<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_320575_0000320575-16-000152_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10153327</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146453</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>588955</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3584229</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4481125</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1174939</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000320575-16-000152.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101093130
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320575-16-000152
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PIONEER ENERGY SERVICES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320575
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				742088619
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08182
		FILM NUMBER:		161963461

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 N.E. LOOP 410
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78209
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2108287689

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1250 N.E. LOOP 410
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1000
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PIONEER DRILLING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTH TEXAS DRILLING & EXPLORATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOUTH TEXAS DRILLING CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19810715

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000320575-16-000152.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 form10q-q32016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D. C. 20549 
  ______________________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q 
  ______________________________________________  
  (Mark one) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

Commission File Number: 1-8182 
  PIONEER ENERGY SERVICES CORP.    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  _____________________________________________  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (855) 884-0575 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x    No    o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer 
    o 
    Accelerated filer 
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
    o 
    Smaller reporting company 
    o 
         (Do not check if a small reporting company.) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No   x 
  As of   October 14, 2016  , there were   65,071,906   shares of common stock, par value $0.10 per share, of the registrant outstanding. 

PART I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
      
  PIONEER ENERGY SERVICES CORP.   AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes to   condensed consolidated   financial statements. 
  
   2 

PIONEER ENERGY SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (unaudited)    

See accompanying notes to   condensed consolidated   financial statements. 
  
   3 

PIONEER ENERGY SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to   condensed consolidated   financial statements. 
  
   4 

PIONEER ENERGY SERVICES CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO   UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  1.         Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    
  Business 
  Pioneer Energy Services Corp. provides land-based drilling services and production services to a diverse group of independent and large oil and gas exploration and production companies in the United States and internationally in Colombia. We also provide two of our services (coiled tubing and wireline services) offshore in the Gulf of Mexico.    
  As of September 30, 2016, our drilling rig fleet consists of 31 rigs,     94%     of which are pad-capable, and     15     of which are AC walking rigs built within the last five years and engineered to optimize pad drilling.     In addition to our drilling rigs, we provide the drilling crews and most of the ancillary equipment needed to operate our drilling rigs.     The drilling rigs in our fleet are currently assigned to the following divisions:    
                   Drilling Division 
    Rig Count 
      South Texas 
    6 
      
      West Texas 
    8 
      
      North Dakota 
    3 
      
      Appalachia 
    6 
      
      Colombia 
    8 

31 

Our Production Services Segment provides a range of services     to a diverse group of exploration and production companies, with our operations concentrated in the major United States onshore oil and gas producing regions in the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain states and in the Gulf Coast, both onshore and offshore.   As of   September 30, 2016  , our production services fleets are as follows:  

Drilling Contracts    
  We obtain our contracts for drilling oil and natural gas wells either through competitive bidding or through direct negotiations with existing or potential clients. Our drilling contracts generally provide for compensation on either a daywork or turnkey basis. Contract terms generally depend on the complexity and risk of operations, the on-site drilling conditions, the type of equipment used, and the anticipated duration of the work to be performed.     Spot market contracts generally provide for the drilling of a single well and typically permit the client to terminate on short notice. We enter into longer-term drilling contracts for our newly constructed rigs and/or during periods of high rig demand.  
  With most term drilling contracts, we are entitled to receive a full or reduced rate of revenue from our clients if they choose to place a rig on standby or to early terminate the contract before its original expiration term. Generally, these revenues are billed and collected over the remaining term of the contract, as the rig is often placed on standby rather than fully released from the contract, and thus may go back to work at the client s decision any time before the end of the contract. Some of our drilling contracts contain  make-whole  provisions whereby if we are able to secure additional work for the rig with another client, then each party is entitled to a make-whole payment. If the dayrates under the new contract are less than the dayrates in the original contract, we would be entitled to a reduced revenue dayrate from the terminating client, and likewise, the terminating client may be entitled to a payment from us if the new contract dayrates exceed those of the original contract. A client may also choose to early terminate the contract and make an upfront early termination payment based on a per day rate for the remaining term of the contract.    
  
   5 

Revenues derived from rigs placed on standby or from the early termination of term drilling contracts are deferred and recognized as the amounts become fixed or determinable, over the remainder of the original term or when the rig is sold.     As a result of the downturn that began in late 2014, term contracts for     19     of our drilling rigs were terminated early, including     three     that were terminated in early 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , all of these contracts  terms have expired and   all the associated revenue from the early terminations has been recognized  .  
  As of     September 30, 2016  ,   13     of our     23     domestic drilling rigs are earning revenues,     eight     of which are under term contracts  .   Of the     eight     rigs in Colombia,     three   are   under term contracts,     two     of which have been put on standby by our client and are not earning revenue.     The term contracts in Colombia are cancelable by our client without penalty if 30 days  notice is provided, and by us if rig operations are suspended without an associated dayrate.     We are actively marketing our     idle drilling rigs in Colombia to various operators and we are evaluating other options, including the possibility of the sale of some or all of our assets in Colombia. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying   unaudited condensed consolidated   financial statements include the accounts of Pioneer Energy Services Corp. and our wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The accompanying   unaudited condensed consolidated   financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of our management, all adjustments (consisting of normal, recurring accruals) necessary for a fair presentation have been included. We suggest that you read these   unaudited condensed consolidated   financial statements together with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  In preparing the accompanying   unaudited condensed consolidated   financial statements, we make various estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities we report as of the dates of the balance sheets and income and expenses we report for the periods shown in the income statements and statements of cash flows. Our actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.   Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes in the near term relate to our recognition of revenues and costs for turnkey contracts, our estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts, our determination of depreciation and amortization expenses, our estimates of projected cash flows and fair values for impairment evaluations, our estimate of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, our estimate of the liability relating to the self-insurance portion of our health and workers  compensation insurance, our estimate of compensation related accruals and our estimate of sales tax audit liability.    
  In preparing the accompanying   unaudited condensed consolidated   financial statements, we have reviewed events that have occurred after   September 30, 2016  , through the filing of this   Form 10-Q  , for inclusion as necessary. 
  Unbilled Accounts Receivable    
  The asset  unbilled receivables  represents revenues we have recognized in excess of amounts billed on drilling contracts and production services completed but not yet invoiced.     We typically invoice our clients at 15-day intervals during the performance of daywork drilling contracts and upon completion of the daywork contract. Turnkey drilling contracts are invoiced upon completion of the contract.     
  Our unbilled receivables totaled     $4.0 million     at     September 30, 2016  , of which     $3.2 million     represented revenue recognized but not yet billed on daywork drilling contracts in progress   and   $0.8 million     related to unbilled receivables for our Production Services Segment  . At   December 31, 2015  , our unbilled receivables totaled   $13.6 million  , of which     $11.9 million     represented revenue recognized but not yet billed on daywork drilling contracts in progress  ,   $1.1 million     related to unbilled receivables for our Production Services Segment  ,   and     $0.6 million     related to     related to turnkey drilling contract revenues  . 
  Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets    
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets include items such as insurance, rent deposits and fees. We routinely expense these items in the normal course of business over the periods these expenses benefit. Prepaid expenses and other current assets also include the current portion of deferred mobilization costs for certain drilling contracts that are recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term.    
  Other Long-Term Assets    
  Other long-term assets consist of cash deposits related to the deductibles on our workers  compensation insurance policies, deferred compensation plan investments and the long-term portion of deferred mobilization costs.    
  Other Current Liabilities 
  Our other accrued expenses include accruals for items such as property tax, sales tax, and professional and other fees. We routinely expense these items in the normal course of business over the periods these expenses benefit.    
  Other Long-Term Liabilities 
  Our other long-term liabilities consist of the noncurrent portion of liabilities associated with our long-term compensation plans, the long-term portion of deferred revenues and deferred lease liabilities.    
  Related-Party Transactions 
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company paid approximately   $0.1 million  , during each of the respective periods, for trucking and equipment rental services, which represented arms-length transactions, to Gulf Coast Lease Service. Joe Freeman, our Senior Vice President of Well Servicing, serves as the President of Gulf Coast Lease Service, which is owned and operated by Mr. Freeman s two sons. Mr. Freeman does not receive compensation from Gulf Coast Lease Service, and he serves primarily in an advisory role to his sons.  
  Comprehensive Income 
  We have not reported comprehensive income due to the absence of items of other comprehensive income in the periods presented. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  Revenue Recognition.   In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09, a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance. The standard outlines a single comprehensive model for revenue recognition based on the core principle that a company will recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to clients, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. We are required to apply this new standard beginning with our first quarterly filing in 2018. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance, but at this time, do not expect that the adoption of this new standard will have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations. We expect the adoption of this new standard to primarily affect our accounting for revenue derived from long-term drilling contracts.   
  Debt Issuance Costs.   On April 7, 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,   which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts, and that amortization of debt issuance costs be reported as interest expense. In August 2015, these provisions were further amended with guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff that they would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. This ASU requires retrospective adoption and was effective for us beginning with our first quarterly filing in 2016. The adoption of this new standard resulted in reclassifying   $7.8 million   of debt issuance costs from other long-term assets to long-term debt in the accompanying December 31, 2015   condensed consolidated   balance sheet.  
  Leases.   In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  , which among other things, requires lessees to recognize substantially all leases on the balance sheet, with expense recognition that is similar to the current lease standard, and aligns the principles of lessor accounting with the principles of the FASB s new revenue guidance (referenced above). This ASU is effective for us beginning with our first quarterly filing in 2019. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance and have not yet determined its impact on our financial position and results of operations.  
  Stock-Based Compensation.   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Stock Compensation:  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , to reduce complexity in accounting standards involving several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for us beginning with our first quarterly filing in 2017. We do not expect that the adoption of this update will have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations.  
  Credit Losses.   In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  , which sets forth an impairment model requiring the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial instruments (including trade receivables) held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable supportable forecasts. This ASU is effective for us beginning with our first quarterly filing in 2020. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.  
  Statement of Cash Flows  . In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows  , which clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. The update is intended to reduce the existing diversity in practice, and is effective for us beginning with our first quarterly filing in 2018. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.  
  Reclassifications 
  Certain amounts in the financial statements for the prior years have been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. 
  
   6 

2  .      Property and Equipment    
  Our capital expenditures were   $24.0 million   and   $130.7 million  , during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which includes   $0.2 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively, of capitalized interest costs incurred during the construction periods of new drilling rigs and other drilling equipment. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , capital expenditures incurred for property and equipment not yet placed in service was   $5.6 million   and   $18.6 million  , respectively, primarily related to   new drilling equipment that was ordered in 2014, but which requires a long lead-time for delivery  .   This equipment will either be used to construct new drilling rigs or as spare equipment for our AC rig fleet.     Capital expenditures during 2015   primarily related to our   five   drilling rigs which began construction during 2014, as well as unit additions to our production services fleets. 
  We recorded net   gains   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   of   $0.4 million   on the disposition of property and equipment, primarily for the disposal of excess drill pipe for a gain, which were mostly offset by a loss on the disposition of damaged property. During the second quarter of 2016, one of our AC drilling rigs sustained damages, primarily to the mast and top drive, that resulted in a disposal of the damaged components with an aggregate net carrying value of   $4.0 million  , for which we filed an insurance claim and expect the insurance proceeds will be approximately   $3.1 million  , resulting in an estimated net loss on disposal of   $0.9 million  . This net loss on disposal partially offset the net gains recognized during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   on other property dispositions. During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded net   gains   of   $2.6 million   on the disposition of property and equipment, primarily for the sale of   28   of our mechanical and lower horsepower electric drilling rigs and other drilling equipment which we sold for aggregate proceeds of   $36.3 million  .  
  As of     September 30, 2016  , our     condensed consolidated     balance sheet reflects assets held for sale of   $6.2 million  , which primarily represents the fair value of     four     domestic mechanical and lower horsepower electric drilling rigs, other drilling equipment,     13     wireline units and certain coiled tubing equipment  . 
  The following table summarizes impairment charges recognized during the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we recognized   $3.3 million   of impairment charges to reduce the carrying values of assets placed as held for sale to their estimated fair values, based on expected sales prices, and an additional   $0.9 million   of impairment charges to reduce the carrying value of a portion of the steel that is on hand for the construction of drilling rigs, which we no longer believe is likely to be used.  
  During the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , we recorded impairment charges of   $2.3 million   and   $9.9 million  , respectively,   to reduce the carrying value of certain assets which were classified as held for sale, to their estimated fair values, based on expected sales prices  . Additionally, based on our impairment analysis performed at June 30, 2015, we concluded that the carrying values of the non-AC drilling rigs in our domestic fleet which are not pad-capable, and our Colombian assets as a group, exceeded our estimated undiscounted cash flows for these assets and recognized   $69.8 million   of impairment charges to reduce the carrying values of these assets to their estimated fair values.  
  We evaluate for potential impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets subject to amortization when indicators of impairment are present.     Circumstances that could indicate a potential impairment include significant adverse changes in industry trends, economic climate, legal factors, and an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. More specifically, significant adverse changes in industry trends include significant declines in revenue rates, utilization rates, oil and natural gas market prices and industry rig counts.     Since late 2014, oil prices have declined significantly resulting in a downturn in our industry, affecting both drilling and production services.     Despite the modest recovery in commodity prices in recent months, we continue to monitor all indicators of potential impairments in accordance with ASC Topic 360,   Property, Plant and Equipment.    
  
   7 

In performing an impairment evaluation, we estimate the future undiscounted net cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of long-lived tangible and intangible assets grouped at the lowest level that cash flows can be identified. For our Production Services Segment, we perform an impairment evaluation and estimate future undiscounted cash flows for the individual reporting units (well servicing, wireline and coiled tubing).     For our Drilling Services Segment, we perform an impairment evaluation and estimate future undiscounted cash flows for individual domestic drilling rig assets and for our Colombian drilling rig assets as a group.     If the sum of the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset group, then we determine the fair value of the asset group. The amount of an impairment charge is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the assets.     The assumptions used in the impairment evaluation for long-lived assets are inherently uncertain and require management judgment. 
  Due to lower than anticipated operating results in 2016 and a decline in our projected cash flows for the coiled tubing reporting unit, we performed an impairment analysis of our coiled tubing long-lived assets which indicated that our projected net undiscounted cash flows associated with the coiled tubing reporting unit were in excess of the net carrying value of the assets, and thus no impairment was present at     September 30, 2016  .   The most significant inputs used in our impairment analysis of our coiled tubing operations include the projected utilization and pricing of our coiled tubing services, which are classified as Level 3 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  . 
  Although we believe the assumptions and estimates used in our analysis are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact the analysis and resulting conclusions.     If the demand for our drilling services remains at current levels or declines further and any of our rigs become or remain idle for an extended amount of time, then our estimated cash flows may further decrease, and the probability of a near term sale may increase. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we may incur additional impairment charges.       
   
           3  .  
    Valuation Allowances on Deferred Tax Assets    
     As of     September 30, 2016  , we had   $97.5 million     of deferred tax assets related to domestic and foreign net operating losses that are available to reduce future taxable income.     In assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.    
  In performing this analysis as of   September 30, 2016   in accordance with ASC Topic 740,   Income Taxes  , we assessed the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit the use of deferred tax assets. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated is the projected cumulative loss incurred over the three-year period ending December 31, 2016. Such objective negative evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective positive evidence, such as projections for taxable income in future years. Due to the continued downturn in our industry, we expect to be in a net deferred tax asset position by the end of 2016, and as a result, we may recognize a benefit only to the extent that reversals of deferred income tax liabilities are expected to generate income tax expense in each relevant jurisdiction in future periods which would offset our deferred tax assets.  
  Our domestic net operating losses have a 20 year carryforward period and can be used to offset future domestic taxable income until their expiration, beginning in     2030  ,   with the latest expiration in     2033  . However,   we determined that a valuation allowance should be recorded against some of the benefit expected to be generated in 2016. The valuation allowance has been factored into the estimated annual tax rate to be applied throughout 2016, and is the primary factor causing our effective tax rate to be significantly lower than the statutory rate of 35%  . The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income are reduced or increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight is given to subjective evidence such as projected future taxable income.  
  The majority of our foreign net operating losses have an indefinite carryforward period.   However, as   a result of the conditions leading to the impairment of our assets in Colombia during 2015 and the continued industry downturn, we have a valuation allowance that fully offsets our     $21.3 million     of foreign deferred tax assets   at   September 30, 2016  .  
  
   8 

4  .       Debt    
  Our debt consists of the following (amounts in thousands): 

Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
  We have a credit agreement,   as most recently amended on     June 30, 2016  , with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and a syndicate of lenders which   provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility, with sub-limits for letters of credit and swing-line loans, of up to an aggregate commitment amount of     $175 million  ,   with further reductions to     $150 million     not later than     December 31, 2017  , subject to availability under a borrowing base comprised of certain eligible cash, certain eligible receivables, certain eligible inventory, and certain eligible equipment of ours and certain of our subsidiaries, all of which matures in     March 2019   (the  Revolving Credit Facility ).   The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary mandatory prepayments from the proceeds of certain asset dispositions or equity or debt issuances, which are applied to reduce outstanding revolving and swing-line loans and to cash-collateralize letter of credit exposure, and in certain cases, also reduce the commitment amount available  . 
  Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at the LIBOR rate or at the bank prime rate, plus an applicable per annum margin of   5.50%   and   4.50%  , respectively. The Revolving Credit Facility requires a commitment fee due quarterly based on the average daily unused amount of the commitments of the lenders, a fronting fee due for each letter of credit issued, and a quarterly letter of credit fee due based on the average undrawn amount of letters of credit outstanding during such period. Additionally, the Revolving Credit Facility requires that if on the last business day of each week, our aggregate amount of cash (as calculated pursuant to the Revolving Credit Facility) exceeds   $20 million  , we pay down the outstanding principal balance by the amount of such excess.  
  Our obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our domestic assets (including equity interests in Pioneer Global Holdings, Inc. and     65%     of the outstanding voting equity interests, and     100%     of non-voting equity interests, of any first-tier foreign subsidiaries owned by Pioneer Global Holdings, Inc., but excluding any equity interest in, and any assets of, Pioneer Services Holdings, LLC) and are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries, including Pioneer Global Holdings, Inc. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are available for acquisitions, working capital and other general corporate purposes.    
  As of   October 15, 2016  , we had   $111.5 million   outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility and   $17.3 million   in committed letters of credit, which resulted in borrowing availability of   $46.2 million   under our Revolving Credit Facility.   There are no limitations on our ability to access the borrowing capacity provided there is no default, all representations and warranties are true and correct, and compliance with financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility is maintained.   At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with our financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility.  
  
   9 

The financial covenants contained in our Revolving Credit Facility include the following  :  
             
    A maximum senior consolidated leverage ratio, calculated as senior consolidated debt at the period end, which excludes unsecured and subordinated debt, divided by EBITDA for the trailing twelve month period at each quarter end, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility.     The senior consolidated leverage ratio cannot exceed the maximum amounts as follows:    

A minimum interest coverage ratio, calculated as EBITDA for the trailing twelve month period at each quarter end, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility, divided by interest expense for the same period.     The interest coverage ratio cannot be less than the minimum amounts as follows:    

A minimum EBITDA requirement, for the periods indicated, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility.     EBITDA required at the end of forthcoming fiscal quarters cannot be less than the minimum amounts as follows:    

The Revolving Credit Facility restricts capital expenditures to the following amounts during each forthcoming fiscal year as follows:    

The capital expenditure threshold for each of the fiscal years above may be increased by up to   50%   of the unused portion of the capital expenditure threshold for the immediate preceding fiscal year, limited to a maximum of   $5 million     in 2017, and   $7.5 million   in each of the years 2018 and 2019.     In addition to the above requirements, additional capital expenditures may be made if the following conditions are satisfied:    
             
    the aggregate outstanding commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility do not exceed     $150 million  ;  
                
    the pro forma senior leverage and total leverage ratios, calculated as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility, are less than     2.00   to 1.00 and     4.50   to 1.00, respectively.    
     The Revolving Credit Facility has additional restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to:    
             
    incur additional debt or make prepayments of existing debt;    
                
    create liens on or dispose of our assets;    
                
    pay dividends on stock or repurchase stock;    
                
    enter into acquisitions, mergers, consolidations, sale leaseback transactions, or hedging contracts; 
                
    make other restricted investments; and    
                
    conduct transactions with affiliates.    
     
   10 

In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including without limitation:    
     payment defaults;    
     breaches of representations and warranties;    
     covenant defaults;    
     cross-defaults to certain other material indebtedness in excess of specified amounts;    
     certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency;    
     judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts;    
     failure of any guaranty or security document supporting the credit agreement; and    
     change of control.    
  Senior Notes 
  In   2014  , we issued   $300 million     of unregistered senior notes with a coupon interest rate of     6.125%     that are due in     2022     (the  Senior Notes )  . The Senior Notes were sold at   100%   of their face value. After deductions were made for the   $6.1 million   for underwriters  fees and other debt offering costs, we received   $293.9 million   of net proceeds.   In order to reduce our overall interest expense and lengthen the overall maturity of our senior indebtedness, during 2014, we redeemed all of our then outstanding     $425 million     of unregistered senior notes with a coupon interest rate of     9.875%     that were issued in 2010 and 2011 and were set to mature in     2018  ,   funded primarily by proceeds from the issuance of Senior Notes in 2014 and additional borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, as well as some cash on hand.    
  The Senior Notes will mature on   March 15, 2022   with interest due semi-annually in arrears on   March 15   and   September 15   of each year. We have the option to redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at any time on or after   March 15, 2017   in each case at the redemption price specified in the Indenture dated   March 18, 2014   (the  Indenture ) plus any accrued and unpaid interest and any additional interest (as defined in the Indenture) thereon to the date of redemption. Prior to   March 15, 2017  , we may also redeem the Senior Notes, in whole or in part, at a  make-whole  redemption price specified in the Indenture, plus any accrued and unpaid interest and any additional interest thereon to the date of redemption. In addition, prior to   March 15, 2017  , we may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to   35%   of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to   106.125%   of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, to the redemption date, with the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings, provided that at least   65%   of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes remains outstanding after the occurrence of such redemption and that the redemption occurs within   120   days of the date of the closing of such equity offering.  
  In accordance with a registration rights agreement with the holders of our Senior Notes, we filed an exchange offer registration statement on Form S-4 with the Securities and Exchange Commission that became effective on    October 2, 2014  . The exchange offer registration statement enabled the holders of our Senior Notes to exchange their senior notes for publicly registered notes with substantially identical terms. References to the  Senior Notes  herein include the senior notes issued in the exchange offer. 
  If we experience a change of control (as defined in the Indenture), we will be required to make an offer to each holder of the Senior Notes to repurchase all or any part of the Senior Notes at a purchase price equal to     101%     of the principal amount of each Senior Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase. If we engage in certain asset sales, within 365 days of such sale we will be required to use the net cash proceeds from such sale, to the extent we do not reinvest those proceeds in our business, to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to     100%     of the principal amount of each Senior Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date.    
  
   11 

The Indenture, among other things, limits us and certain of our subsidiaries in our ability to: 
             
    pay dividends on stock, repurchase stock, redeem subordinated indebtedness or make other restricted payments and investments;    
                
    incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred or disqualified stock;    
                
    create liens on our or their assets  ;  
                
    enter into sale and leaseback transactions;    
                
    sell or transfer assets;    
                
    pay dividends, engage in loans, or transfer other assets from certain of our subsidiaries;    
                
    consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell all or substantially all of our properties to any other person;    
                
    enter into transactions with affiliates; and    
                
    enter into new lines of business  .  
     The Senior Notes are not subject to any sinking fund requirements. The Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by certain of our existing domestic subsidiaries and by certain of our future domestic subsidiaries. (See Note   10  ,   Guarantor/Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  .) 
  Debt Issuance Costs    
  Costs incurred in connection with the Revolving Credit Facility were capitalized and are being amortized using the straight-line method over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility which matures in   March 2019  . Costs incurred in connection with the issuance of our Senior Notes were capitalized and are being amortized using the straight-line method (which approximates amortization using the interest method) over the term of the Senior Notes which mature in   March 2022  . We recognized   $1.3 million   and   $1.2 million   of associated amortization during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.   Additionally, during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   we recognized   $0.3 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively,   of loss on extinguishment of debt for the write off of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the reduction of borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility. 
   
           5  .  
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
     The FASB s Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  , defines fair value and provides a hierarchal framework associated with the level of subjectivity used in measuring assets and liabilities at fair value. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our financial instruments consist primarily of cash, trade and other receivables, trade payables and long-term debt. The carrying value of cash, trade and other receivables, and trade payables are considered to be representative of their respective fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
  The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis, based on rates that we believe we would currently pay for similar types of debt instruments. This discounted cash flow analysis is based on inputs defined by ASC Topic 820 as level 2 inputs, which are observable inputs for similar types of debt instruments. The following table presents the supplemental fair value information about long-term debt at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (amounts in thousands): 

6  .  
    Earnings Per Common Share 
     The following table presents a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share computations (amounts in thousands, except per share data): 

7  .  
       Equity Transactions and Stock-Based Compensation Plans    
     Equity Transactions 
  On     May 15, 2015  , we filed a registration statement that permits us to sell equity or debt in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of     $300 million  . As of     September 30, 2016  , the entire     $300 million     under the shelf registration statement is available for equity or debt offerings, subject to the limitations imposed by our Revolving Credit Facility and Senior Notes.     We may consider equity and/or debt offerings, as appropriate, to meet our liquidity needs. 
  
   12 

Stock-based Compensation Plans 
  We grant stock option and restricted stock awards with vesting based on time of service conditions. We grant restricted stock unit awards with vesting based on time of service conditions, and in certain cases, subject to performance and market conditions. In 2016, we granted phantom stock unit awards with vesting based on time of service, performance and market conditions, which were classified as liability awards under ASC Topic 718,   Compensation Stock Compensation   since we expect to settle the awards in cash when they become vested. We recognize compensation cost for stock option, restricted stock, restricted stock unit, and phantom stock unit awards based on the fair value estimated in accordance with ASC Topic 718.     For our awards with graded vesting, we recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the service period for each separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was, in substance, multiple awards.  
  The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation expense recognized for stock option, restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards, and the compensation expense recognized for phantom stock unit awards during the     three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

Stock Options 
  We grant stock option awards which generally become exercisable over a     three  -year period and expire   ten     years after the date of grant. Our stock-based compensation plans require that all stock option awards have an exercise price that is not less than the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. We issue shares of our common stock when vested stock option awards are exercised.     
  We estimate the fair value of each option grant on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.   There were no stock options granted during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  .   The following table summarizes the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on a weighted-average calculation for the options granted during the     nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model are based on multiple factors, including historical exercise patterns of homogeneous groups with respect to exercise and post-vesting employment termination behaviors, expected future exercising patterns for these same homogeneous groups and volatility of our stock price. As we have not declared dividends since we became a public company, we did not use a dividend yield. In each case, the actual value that will be realized, if any, will depend on the future performance of our common stock and overall stock market conditions. There is no assurance the value an optionee actually realizes will be at or near the value we have estimated using the Black-Scholes options-pricing model. 
  There were   no   stock options exercised during the   three months   ended   September 30, 2016  .   During the     nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  ,   46,804   stock options were exercised at a weighted-average exercise price of   $3.92  . During the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  ,   7,200   and   203,300   stock options, respectively, were exercised at a weighted-average exercise price of   $3.84   for both periods.   We receive a tax deduction for certain stock option exercises during the period the options are exercised, generally for the excess of the fair market value of our stock on  
  
   13 

the date of exercise over the exercise price of the options. In accordance with ASC Topic 718, when we have excess tax benefits resulting from the exercise of stock options, we report them as financing cash flows in our   condensed consolidated   statement of cash flows, unless otherwise disallowed under ASC Topic 740,   Income Taxes  .     
  Restricted Stock 
  We grant restricted stock awards that vest over a     one  -year period with a fair value based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant.     When restricted stock awards are granted, or when restricted stock unit awards are converted to restricted stock, shares of our common stock are considered issued, but subject to certain restrictions.   During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we granted   166,664   and   47,296   shares of restricted stock awards with a weighted-average grant-date fair value of   $2.76   and   $7.40  , respectively. 
  Restricted Stock Units 
  We grant restricted stock unit awards with vesting based on time of service conditions only ( time-based RSUs ), and we grant restricted stock unit awards with vesting based on time of service, which are also subject to performance and market conditions ( performance-based RSUs ). Shares of our common stock are issued to recipients of restricted stock units only when they have satisfied the applicable vesting conditions. 
  The following table summarizes the number and weighted-average grant-date fair value of the restricted stock unit awards granted during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Our time-based RSUs generally vest over a     three  -year period, with fair values based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant.     
  Our performance-based RSUs generally cliff vest after   39     months from the date of grant and are granted at a target number of issuable shares, for which the final number of shares of common stock is adjusted based on our actual achievement levels that are measured against predetermined performance conditions. The number of shares of common stock awarded will be based upon the Company s achievement in certain performance conditions, as compared to a predefined peer group, over the performance period, generally     three   years. 
  Approximately   half     of the performance-based RSUs granted during 2014 and 2015 are subject to a market condition based on relative total shareholder return, as compared to that of our predetermined peer group, and therefore the fair value of these awards is measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Compensation expense for equity awards with a market condition is reduced only for estimated forfeitures; no adjustment to expense is otherwise made, regardless of the number of shares issued. The remaining performance-based RSUs are subject to performance conditions, based on our EBITDA and return on capital employed, relative to our predetermined peer group, and therefore the fair value is based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant, applied to the estimated number of shares that will be awarded. Compensation expense ultimately recognized for awards with performance conditions will be equal to the fair value of the restricted stock unit award based on the actual outcome of the service and performance conditions.  
  In   April 2016  , we determined that   72%   of the target number of shares granted during   2013   were actually earned based on the Company s achievement of certain performance measures, as compared to the predefined peer group, over the three-year performance period which ended   December 31, 2015  . The performance-based RSUs granted during   2013   vested and were converted to common stock at the end of   April 2016  .   As of     September 30, 2016  , we estimated that our actual achievement level for the performance-based RSUs granted during 2014 and 2015 will be approximately     90%   and   100%     of the predetermined performance conditions, respectively.    
  
   14 

Phantom Stock Unit Awards 
  In 2016, we granted     1,268,068      phantom stock unit awards that cliff-vest after     39     months from the date of grant, with vesting based on time of service, performance and market conditions.     The number of units ultimately awarded will be based upon the Company s achievement in certain performance conditions, as compared to a predefined peer group, over the     three  -year performance period, and each unit awarded will entitle the employee to a cash payment equal to the stock price of our common stock on the date of vesting, subject to a maximum of four times the stock price on the date of grant.    
  These awards are classified as liability awards under ASC Topic 718,   Compensation Stock Compensation  , because we expect to settle the awards in cash when they vest, and are remeasured at fair value at each reporting period until they vest. Approximately half of the phantom stock unit awards granted are subject to a market condition based on relative total shareholder return, as compared to that of our predetermined peer group, and therefore the fair value of these awards is measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The remaining phantom stock unit awards are subject to performance conditions, based on our EBITDA and return on capital employed, relative to our predetermined peer group, and the fair value of these awards is measured using a Black-Scholes pricing model.    
   
           8  .  
    Segment Information 
     We have   two   operating segments referred to as the Drilling Services Segment and the Production Services Segment which is the basis management uses for making operating decisions and assessing performance. 
  Our Drilling Services Segment provides contract land drilling services to a diverse group of exploration and production companies through our   four   drilling divisions in the US, and internationally in Colombia.     In addition to our drilling rigs, we provide the drilling crews and most of the ancillary equipment needed to operate our drilling rigs.    
  Our Production Services Segment provides a range of services  , including well servicing, wireline services and coiled tubing services,   to a diverse group of exploration and production companies, with our operations concentrated in the major United States onshore oil and gas producing regions in the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain states and in the Gulf Coast, both onshore and offshore. 
  The following table sets forth certain financial information for our   two   operating segments and corporate as of and for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

15 

The following table reconciles the   consolidated     margin of our two operating segments and corporate   reported above to income from operations as reported on the consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

The following table sets forth certain financial information for our international operations in Colombia as of and for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

Identifiable assets for our international operations in Colombia include   five   drilling rigs that are owned by our Colombia subsidiary and   three   drilling rigs that are owned by one of our domestic subsidiaries and leased to our Colombia subsidiary.  
   
           9  .  
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     In connection with our operations in Colombia, our foreign subsidiaries have obtained bonds for bidding on drilling contracts, performing under drilling contracts, and remitting customs and importation duties. We have guaranteed payments of   $36.3 million   relating to our performance under these bonds as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  We have received an increased number of notices in recent years from state taxing authorities for audits of sales and use tax obligations. We are currently undergoing sales and use tax audits for multi-year periods and we are working to resolve all relevant issues.   As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   our accrued liability was     $1.5 million   and   $0.6 million  ,   respectively, based on our estimate of the sales and use tax obligations that are expected to result from these audits  .   Due to the inherent uncertainty of the audit process, we believe that it is reasonably possible that we may incur additional tax assessments with respect to one or more of the audits in excess of the amount accrued. We believe that such an outcome would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. Because certain of these audits are in a preliminary stage, an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss from an adverse result in all or substantially all of these cases cannot reasonably be made.    
  Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities, including workers  compensation claims and employment-related disputes. Legal costs relating to these matters are expensed as incurred. In the opinion of our management, none of the pending litigation, disputes or claims against us will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flow from operations. 
  
   16 

10  .  
    Guarantor/Non-Guarantor Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
     Our Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by all existing domestic subsidiaries, except for Pioneer Services Holdings, LLC. The subsidiaries that generally operate our non-U.S. business concentrated in Colombia do not guarantee our Senior Notes. The non-guarantor subsidiaries do not have any payment obligations under the Senior Notes, the guarantees or the Indenture.  
  In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any non-guarantor subsidiary, such non-guarantor subsidiary will pay the holders of its debt and other liabilities, including its trade creditors, before it will be able to distribute any of its assets to us. In the future, any non-U.S. subsidiaries, immaterial subsidiaries and subsidiaries that we designate as unrestricted subsidiaries under the Indenture will not guarantee the Senior Notes. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no restrictions on the ability of subsidiary guarantors to transfer funds to the parent company. 
  As a result of the guarantee arrangements, we are presenting the following condensed consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and statements of cash flows of the issuer, the guarantor subsidiaries and the non-guarantor subsidiaries. 
  
   17 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (unaudited, in thousands)   

18 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited, in thousands) 

19 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited, in thousands) 

20 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (unaudited, in thousands) 

21 

Item     2  . 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     Statements we make in   the following discussion   that express a belief, expectation or intention, as well as those that are not historical fact, are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, could differ materially from those we express in the following discussion as a result of a variety of factors, including general economic and business conditions and industry trends, levels and volatility of oil and gas prices, the continued demand for drilling services or production services in the geographic areas where we operate, decisions about exploration and development projects to be made by oil and gas exploration and production companies, the highly competitive nature of our business, technological advancements and trends in our industry and improvements in our competitors' equipment, the loss of one or more of our major clients or a decrease in their demand for our services, future compliance with covenants under our senior secured revolving credit facility and our senior notes, operating hazards inherent in our operations, the supply of marketable drilling rigs, well servicing rigs, coiled tubing and wireline units within the industry, the continued availability of drilling rig, well servicing rig, coiled tubing and wireline unit components, the continued availability of qualified personnel, the success or failure of our acquisition strategy, including our ability to finance acquisitions, manage growth and effectively integrate acquisitions, the political, economic, regulatory and other uncertainties encountered by our operations, and changes in, or our failure or inability to comply with, governmental regulations, including those relating to the environment. We have discussed many of these factors in more detail   elsewhere in this report   and   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  ,   including under the headings  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  in the Introductory Note to Part I and  Risk Factors  in Item 1A  . These factors are not necessarily all the important factors that could affect us.     Other unpredictable or unknown factors could also have material adverse effects on actual results of matters that are the subject of our forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. We advise our shareholders that they should (1) recognize that important factors not referred to above could affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and (2) use caution and common sense when considering our forward-looking statements.    
  
   22 

Company Overview  
  Pioneer Energy Services Corp. provides land-based drilling services and production services to a diverse group of independent and large oil and gas exploration and production companies in the United States and internationally in Colombia. We also provide two of our services (coiled tubing and wireline services) offshore in the Gulf of Mexico.     Drilling services and production services are fundamental to establishing and maintaining the flow of oil and natural gas throughout the productive life of a well and enable us to meet multiple needs of our clients.    
             
    Drilling Services Segment      From 1999 to 2011, we significantly expanded our fleet through acquisitions and the construction of new drilling rigs.     As our industry changed with the evolution of shale drilling, we began a transformation process in 2011, by selectively disposing of our older, less capable rigs, while we continued to invest in our rig building program to construct more technologically advanced, pad-optimal rigs to meet the changing needs of our clients.    
     As of September 30, 2016, our drilling rig fleet consists of 31 rigs,     94%     of which are pad-capable, and     15     of which are AC walking rigs built within the last five years and engineered to optimize pad drilling.     The removal of older, less capable rigs from our fleet and the recent investments in the construction of new drilling rigs has transformed our fleet into a highly capable, pad optimal fleet focused on the horizontal drilling market.     We believe this positions us to compete well, grow our presence in the significant shale basins in the US, and improve profitability upon recovery of our industry. 
  In addition to our drilling rigs, we provide the drilling crews and most of the ancillary equipment needed to operate our drilling rigs.     We obtain our contracts for drilling oil and natural gas wells either through competitive bidding or through direct negotiations with existing or potential clients. Our drilling contracts generally provide for compensation on either a daywork or turnkey basis. Contract terms generally depend on the complexity and risk of operations, the on-site drilling conditions, the type of equipment used, and the anticipated duration of the work to be performed.     The drilling rigs in our fleet are currently assigned to the following divisions:    
                     Drilling Division 
      
    Rig Count 
      South Texas 
      
    6 
      
      West Texas 
      
    8 
      
      North Dakota 
      
    3 
      
      Appalachia 
      
    6 
      
      Colombia 
      
    8 

31 

Production Services Segment      In 2008, we acquired two production services companies which significantly expanded our service offerings to include well servicing and wireline services. We also acquired a coiled tubing services business at the end of 2011 to further expand our production services offerings. Since the acquisitions of these businesses, we continued to invest in their organic growth and significantly expanded all our production services fleets. However, we have suspended organic growth of our production services fleets during the current downturn.    
     Our Production Services Segment provides a range of services     to a diverse group of exploration and production companies, with our operations concentrated in the major United States onshore oil and gas producing regions in the Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain states and in the Gulf Coast, both onshore and offshore.     The primary production services we offer are the following:    
             
    Well   Servicing. A range of services are required in order to establish production in newly-drilled wells and to maintain production over the useful lives of active wells. We use our well servicing rig fleet to provide these necessary services, including the completion of newly-drilled wells, maintenance and workover of active wells, and plugging and abandonment of wells at the end of their useful lives.     As of     September 30, 2016  ,   we have a fleet of   114     rigs with 550 horsepower   and   11     rigs with 600 horsepower   with operations in   10     locations, mostly in the Gulf Coast states, as well as in Arkansas and North Dakota.     
                
    Wireline   Services. Oil and gas exploration and production companies require wireline services to better understand the reservoirs they are drilling or producing, and use logging services to accurately characterize reservoir rocks and fluids. To complete a cased-hole well, the production casing must be perforated to  
     
   23 

establish a flow path between the reservoir and the wellbore. We use our fleet of wireline units to provide these important logging and perforating services in addition to a range of other mechanical services that are needed in order to   place equipment in or retrieve equipment or debris from the wellbore, install bridge plugs and control pressure.     As of   September 30, 2016  ,   we have a fleet of   114   wireline units in   17   operating locations in the Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent and Rocky Mountain states. 
             
    Coiled Tubing Services.   Coiled tubing is also an important element of the well servicing industry that allows operators to continue production during service operations without shutting in the well, thereby reducing the risk of formation damage. Coiled tubing services involve the use of a continuous metal pipe spooled on a large reel for oil and natural gas well applications, such as wellbore clean-outs, nitrogen jet lifts, through-tubing fishing, formation stimulation utilizing acid, chemical treatments and fracturing. Coiled tubing is also used for a number of horizontal well applications such as milling temporary plugs between frac stages.     As of     September 30, 2016  ,   our coiled tubing business consists of   12     onshore and     five   offshore coiled tubing units which are deployed through   two   locations in Texas and Louisiana.    
     Pioneer Energy Services Corp. (formerly called  Pioneer Drilling Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Texas in 1979 as the successor to a business that had been operating since 1968. Over the last 15 years, we have significantly expanded our business through acquisitions and organic growth.     We conduct our operations through two operating segments: our Drilling Services Segment and our Production Services Segment. Financial information about our operating segments is included in Note   8  ,   Segment Information  , of the Notes to   Condensed Consolidated     Financial Statements, included in   Part I, Item 1  ,     Financial Statements  , of this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q  .  
  Pioneer Energy Services Corp. s corporate office is located at 1250 NE Loop 410, Suite 1000, San Antonio, Texas 78209. Our phone number is (855) 884-0575 and our website address is www.pioneeres.com. We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Information on our website is not incorporated into this report or otherwise made part of this report.    
   
  Market Conditions in Our Industry 
  Industry Overview     Demand for oilfield services offered by our industry is a function of our clients  willingness to make operating expenditures and capital expenditures to explore for, develop and produce hydrocarbons, which is primarily driven by current and expected oil and natural gas prices.    
  Our business is influenced substantially by both operating and capital expenditures by exploration and production companies. Exploration and production spending is generally categorized as either a capital expenditure or an operating expenditure.     Capital expenditures by exploration and production companies for the drilling of exploratory wells or new wells in proven areas are more directly influenced by current and expected oil and natural gas prices and generally reflect the volatility of commodity prices. In contrast, operating expenditures by exploration and production companies for the maintenance of existing wells, for which a range of production services are required in order to maintain production, are relatively more stable and predictable.    
  Drilling and production services have historically trended similarly in response to fluctuations in commodity prices. However, because exploration and production companies often adjust their budgets for exploratory drilling first in response to a shift in commodity prices, the demand for drilling services is generally impacted first and to a greater extent than the demand for production services which is more dependent on ongoing expenditures that are necessary to maintain production. Additionally, within the range of production services businesses, those that derive more revenue from production related activity, as opposed to maintenance, tend to be less affected by fluctuations in commodity prices and temporary reductions in industry activity.    
  However, in a severe downturn that is prolonged, both operating and capital expenditures are significantly reduced, and the demand for all our service offerings is significantly impacted.    
  For additional information concerning the effects of the volatility in oil and gas prices and the effects of technological advancements and trends in our industry, see Item 1A    Risk Factors  in Part I of   our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015  . 
  
   24 

Market Conditions      Since late 2014, oil prices have declined significantly resulting in a downturn in our industry, affecting both drilling and production services.     The trends in spot prices of WTI crude oil and Henry Hub natural gas, and the resulting trends in domestic land rig counts (per Baker Hughes) and domestic well servicing rig counts (per Guiberson/Association of Energy Service Companies) over the last three years are illustrated in the graphs below. 
  
  The trends in commodity pricing and domestic rig counts over the last 12 months are illustrated below:  
  
  At the end of 2015, the spot prices of WTI crude oil and Henry Hub natural gas were down by     66%     and     74%  ,   respectively, as compared to the peak 2014 prices.     During this same period, the horizontal and vertical drilling rig counts in the United States dropped by   61%   and   78%  , respectively, while the domestic well servicing rig count decreased by   38%  .   Despite the modest recovery in commodity prices during recent months, commodity prices have remained low as compared to the price levels in 2014 and continue to depress activity and pricing for all our service offerings.     
  Our well servicing and coiled tubing utilization rates for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   were   41%   and   22%  , respectively, based on total fleet count, and we are currently actively marketing approximately   55%   of our wireline fleet. These utilization rates are roughly flat with those of the most recently completed fiscal quarter, due to recent stability in commodity prices, and the number of wireline jobs completed during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   increased by   14%  , as compared to the most recently completed fiscal quarter.  
  In drilling, all rig classes were severely impacted by the industry downturn.     As a result, term contracts for     19     of our drilling rigs were terminated early, including     three     that were terminated in early 2016  . However, with the moderate improvement in commodity prices in recent months, several of our AC rigs have been subsequently placed on new spot contracts and as of   September 30, 2016  ,   13     of our     23     domestic drilling rigs are earning revenues,     eight     of which are under term contracts  . This represents a current utilization of   81%   of our AC rig fleet.   Of the     eight     rigs in Colombia,     three   are   under term contracts,     two     of which have been put on standby by our client and are not earning revenue.     We are actively marketing our     idle drilling rigs in Colombia to various operators and we are evaluating other options, including the possibility of the sale of some or all of our assets in Colombia.    
  
   25 

Including the     contracts in Colombia that are on standby,     16     of our     drilling rigs are currently under contract,     which if not canceled or renewed prior to the end of their terms, will expire as follows:     

Our clients significantly reduced both their operating and capital expenditures during 2015, with further reductions to their spending budgets for 2016.     If oil and natural gas prices again decline, then industry equipment utilization and revenue rates would likely decrease further.     Although we expect continued pricing pressure, low activity levels and a highly competitive environment for the remainder of 2016, we expect the recent modest recovery in commodity prices, if it continues, to modestly increase industry activity levels and we believe our high-quality equipment and services are well positioned to compete.    
   
  Strategy    
  In past years, our strategy was to become a premier land drilling and production services company through steady and disciplined growth. We executed this strategy by acquiring and building a high quality drilling rig fleet and production services business. We provide drilling and production services in many of the most attractive drilling markets throughout the United States, and provide drilling services in Colombia.  
  With the decline in oil prices and the reductions in our utilization and revenue rates over the last eighteen months, our near-term efforts are focused on: 
             
    Cost Reductions.   Since   the beginning of 2015  , we have reduced our total headcount by approximately   61%  , reduced wage rates for our operations personnel, reduced incentive compensation, eliminated certain employment benefits and closed a total of   ten     field   offices to reduce overhead and reduce associated lease payments. We continue to evaluate opportunities to lower our cost structure in response to reduced revenues.  
                
    Liquidating Nonstrategic Assets.   We sold   32   drilling rigs and other drilling equipment during 2015 for aggregate net proceeds of   $53.6 million  .   As of     September 30, 2016  , we have   four   additional domestic mechanical and lower horsepower electric drilling rigs held for sale, along with other drilling equipment,   13     wireline units and certain coiled tubing equipment  .      We will continue to evaluate our domestic and international fleets for additional drilling rigs or equipment for which a near term sale would be favorable.  
                
    Maintaining Liquidity and Financial Flexibility.   We most recently amended our revolving credit facility on June 30, 2016, to maintain access to capital but with more flexible financial covenants. Since the beginning of 2015, we have paid down   $43.5 million   of debt, as of   October 15, 2016  . We also have availability for equity or debt offerings up to $300 million under our shelf registration statement, subject to the limitations imposed by our Revolving Credit Facility and Senior Notes.   
                
    Performance of our Core Businesses.   We will continue to focus on maintaining our relationships with our clients and vendors through the downturn, and continue to focus on our service quality and safety. We remain committed to our safety and service quality goals, and our   2015 total recordable incident rate is the lowest we have achieved since our company s inception  .   With the expectation of a modest recovery  , we are allocating our resources to the markets with the best opportunities for increased activity.  
     We will continue to evaluate our business and look for opportunities to further achieve these goals, which we believe will position us to take advantage of future business opportunities and continue our long-term growth strategy.  
  
   26 

Our long-term strategy is to maintain and leverage our position as a leading land drilling and production services company, continue to expand our relationships with existing clients, expand our client base in the areas where we currently operate and further enhance our geographic diversification through selective expansion. The key elements of this long-term strategy are focused on our:   
             
    Investments in the Growth of our Business.   We have historically invested in the growth of our business by strategically upgrading our existing assets and disposing of assets which use older technology, and engaging in select rig building opportunities and acquisitions.  
     Since the beginning of 2010, we have added significant capacity to our production services offerings through the addition of   40   wireline units,   51   well servicing rigs and   17   coiled tubing units. We constructed ten AC drilling rigs from 2011 to 2013 and we   completed construction of     five     new 1,500 horsepower AC drilling rigs during 2015  .   We sold     32     of our mechanical and lower horsepower electric drilling rigs during 2015, which were the most negatively impacted by the industry downturn,     and placed an additional     4     rigs as held for sale.        
  As of September 30, 2016, our drilling rig fleet consists of 31 rigs,     94%     of which are pad-capable, and     15     of which are AC walking rigs built within the last five years and engineered to optimize pad drilling.     The removal of older, less capable rigs from our fleet and the recent investments in the construction of new drilling rigs has transformed our fleet into a highly capable, pad optimal fleet focused on the horizontal drilling market.     We believe this positions us to compete well, grow our presence in the significant shale basins in the US, and improve profitability upon recovery of our industry. 
             
    Competitive Position in the Prominent Domestic Markets.   Shale plays and non-shale oil or liquid rich environments are increasingly important to domestic hydrocarbon production, and not all drilling rigs are capable of successfully drilling in these unconventional opportunities. The   15     drilling rigs which we constructed in the last five years   are well suited for our operations in the Marcellus/Utica and Eagle Ford shales, the Permian Basin and the Bakken. Additionally, we have added significant capacity to our production services fleets, with a focus on increasing our presence in those regions where demand benefits from shale development.  
                
    Exposure to Oil and Liquids Rich Natural Gas Drilling Activity.   We believe that our flexible drilling and production services fleets allow us to pursue varied opportunities, enabling us to focus on a favorable mix of natural gas, oil and liquids rich natural gas activity. When natural gas prices fell to low levels, we increased our exposure to oil-related activities by redeploying certain of our assets into predominately oil-producing regions. As our industry recovers from the downturn that began in late 2014, we believe our fleets are highly capable and well positioned for deployment to whichever markets offer the most opportunity.  
      
  Liquidity and Capital Resources    
  Sources of Capital Resources 
  Our principal liquidity requirements have been for working capital needs, debt service, capital expenditures and selective acquisitions. Our principal sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents (which equaled     $9.7 million     as of     September 30, 2016  ), cash generated from operations  , proceeds from sales of certain non-strategic assets     and the unused portion of our senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ).    
  On     May 15, 2015  , we filed a registration statement that permits us to sell equity or debt in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount of     $300 million  . As of     September 30, 2016  , the entire     $300 million     under the shelf registration statement is available for equity or debt offerings, subject to the limitations imposed by our Revolving Credit Facility and Senior Notes.     We may consider equity and/or debt offerings, as appropriate, to meet our liquidity needs.    
  In     2014  , we issued     $300 million     of unregistered senior notes with a coupon interest rate of     6.125%     that are due in     2022     (the  Senior Notes )  .   In order to reduce our overall interest expense and lengthen the overall maturity of our senior indebtedness, during 2014, we redeemed all of our then outstanding     $425 million     of unregistered senior notes with a coupon interest rate of     9.875%     that were issued in 2010 and 2011 and were set to mature in     2018  ,   funded primarily by proceeds from the issuance of Senior Notes in 2014 and additional borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, as well as some cash on hand.    
  
   27 

Our Revolving Credit Facility,     as most recently amended on     June 30, 2016  ,   provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility, with sub-limits for letters of credit and swing-line loans, of up to an aggregate commitment amount of     $175 million  ,   with further reductions to     $150 million     not later than     December 31, 2017  , subject to availability under a borrowing base comprised of certain eligible cash, certain eligible receivables, certain eligible inventory, and certain eligible equipment of ours and certain of our subsidiaries, all of which matures in     March 2019  . As of   October 15, 2016  , we had   $111.5 million   outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility and   $17.3 million   in committed letters of credit, which resulted in borrowing availability of   $46.2 million   under our Revolving Credit Facility.   Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are available for selective acquisitions, working capital and other general corporate purposes.     There are no limitations on our ability to access the borrowing capacity provided there is no default, all representations and warranties are true and correct, and compliance with financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility is maintained.     Additional information regarding these covenants is provided in the   Debt Requirements   section below.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with our financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility.   However, continued compliance with our covenants is largely dependent on our ability to generate sufficient levels of EBITDA, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility, and/or reduce our debt levels. If we expect our future operating results to decline to a level that indicates we may become unable to comply with the financial covenants in the Revolving Credit Facility, we may seek to amend such provisions to remain in compliance or we may pursue other capital sources, such as other debt or equity transactions. Although we believe that our bank lenders are well-secured under the terms of our Revolving Credit Facility, there is no assurance that the bank lenders will waive or amend our financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
  We currently expect that cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations  , proceeds from sales of certain non-strategic assets     and available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility are adequate to cover our liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
  Uses of Capital Resources 
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we spent   $25.6 million   on purchases of property and equipment and placed into service property and equipment of   $24.0 million  . Currently, we expect to spend approximately   $30 million   to   $32 million   on capital expenditures during   2016  . We expect the total capital expenditures for   2016   will be allocated approximately   60%   for our Drilling Services Segment and approximately   40%   for our Production Services Segment. Our total planned capital expenditures for   2016     are limited to primarily routine capital expenditures, the remaining payments for the   new drilling   rigs     which we deployed in late 2015 and certain drilling equipment that was ordered in 2014 but requires a long lead time for delivery.    
  Actual capital expenditures may vary depending on the climate of our industry and any resulting increase or decrease in activity levels, the timing of commitments and payments, and the level of rig build and other expansion opportunities that meet our strategic and return on capital employed criteria.     We expect to fund     the remaining capital expenditures     in     2016     from operating cash flow in excess of our working capital requirements  , proceeds from sales of certain non-strategic assets     and from borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, if necessary.    
  Working Capital 
  Our working capital was     $36.1 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to     $45.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  .   Our current ratio, which we calculate by dividing current assets by current liabilities, was     1.7   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to     1.6   at   December 31, 2015  . 
  Our operations have historically generated cash flows sufficient to meet our requirements for debt service and normal capital expenditures. However, our working capital requirements generally increase during periods when rig construction projects are in progress, during periods of expansion in our production services business, or when higher percentages of our drilling contracts are turnkey contracts, at which times we are more likely to access capital through debt or equity financing.   During periods of sustained low activity and pricing, we may access additional capital through the use of available funds under our Revolving Credit Facility.   
  
   28 

The changes in the components of our working capital were as follows (amounts in thousands): 

The   decrease   in cash and cash equivalents during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   is primarily due to   $25.6 million     of cash used for purchases of property and equipment  ,   partially offset by     $12.0 million     of proceeds from issuance of debt,     $7.6 million     of cash provided by operating activities, which includes early termination payments received on certain drilling contracts, and     $2.7 million     of proceeds from the sale of assets  . 
  The net   decrease   in our total trade and unbilled receivables as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily the result of the   decrease   in consolidated revenues of   $36.1 million  , or   35%  , for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the quarter ended   December 31, 2015  . Our trade receivables generally turn over within 90 days. 
  The   increase   in our insurance recoveries receivables as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to an insurance claim receivable of   $3.1 million   for a drilling rig that was damaged during the second quarter of 2016. 
  The   decrease   in other receivables as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to a decrease in net income tax receivables for our Colombian operations and a decrease in receivables for vendor purchase rebates due to a decline in activity.  
  The   decrease   in inventory as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due   to a decline in activity for our wireline operations. 
  As of     September 30, 2016  , our     condensed consolidated     balance sheet reflects assets held for sale of   $6.2 million  , which primarily represents the fair value of     four     domestic mechanical and lower horsepower electric drilling rigs, other drilling equipment,     13     wireline units and certain coiled tubing equipment  . The four drilling rigs were classified as held for sale at   December 31, 2015  .  
  The   decrease   in prepaid expenses and other current assets as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to a decrease in prepaid insurance costs because most of the insurance premiums are paid in late  
  
   29 

October of each year, and therefore we had amortization of eleven months of these October premiums at   September 30, 2016  , as compared to two months at   December 31, 2015  . 
  The   decrease   in accounts payable as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to the   26%     decrease   in our operating costs for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the quarter ended   December 31, 2015  . Our accounts payable generally turn over within 90 days. 
  The   decrease   in deferred revenues as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily related to deferred revenue for early termination payments.   Revenues derived from rigs placed on standby or from the early termination of term drilling contracts are deferred and recognized as the amounts become fixed or determinable, over the remainder of the original term or when the rig is sold.   See   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   section for more detail. All of the contracts that were early terminated have expired as of   September 30, 2016   and   all the associated revenue from the early terminations has been recognized  . Deferred revenues as of   September 30, 2016   relate to payments received for the mobilization of our drilling rigs which are deferred and recognized on a straight line basis over the related contract term.  
  The   increase   in accrued payroll and related employee costs as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to the timing of pay periods and associated withholding and unemployment tax payments, as well as a $0.4 million increase in our accruals for annual bonuses, primarily due to better projected performance under this plan during 2016, as compared to 2015. The overall increase is partially offset by reduced benefit accruals and reductions in long-term incentive compensation due to reduced headcount.  
  The   decrease   in insurance premiums and deductibles as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to   a     decrease   in our health insurance costs resulting from   a     decrease   in our estimated liability for the deductibles under these policies, partly as a result of reduced headcount. 
  The   decrease   in our insurance claims and settlements accrued expenses as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to   a     decrease   in our insurance company s reserve for workers  compensation claims in excess of our deductibles. 
  The decrease in accrued interest expense as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to the payment of interest on our Senior Notes which is due semi-annually on March 15 and September 15. 
  The   increase   in other accrued expenses as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   December 31, 2015   is primarily due to an increase in our accrued liability for sales and use tax obligations.  
  Long-term Debt and Other Contractual Obligations    
  The following table includes information about the amount and timing of our contractual obligations at     September 30, 2016     (amounts in thousands):    

Debt obligations at   September 30, 2016     consist of     $300 million     of principal amount outstanding under our Senior Notes which mature on     March 15, 2022   and   $106.5 million     outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility which is due at maturity on     March 31, 2019  . As of   October 15, 2016  , we had   $111.5 million   outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility.   However, we may make principal payments to reduce the outstanding balance under our Revolving Credit Facility prior to maturity when cash and working capital is sufficient. 
  
   30 

Interest payment obligations on our Revolving Credit Facility are estimated based on (1) the     6.0%     interest rate that was in effect at     September 30, 2016  , and (2) the outstanding balance of     $106.5 million   at   September 30, 2016     to be paid at maturity on     March 31, 2019  .   Interest payment obligations on our Senior Notes are calculated based on the coupon interest rate of     6.125%     due semi-annually in arrears on     March 15   and   September 15     of each year. 
  Purchase commitments primarily relate to routine equipment maintenance and upgrades.  
  Operating leases consist of lease agreements for office space, operating facilities, equipment and personal property.       
  Incentive compensation is payable to our employees, generally contingent upon their continued employment through the date of each respective award s payout. A portion of our incentive compensation is performance-based and therefore the final amount will be determined based on our actual performance relative to a pre-determined peer group over the performance period.      
  Debt Requirements    
  The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary mandatory prepayments from the proceeds of certain asset dispositions or equity or debt issuances, which are applied to reduce outstanding revolving and swing-line loans and to cash-collateralize letter of credit exposure, and in certain cases, also reduce the commitment amount available  .   There are no limitations on our ability to access the borrowing capacity provided there is no default, all representations and warranties are true and correct, and compliance with financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility is maintained.    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with our financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility. Our senior consolidated leverage ratio was   3.1   to 1.0 and our interest coverage ratio was   1.6   to 1.0.   However, continued compliance with our covenants is largely dependent on our ability to generate sufficient levels of EBITDA, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility, and/or reduce our debt levels. If we expect our future operating results to decline to a level that indicates we may become unable to comply with the financial covenants in the Revolving Credit Facility, we may seek to amend such provisions to remain in compliance or we may pursue other capital sources, such as other debt or equity transactions. Although we believe that our bank lenders are well-secured under the terms of our Revolving Credit Facility, there is no assurance that the bank lenders will waive or amend our financial covenants under the Revolving Credit Facility.     
  The financial covenants contained in our Revolving Credit Facility include the following  , all of which are described in more detail in Note   4  ,   Debt  , of the Notes to   Condensed Consolidated     Financial Statements, included in   Part I, Item 1  ,     Financial Statements  , of this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q  :  
             
    A maximum senior consolidated leverage ratio, calculated as senior consolidated debt at the period end, which excludes unsecured and subordinated debt, divided by EBITDA for the trailing twelve month period at each quarter end, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility.    
                
    A minimum interest coverage ratio, calculated as EBITDA for the trailing twelve month period at each quarter end, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility, divided by interest expense for the same period.    
                
    A minimum EBITDA requirement, for the periods indicated, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility. 
     The Revolving Credit Facility also restricts capital expenditures, as further described in Note   4  ,   Debt  , of the Notes to   Condensed Consolidated     Financial Statements, included in   Part I, Item 1  ,     Financial Statements  , of this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q  .   
  The Revolving Credit Facility has additional restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to: 
             
    incur additional debt or make prepayments of existing debt; 
                
    create liens on or dispose of our assets; 
                
    pay dividends on stock or repurchase stock; 
                
    enter into acquisitions, mergers, consolidations, sale leaseback transactions, or hedging contracts; 
                
    make other restricted investments; and    
                
    conduct transactions with affiliates. 
     
   31 

In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including without limitation: 
             
    payment defaults; 
                
    breaches of representations and warranties; 
                
    covenant defaults; 
                
    cross-defaults to certain other material indebtedness in excess of specified amounts; 
                
    certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency; 
                
    judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts; 
                
    failure of any guaranty or security document supporting the credit agreement; and 
                
    change of control. 
     Our obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our domestic assets (including equity interests in Pioneer Global Holdings, Inc. and     65%     of the outstanding voting equity interests, and     100%     of non-voting equity interests, of any first-tier foreign subsidiaries owned by Pioneer Global Holdings, Inc., but excluding any equity interest in, and any assets of, Pioneer Services Holdings, LLC) and are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries, including Pioneer Global Holdings, Inc. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are available for acquisitions, working capital and other general corporate purposes.     
  In addition to the financial covenants under our Revolving Credit Facility, the Indenture governing our Senior Notes also contains certain restrictions which generally restrict our ability to: 
             
    pay dividends on stock, repurchase stock, redeem subordinated indebtedness or make other restricted payments and investments;    
                
    incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred or disqualified stock;    
                
    create liens on our assets;    
                
    enter into sale and leaseback transactions;    
                
    sell or transfer assets;    
                
    pay dividends, engage in loans, or transfer other assets from certain of our subsidiaries;    
                
    consolidate with or merge with or into, or sell all or substantially all of our properties to any other person;    
                
    enter into transactions with affiliates; and    
                
    enter into new lines of business  .  
     If we experience a change of control (as defined in the Indenture), we will be required to make an offer to each holder of the Senior Notes to repurchase all or any part of the Senior Notes at a purchase price equal to     101%     of the principal amount of each Senior Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of repurchase. If we engage in certain asset sales, within 365 days of such sale we will be required to use the net cash proceeds from such sale, to the extent we do not reinvest those proceeds in our business, to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to     100%     of the principal amount of each Senior Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date.    
  Our Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis by our existing domestic subsidiaries, except for Pioneer Services Holdings, LLC. The subsidiaries that generally operate our non-U.S. business concentrated in Colombia do not guarantee our Senior Notes. The non-guarantor subsidiaries do not have any payment obligations under the Senior Notes, the guarantees or the Indenture. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any non-guarantor subsidiary, such non-guarantor subsidiary will pay the holders of its debt and other liabilities, including its trade creditors, before it will be able to distribute any of its assets to us. In the future, any non-U.S. subsidiaries, immaterial subsidiaries and subsidiaries that we designate as unrestricted subsidiaries under the Indenture will not guarantee the Senior Notes. 
  Our Senior Notes are not subject to any sinking fund requirements. As of     September 30, 2016  , there were no restrictions on the ability of subsidiary guarantors to transfer funds to the parent company, and we were in compliance with all covenants pertaining to our Senior Notes. 
  
   32 

Results of Operations 
  Statements of Operations Analysis    
  The following table provides information about our operations for the     three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015     (amounts in thousands, except average number of drilling rigs, utilization rate and revenue day information).    

Drilling Services Segment margin represents contract drilling revenues less contract drilling operating costs. Production Services Segment margin represents production services revenue less production services operating costs. Drilling Services Segment margin and Production Services Segment margin are non-GAAP financial measures which we consider to be important supplemental measures of operating performance. Our management uses these measures to facilitate period-to-period comparisons in operating performance of our reportable segments. We believe that Drilling Services Segment margin and Production Services Segment margin are useful to investors and analysts because they provide a means to evaluate the operating performance of the segments on an ongoing basis using criteria that are used by our internal decision makers. Additionally, the use of these measures highlights operating trends and aids in analytical comparisons. Drilling Services Segment margin and Production Services Segment margin as presented may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures reported by other companies.    
  Adjusted EBITDA represents income (loss) before interest expense, income tax (expense) benefit, depreciation and amortization, loss on extinguishment of debt and impairments. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure that our management uses to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of our core operating performance and to evaluate our long-term financial performance against that of our peers. We believe that this measure is useful to investors and analysts in allowing for greater transparency of our core operating performance and makes it easier to compare our results with those of other companies within our industry. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered (a) in isolation of, or as a  
  
   33 

substitute for, net income (loss), (b) as an indication of cash flows from operating activities or (c) as a measure of liquidity. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA does not represent funds available for discretionary use. Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures reported by other companies.    
  A reconciliation of consolidated Drilling Services Segment margin and Production Services Segment margin to net income (loss), as reported, and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), as reported, are set forth in the following table.    

Both our Drilling Services and Production Services Segments experienced a significant decline in activity during the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  , due to the current downturn in our industry. Our combined margin   decreased     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  , primarily as a result of decreased activity and pricing pressure for all our service offerings. 
  Our Drilling Services Segment s revenues   decreased   by   $13.8 million  , or   33%  , and   $109.6 million  , or   55%  ,   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  , while operating costs   decreased   by   $3.2 million  , or   14%  , and   $66.1 million  , or   56%  , respectively. The decreases in our Drilling Services Segment s revenues and operating costs primarily resulted from a   51%     decrease   in revenue days due to the significant reduction in demand in our industry.  
  Demand for drilling rigs influences the types of drilling contracts we are able to obtain, and the type of revenues we earn under our drilling contracts. As a result of the downturn in our industry, several of our clients terminated a number of their drilling contracts with us. Drilling rigs under contracts which are terminated early earn lower standby revenue rates, as compared to daywork rates, and incur minimal operating costs. Alternatively, turnkey drilling contracts result in higher average revenues per day and higher average operating costs per day as compared to daywork drilling contracts, and are more frequently entered into during periods of higher demand. The following table provides the percentages of our drilling revenues by contract type for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

34 

For drilling contracts that were terminated early, the amount of drilling revenues and the number of revenue days for the   three and nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 

Our average revenues per day   decreased   by   $369   per day, or   1%  , while our average operating costs per day   increased   by   $3,876   per day, or   27%  , for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  , primarily due to the expiration of term contracts that were entered into in 2014 prior to the downturn, many of which were terminated early, resulting in a higher percentage of daywork revenue during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the corresponding period in 2015. Our average revenues per day   decreased   by   $2,321   per day, or   8%  , while our average operating costs per day   decreased   by   $1,613   per day, or   10%  , for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the corresponding period in   2015  , primarily due to reduced activity for our Colombian operations, for which we typically earn higher dayrates and incur higher operating costs per day.  
  Our Production Services Segment s revenues   decreased   by   $25.3 million  , or   38%  , and   $121.1 million  , or   51%  ,   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  , while operating costs   decreased   by   $16.7 million  , or   34%  , and   $75.0 million  , or   44%  , respectively. The decreases in our Production Services Segment s revenues and operating costs are a result of the significantly reduced demand for our services in response to the downturn in our industry, which led to decreased activity and increased pricing pressure for all our service offerings, especially our wireline services and coiled tubing operations. The number of wireline jobs we completed   decreased   by   10%   and   24%     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  . The total rig hours for our well servicing fleet   decreased   by   32%   and   7%  ,   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  . Our coiled tubing utilization   decreased   to   22%   for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 from   25%   and   28%   during   the corresponding periods in 2015  .  
  In response to the downturn in our industry, we took several actions to reduce costs and better scale our business to the reduced revenues. We reduced our total headcount by approximately   61%   since   the beginning of 2015  . We reduced wage rates for our operations personnel, reduced incentive compensation and eliminated certain employment benefits. We closed a total of   ten     field   offices since   the beginning of 2015   to reduce overhead and reduce associated lease payments, amended our revolving credit facility, with the latest amendment in June 2016, and sold   32   drilling rigs and other drilling equipment in 2015 for aggregate net proceeds of   $53.6 million  .   As of     September 30, 2016  , we have   four   additional domestic mechanical and lower horsepower electric drilling rigs held for sale, along with other drilling equipment,   13     wireline units and certain coiled tubing equipment  .     
  Our general and administrative expense   decreased   by   $2.4 million  , or   14%  , and   $10.8 million  , or   19%  ,   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  . These decreases are primarily due to a decrease in compensation and benefit costs during 2016 of   $6.0 million  , resulting primarily from the reduction in our workforce and reduced employee benefits, and other efforts taken to minimize various administrative costs such as office and rent expenses and travel. 
  Our   gains   of   $0.4 million   on the disposition of property and equipment during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   was primarily related to a gain on the disposal of excess drill pipe which was mostly offset by a loss on the disposition of damaged drilling equipment. Our   gains   of   $2.6 million   on the disposition of property and equipment during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015   was primarily for the sale of   28   of our mechanical and lower horsepower electric drilling rigs and other drilling equipment. 
  The   increase   in our other   income   is primarily related to net foreign currency   gains   recognized for our Colombian operations during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to net foreign currency   losses   during   2015  . 
  Our depreciation and amortization expense   decreased   by   $6.6 million   and   $28.1 million     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  , primarily as a result of the impairment charges during 2015 to reduce the carrying values of certain drilling rigs, coiled tubing equipment  
  
   35 

and intangible assets to their estimated fair values, and the sales of drilling rigs and equipment during 2015. During the   nine months ended September 31, 2015  , we recognized   $8.8 million   of depreciation on drilling rigs which were subsequently sold or placed as held for sale, and   $2.8 million   for the amortization of coiled tubing intangible assets which were impaired to zero at the end of 2015. The overall decrease in our depreciation expense was partially offset by   $6.0 million   of additional depreciation recognized during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   for the five new drilling rigs which we deployed in   2015  . 
  During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  , we recognized impairment charges of   $4.3 million  , primarily to reduce the carrying values of certain assets which were classified as held for sale, to their estimated fair value based on expected sales prices. During the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  , we recognized impairment charges of   $79.6 million  . For more detail, see Note   2  ,   Property and Equipment  , of the Notes to   Condensed Consolidated     Financial Statements, included in   Part I, Item 1  ,     Financial Statements  , of this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q  . 
  Our interest expense   increased   by   $1.7 million   and   $3.6 million     for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to   the corresponding periods in 2015  , primarily due to the increased interest rate under our Revolving Credit Facility which was amended in late 2015 and again in June 2016. 
  Our effective income tax rate for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016   was   6%  , which is   lower   than the federal statutory rate in the United States primarily due to valuation allowances, the effect of foreign currency translation, state taxes, and other permanent differences. For more detail about the valuation allowances, see Note   3  ,   Valuation Allowances on Deferred Tax Assets  , of the Notes to   Condensed Consolidated     Financial Statements, included in   Part I, Item 1  ,     Financial Statements  , of this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q  . 
  Inflation 
  Wage rates for our operations personnel are impacted by inflationary pressures when the demand for drilling and production services increases and the availability of personnel is scarce. Costs for equipment repairs and maintenance, upgrades and new equipment construction are also impacted by inflationary pressures when the demand for drilling services increases. As a result of the significantly reduced activity levels in our industry during 2015, we estimate that we experienced a moderate decrease in both wage rates and equipment costs during 2015 for both our Drilling and Production Services Segments, with similar decreases in 2016 as well.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies since the date of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Revenue and Cost Recognition     Our Drilling Services Segment earns revenues by drilling oil and gas wells for our clients under daywork or turnkey contracts, which usually provide for the drilling of a single well. Drilling contracts for individual wells are usually completed in less than     30     days. We recognize revenues on daywork contracts for the days completed based on the dayrate each contract specifies. We recognize revenues from our turnkey contracts on the proportional performance basis, based on our estimate of the number of days to complete each contract. All of our revenues are recognized net of applicable sales taxes.      
  With most drilling contracts, we receive payments contractually designated for the mobilization of rigs and other equipment. Payments received, and costs incurred for the mobilization services are deferred and recognized on a straight line basis over the related contract term. Costs incurred to relocate rigs and other drilling equipment to areas in which a contract has not been secured are expensed as incurred. Reimbursements that we receive for out-of-pocket expenses are recorded as revenue and the out-of-pocket expenses for which they relate are recorded as operating costs. 
  
   36 

With most term drilling contracts, we are entitled to receive a full or reduced rate of revenue from our clients if they choose to place a rig on standby or to early terminate the contract before its original expiration term. Generally, these revenues are billed and collected over the remaining term of the contract, as the rig is often placed on standby rather than fully released from the contract, and thus may go back to work at the client s decision any time before the end of the contract. Some of our drilling contracts contain  make-whole  provisions whereby if we are able to secure additional work for the rig with another client, then each party is entitled to a make-whole payment. If the dayrates under the new contract are less than the dayrates in the original contract, we would be entitled to a reduced revenue dayrate from the terminating client, and likewise, the terminating client may be entitled to a payment from us if the new contract dayrates exceed those of the original contract. A client may also choose to early terminate the contract and make an upfront early termination payment based on a per day rate for the remaining term of the contract.     Revenues derived from rigs placed on standby or from the early termination of term drilling contracts are deferred and recognized as the amounts become fixed or determinable, over the remainder of the original term or when the rig is sold. 
  Our Production Services Segment earns revenues for well servicing, wireline services and coiled tubing services pursuant to master services agreements based on purchase orders, contracts or other arrangements with the client that include fixed or determinable prices. Production services jobs are generally short-term and are charged at current market rates. Production service revenue is recognized when the service has been rendered and collectability is reasonably assured.    
  Long-lived tangible and intangible assets   We evaluate for potential impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets subject to amortization when indicators of impairment are present.     Circumstances that could indicate a potential impairment include significant adverse changes in industry trends, economic climate, legal factors, and an adverse action or assessment by a regulator. More specifically, significant adverse changes in industry trends include significant declines in revenue rates, utilization rates, oil and natural gas market prices and industry rig counts.     In performing an impairment evaluation, we estimate the future undiscounted net cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of long-lived tangible and intangible assets grouped at the lowest level that cash flows can be identified. For our Production Services Segment, we perform an impairment evaluation and estimate future undiscounted cash flows for the individual reporting units (well servicing, wireline and coiled tubing).     For our Drilling Services Segment, we perform an impairment evaluation and estimate future undiscounted cash flows for individual domestic drilling rig assets and for our Colombian drilling rig assets as a group.     If the sum of the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset group, then we determine the fair value of the asset group. The amount of an impairment charge is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the assets.     The assumptions used in the impairment evaluation for long-lived assets are inherently uncertain and require management judgment.    
  Deferred taxes   We provide deferred taxes for the basis differences in our property and equipment between financial reporting and tax reporting purposes and other costs such as compensation, net operating loss carryforwards, employee benefit and other accrued liabilities which are deducted in different periods for financial reporting and tax reporting purposes. For property and equipment, basis differences arise from differences in depreciation periods and methods and the value of assets acquired in a business acquisition where we acquire an entity rather than just its assets. For financial reporting purposes, we depreciate the various components of our drilling rigs, well servicing rigs, wireline units and coiled tubing units over   1 to 25   years and refurbishments over   3 to 5   years, while federal income tax rules require that we depreciate drilling rigs, well servicing rigs, wireline units and coiled tubing units over   5   years. Therefore, in the first   5   years of our ownership of a drilling rig, well servicing rig, wireline unit or coiled tubing unit, our tax depreciation exceeds our financial reporting depreciation, resulting in our providing deferred taxes on this depreciation difference. After   5   years, financial reporting depreciation exceeds tax depreciation, and the deferred tax liability begins to reverse. 
     Accounting estimates     Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant changes in the near term relate to our recognition of revenues and costs for turnkey contracts, our estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts, our determination of depreciation and amortization expenses, our estimates of projected cash flows and fair values for impairment evaluations, our estimate of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, our estimate of the liability relating to the self-insurance portion of our health and workers  compensation insurance, our estimate of compensation related accruals and our estimate of sales tax audit liability.    
  
   37 

We consider the recognition of revenues and costs on turnkey contracts to be critical accounting estimates. For these types of contracts, we recognize revenues and accrue estimated costs based on our estimate of the number of days to complete each contract and our estimate of the total costs to complete the contract. Revenues and costs during a reporting period could be affected for contracts in progress at the end of a reporting period which have not been completed before our financial statements for that period are released. If we anticipate a loss on a contract in progress due to a change in our cost estimate, we accrue the entire amount of the estimated loss, including all costs that are included in our revised estimated cost to complete that contract, in our consolidated statement of operations for that reporting period. However, our actual costs could substantially exceed our estimated costs if we encounter problems while completing services on contracts still in progress at the end of a reporting period. We did not experience a loss on any of the turnkey contracts completed during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . We incurred a total loss of   $0.5 million   on   3   of the   17   turnkey contracts completed during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   turnkey contracts in progress. 
  We estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the creditworthiness of our clients as well as general economic conditions. We evaluate the creditworthiness of our clients based on commercial credit reports, trade references, bank references, financial information, production information and any past experience we have with the client. Consequently, any change in those factors could affect our estimate of our allowance for doubtful accounts. In some instances, we require new clients to establish escrow accounts or make prepayments. We had an allowance for doubtful accounts of   $1.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Our determination of the useful lives of our depreciable assets, which directly affects our determination of depreciation expense and deferred taxes is also a critical accounting estimate. A decrease in the useful life of our property and equipment would increase depreciation expense and reduce deferred taxes. We provide for depreciation of our drilling, production, transportation and other equipment on a straight-line method over useful lives that we have estimated and that range from   1 to 25   years. We record the same depreciation expense whether a drilling rig, well servicing rig, wireline unit or coiled tubing unit is idle or working. Our estimates of the useful lives of our drilling, production, transportation and other equipment are based on our more than   45   years of experience in the oilfield services industry with similar equipment. 
  We evaluate for potential impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets subject to amortization when indicators of impairment are present.     Despite the modest recovery in commodity prices in recent months, we continue to monitor all indicators of potential impairments in accordance with ASC Topic 360,   Property, Plant and Equipment.    
  Due to lower than anticipated operating results in 2016 and a decline in our projected cash flows for the coiled tubing reporting unit, we performed an impairment analysis of our coiled tubing long-lived assets which indicated that our projected net undiscounted cash flows associated with the coiled tubing reporting unit were in excess of the net carrying value of the assets, and thus no impairment was present at     September 30, 2016  .   The most significant inputs used in our impairment analysis of our coiled tubing operations include the projected utilization and pricing of our coiled tubing services, which are classified as Level 3 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  . 
  The assumptions used in the impairment evaluation for long-lived assets are inherently uncertain and require management judgment.     Although we believe the assumptions and estimates used in our analysis are reasonable and appropriate, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact the analysis and resulting conclusions.     If the demand for our drilling services remains at current levels or declines further and any of our rigs become or remain idle for an extended amount of time, then our estimated cash flows may further decrease, and the probability of a near term sale may increase. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we may incur additional impairment charges.    
  
   38 

As of     September 30, 2016  , we had   $97.5 million     of deferred tax assets related to domestic and foreign net operating losses that are available to reduce future taxable income.     In assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.     As of     September 30, 2016  , we determined that a valuation allowance should be recorded for a portion of our domestic deferred tax assets, which has been factored into the estimated annual tax rate to be applied throughout 2016, and is the primary factor causing our effective tax rate to be significantly lower than the statutory rate of 35%.   We also have a valuation allowance that fully offsets our     $21.3 million     of foreign deferred tax assets  . For more information, see Note   3  ,   Valuation Allowances on Deferred Tax Assets  , of the Notes to   Condensed Consolidated     Financial Statements, included in   Part I, Item 1  ,     Financial Statements  , of this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q  . 
  Our accrued insurance premiums and deductibles as of   September 30, 2016   include accruals for costs incurred under the self-insurance portion of our health insurance of approximately   $1.7 million   and our workers  compensation, general liability and auto liability insurance of approximately   $4.7 million  . We have stop-loss coverage of   $200,000   per covered individual per year under our health insurance and a deductible of   $500,000   per occurrence under our workers  compensation insurance. We have a deductible of   $250,000   per occurrence under both our general liability insurance and auto liability insurance. We accrue for these costs as claims are incurred using an actuarial calculation that is based on industry and our company s historical claim development data, and we accrue the costs of administrative services associated with claims processing.  
  Our compensation expense includes estimates for certain of our long-term incentive compensation plans which have performance-based award components dependent upon our performance over a set performance period, as compared to the performance of a pre-defined peer group. The accruals for these awards include estimates which affect our compensation expense, employee related accruals and equity. The accruals are adjusted based on actual achievement levels at the end of the pre-determined performance periods. 
  We have received an increased number of notices in recent years from state taxing authorities for audits of sales and use tax obligations. We are currently undergoing sales and use tax audits for multi-year periods and we are working to resolve all relevant issues.   As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   our accrued liability was     $1.5 million   and   $0.6 million  ,   respectively, based on our estimate of the sales and use tax obligations that are expected to result from these audits  .   Due to the inherent uncertainty of the audit process, we believe that it is reasonably possible that we may incur additional tax assessments with respect to one or more of the audits in excess of the amount accrued. We believe that such an outcome would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. Because certain of these audits are in a preliminary stage, an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss from an adverse result in all or substantially all of these cases cannot reasonably be made.    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  For a detail of recently issued accounting standards, see Note 1,   Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  ,   of the Notes to   Condensed Consolidated     Financial Statements, included in   Part I, Item 1  ,     Financial Statements  , of this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q  . 
   
           Item   3  . 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     Interest Rate Risk  
  We are subject to interest rate market risk on our variable rate debt. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $106.5 million   outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility, which is our only variable rate debt. The impact of a hypothetical 1% increase or decrease in interest rates on this amount of debt would have resulted in a corresponding increase or decrease, respectively, in interest expense of approximately   $0.8 million  , and a corresponding increase or decrease, respectively, in net income of approximately   $0.5 million   during the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . This potential increase or decrease is based on the simplified assumption that the level of variable rate debt remains constant with an immediate across-the-board interest rate increase or decrease as of January 1,   2016  .  
  Foreign Currency Risk 
  While the U.S. dollar is the functional currency for reporting purposes for our Colombian operations, we enter into transactions denominated in Colombian pesos. Nonmonetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical rates and monetary assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. Income statement accounts are translated at average rates for the period. As a result, Colombian Peso denominated transactions are affected by changes in exchange rates. We generally accept the exposure to exchange rate movements without using derivative financial instruments to manage this risk. Therefore, both positive and negative movements in the Colombian Peso currency exchange rate against the U.S. dollar have and will continue to affect the reported amount of revenues, expenses, profit, and assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   39 

The impact of currency rate changes on our Colombian Peso denominated transactions and balances resulted in foreign currency   gains   of   $0.5 million   for the   nine months   ended   September 30, 2016  . 
   
           Item   4  . 
    Controls and Procedures  
     In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  , to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  In the ordinary course of business, we may make changes to our systems and processes to improve controls and increase efficiency, and make changes to our internal controls over financial reporting in order to ensure that we maintain an effective internal control environment. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

40 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           Item   1  . 
    Legal Proceedings 
     Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities, including workers  compensation claims and employment-related disputes. In the opinion of our management, none of the pending litigation, disputes or claims against us will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.  

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     Not applicable. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     We did not make any unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . We did not repurchase any common shares during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
       
   Not applicable. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not applicable. 

Item   5  . 
    Other Information 
     Not applicable. 
  
   41 

Item   6  . 
    Exhibits 
     The following documents are exhibits to this   Form 10-Q  : 

*    Incorporated by reference to the filing indicated. 
  **    Filed herewith. 
  #    Furnished herewith. 

42 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
               PIONEER ENERGY SERVICES CORP. 
        
      /s/ Lorne E. Phillips 
      Lorne E. Phillips 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 

Dated:   November 1, 2016    

43 

Index to Exhibits 
  The following documents are exhibits to this   Form 10-Q  : 

*    Incorporated by reference to the filing indicated. 
  **    Filed herewith. 
  #    Furnished herewith. 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3113q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  I, Wm. Stacy Locke, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   quarterly   report on   Form 10-Q   of Pioneer Energy Services Corp.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  November 1, 2016    
               /s/ Wm. Stacy Locke 
      Wm. Stacy Locke 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit3123q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  I, Lorne E. Phillips, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   quarterly   report on   Form 10-Q   of Pioneer Energy Services Corp.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     November 1, 2016    
               /s/ Lorne E. Phillips 
      Lorne E. Phillips 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit3213q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Officer s Certification Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  (18 U.S.C 1350) 
  In connection with the   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q   of Pioneer Energy Services Corp., a Texas corporation, (the  Company ) for the   quarter   ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Wm. Stacy Locke, President and Chief Executive Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
  (1) The Report is in full compliance with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Dated: 
    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Wm. Stacy Locke 

Wm. Stacy Locke 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit3223q2016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  Officer s Certification Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  (18 U.S.C 1350) 
  In connection with the   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q   of Pioneer Energy Services Corp., a Texas corporation, (the  Company ) for the   quarter   ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Lorne E. Phillips, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of his knowledge: 
  (1) The Report is in full compliance with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Dated: 
    November 1, 2016 
    /s/ Lorne E. Phillips 

Lorne E. Phillips 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pes-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pes-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pes-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pes-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pes-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pes-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

