<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1046102_0001279569-16-004661_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14735808</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>698319</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>567648</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4511921</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5902958</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2771689</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>255</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001279569-16-004661.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109171212
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001279569-16-004661
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001046102
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13425
		FILM NUMBER:		161985134

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9500 GLENLYON PARKWAY
		CITY:			BURNABY
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5J 0C6
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7783315500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9500 GLENLYON PARKWAY
		CITY:			BURNABY
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5J 0C6

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001279569-16-004661.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v452443_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

Commission
file number: 001-13425   

Ritchie
Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated   

   (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)  

Canada   
         
       N/A    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
    or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

9500 Glenlyon Parkway   

Burnaby,
    British Columbia, Canada    
         
       V5J 0C6    
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
         
      (Zip Code)   

(778)
331-5500   

  (Registrant s
Telephone Number, including Area Code)  

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     No

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes
    No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.  See
definition of  Accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one):  

        Large
Accelerated Filer         Accelerated Filer        Non-Accelerated
Filer        Smaller Reporting Company      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):  

  Yes   
 No      

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date: 106,679,740
common shares, without par value, outstanding as of November 8, 2016.  

RITCHIE
BROS. AUCTIONEERS INCORPORATED   

   FORM 10-Q   

   For the
quarter ended September 30, 2016   

INDEX  

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements        
      1   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
 
      ITEM 1:       
       Consolidated Financial Statements        
      3   
 
      ITEM 2:       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        
      41   
 
      ITEM 3:       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        
      78   
 
      ITEM 4:       
       Controls and Procedures        
      78   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    
 
      ITEM 1:       
       Legal Proceedings        
      79   
 
      ITEM 1A:       
       Risk Factors        
      79   
 
      ITEM 2:       
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds        
      81   
 
      ITEM 6:       
       Exhibits        
      82   

SIGNATURES    

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

The information discussed in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated ( Ritchie Bros. , the  Company ,
 we  or  us ) includes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 (the  Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
 Exchange Act ) and Canadian securities laws. These statements are based on our current expectations and estimates
about our business and markets, and include, among others, statements relating to:  

our
                                         future strategy, objectives, targets, projections, and performance;     

our
                                         ability to drive shareholder value;    

market
                                         opportunities;    

our
                                         internet initiatives and the level of participation in our auctions by internet bidders,
                                         and the success of EquipmentOne and our other online marketplaces;     

our
                                         ability to grow our core auction business, including our ability to increase our market
                                         share among traditional customer groups, including those in the used equipment market,
                                         and do more business with new customer groups in new sectors;     

the
                                         impact of our new initiatives, services, investments, and acquisitions on us and our
                                         customers;    

our
                                         ability to integrate our acquisitions;    

potential
                                         future mergers and acquisitions, including the planned merger of Ritchie Bros. and IronPlanet
                                         Holdings, Inc.;    

ability
                                         for the planned merger of Ritchie Bros. and IronPlanet Holdings, Inc. to accelerate our
                                         customer-centric, multi-channel diversification strategy, enhance online offerings, penetrate
                                         into larger, additional sectors, and significantly increase our revenue and net income
                                         using the strength of our balance sheet;    

potential
                                         future strategic alliances, including the planned alliance between Ritchie Bros., IronPlanet,
                                         Inc., and Caterpillar Inc.    

ability
                                         for the planned alliance between Ritchie Bros., IronPlanet, Inc., and Caterpillar Inc.
                                         to significantly strengthen our relationship with Caterpillar dealers;    

our
                                         ability to add new business and information solutions, including, among others, our ability
                                         to maximize and integrate technology to enhance our existing services and support additional
                                         value-added service offerings;    

the
                                         effect of Original Equipment Manufacturer production on our Gross Auction Proceeds ( GAP )
                                         (as defined under  Part I, Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of
                                         Financial Condition and Results of Operations );    

the
                                         supply trend of equipment in the market and the anticipated price environment for late
                                         model equipment, as well as the resulting effect on our business and GAP;    

the
                                         growth potential of Ritchie Bros. Financial Services, as well as expectations towards
                                         and significance of its service offerings and geographical expansion in the near future;    

fluctuations
                                         in our quarterly revenues and operating performance resulting from the seasonality of
                                         our business;    

our
                                         ability to grow our sales force, minimize turnover, and improve Sales Force Productivity
                                         (as described below);    

our
                                         ability to implement new performance measurement metrics to gauge our effectiveness and
                                         progress;    

the
                                         relative percentage of GAP represented by straight commission or underwritten (guarantee
                                         and inventory) contracts, and its impact on revenues and profitability;    

our
                                         Revenue Rates (as described below), the sustainability of those rates, the impact of
                                         our commission rate and fee changes, and the seasonality of GAP and revenues;    

our
                                         future capital expenditures and returns on those expenditures;    

the
                                         proportion of our revenues, operating expenses, and operating income denominated in currencies
                                         other than the United States ( U.S. ) dollar or the effect of any currency
                                         exchange and interest rate fluctuations on our results of operations;     

Ritchie Bros.      1    

financing
                                         available to us, our ability to refinance borrowings, and the sufficiency of our working
                                         capital to meet our financial needs; and    

our
                                         ability to satisfy our present operating requirements and fund future growth through
                                         existing working capital and credit facilities.    

Forward-looking statements are
typically identified by such words as  anticipate ,  believe ,  could ,  continue ,
 estimate ,  expect ,  intend ,  may ,  ongoing ,  plan ,
 potential ,  predict ,  will ,  should ,  would ,  could ,
 likely ,  generally ,  future ,  period to period ,  long-term ,
or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.  

While we have not described all
potential risks related to our business and owning our common shares, the important factors discussed in  Part II, Item
1A: Risk Factors  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in  Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors  of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which is available on our website at    www.rbauction.com   ,
on EDGAR at    www.sec.gov   , or on SEDAR at    www.sedar.com   ,
are among those that we consider may affect our performance materially or could cause our actual financial and operational results
to differ significantly from our expectations. Except as required by applicable securities law and regulations of relevant securities
exchanges, we do not intend to update publicly any forward-looking statements, even if our expectations have been affected by
new information, future events or other developments. You should consider our forward-looking statements in light of the factors
listed or referenced under  Risk Factors  herein and other relevant factors.  

Ritchie Bros.      2    

PART
I   

ITEM
                            1:      CONDENSED
                                         CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Condensed
Consolidated Income Statements   

  (Expressed in thousands of United
States dollars, except where noted)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the
condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Ritchie Bros.      3    

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income    

  (Expressed in thousands of United
States dollars)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the
condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Ritchie Bros.      4    

Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets   

  (Expressed in thousands of United
States dollars, except share data)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the
condensed consolidated financial statements  

Ritchie Bros.      5    

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   

  (Expressed in thousands of United
States dollars, except where noted)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the
condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Ritchie Bros.      6    

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

  (Expressed in thousands of United
States dollars)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to the
condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Ritchie Bros.      7    

         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

1. General
information   

Ritchie Bros.
Auctioneers Incorporated and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the  Company ) provide asset management
and disposition services for the construction, agricultural, transportation, energy, mining, forestry, material handling, marine
and real estate industries through its unreserved auctions, online marketplace services, value-added services and listing and
software services. Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated is a company incorporated in Canada under the Canada Business Corporations
Act, whose shares are publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange ( TSX ) and the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ).  

2. Significant accounting
policies   

(a)      Basis
                                         of preparation   

These unaudited
condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting
principles ( US GAAP ). They include the accounts of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated and its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to as the  Company ) from their respective dates of formation or acquisition. All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated.  

Certain information
and footnote disclosure required by US GAAP for complete annual financial statements have been omitted and, therefore, these condensed
consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities
Exchange Commission ( SEC ). A selection of the accounting policies for which there has been a change since the annual
consolidated financial statements are set out below. In the opinion of management, these unaudited condensed consolidated interim
financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which are necessary to present fairly,
in all material respects, the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and changes in
equity for the interim periods presented. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.  

Previously,
the Company prepared its consolidated financial statements under International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS )
as permitted by securities regulators in Canada, as well as in the United States under the status of a Foreign Private Issuer
as defined by the United States SEC. At the end of the second quarter of 2015, the Company determined that it no longer qualified
as a Foreign Private Issuer under the SEC rules. As a result, beginning January 1, 2016 the Company was required to report with
the SEC on domestic forms and comply with domestic company rules in the United States. The transition to US GAAP was made retrospectively
for all periods from the Company s inception.  

(b)      Revenue
                                         recognition   

Revenues are
comprised of:  

commissions
                                         earned at our auctions through the Company acting as an agent for consignors of equipment
                                         and other assets, as well as commissions on online marketplace sales, and     

fees
                                         earned in the process of conducting auctions through all our auction channels and from
                                         value-added services, as well as subscription revenues from our listing and software
                                         services.    

The Company
recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the
price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. For auction or online marketplace sales, revenue is
recognized when the auction or online marketplace sale is complete and the Company has determined that the sale proceeds are collectible.
Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable and is shown net of value-added tax and duties.  

Ritchie Bros.      8    

         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

2. Significant
accounting policies (continued)   

(b)      Revenue
                                         recognition (continued)   

Commissions
from sales at our auctions represent the percentage earned by the Company on the gross auction proceeds from equipment and other
assets sold at auction. The majority of commissions are earned as a pre-negotiated fixed rate of the gross selling price. Other
commissions from sales at our auctions are earned from underwritten commission contracts, when the Company guarantees a certain
level of proceeds to a consignor or purchases inventory to be sold at auction. Commissions also include those earned on online
marketplace sales.  

Commissions
from sales at auction    

  The Company
accepts equipment and other assets on consignment or takes title for a short period of time prior to auction, stimulates buyer
interest through professional marketing techniques, and matches sellers (also known as consignors) to buyers through the auction
or private sale process.  

In its role
as auctioneer, the Company matches buyers to sellers of equipment on consignment, as well as to inventory held by the Company,
through the auction process. Following the auction, the Company invoices the buyer for the purchase price of the property, collects
payment from the buyer, and where applicable, remits to the consignor the net sale proceeds after deducting its commissions, expenses
and applicable taxes. Commissions are calculated as a percentage of the hammer price of the property sold at auction.  

On the fall
of the auctioneer s hammer, the highest bidder becomes legally obligated to pay the full purchase price, which is the hammer
price of the property purchased and the seller is legally obligated to relinquish the property in exchange for the hammer price
less any seller s commissions. Commission revenue is recognized on the date of the auction sale upon the fall of the auctioneer s
hammer, which is the point in time when the Company has substantially accomplished what it must do to be entitled to the benefits
represented by the commission revenue. Subsequent to the date of the auction sale, the Company s remaining obligations for
its auction services relate only to the collection of the purchase price from the buyer and the remittance of the net sale proceeds
to the seller.  

Under the standard
terms and conditions of its auction sales, the Company is not obligated to pay a consignor for property that has not been paid
for by the buyer, provided that the property has not been released to the buyer. In the rare event where a buyer refuses to take
title of the property, the sale is cancelled in the period in which the determination is made, and the property is returned to
the consignor. Historically, cancelled sales have not been material in relation to the aggregate hammer price of property sold
at auction.  

Commission
revenues are recorded net of commissions owed to third parties, which are principally the result of situations when the commission
is shared with a consignor or with the counterparty in an auction guarantee risk and reward sharing arrangement. Additionally,
in certain situations, commissions are shared with third parties who introduce the Company to consignors who sell property at
auction.  

Underwritten
commission contracts can take the form of guarantee or inventory contracts. Guarantee contracts typically include a pre-negotiated
percentage of the guaranteed gross proceeds plus a percentage of proceeds in excess of the guaranteed amount. If actual auction
proceeds are less than the guaranteed amount, commission is reduced; if proceeds are sufficiently lower, the Company can incur
a loss on the sale. Losses, if any, resulting from guarantee contracts are recorded in the period in which the relevant auction
is completed. If a loss relating to a guarantee contract held at the period end to be sold after the period end is known or is
probable and estimable at the financial statement reporting date, the loss is accrued in the financial statements for that period.
The Company s exposure from these guarantee contracts fluctuates over time (note 24).  

Ritchie Bros.      9    

         Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

2. Significant
accounting policies (continued)   

(b)      Revenue
                                         recognition (continued)   

Revenues related
to inventory contracts are recognized in the period in which the sale is completed, title to the property passes to the purchaser
and the Company has fulfilled any other obligations that may be relevant to the transaction, including, but not limited to, delivery
of the property. Revenue from inventory sales is presented net of costs within revenues on the income statement, as the Company
takes title only for a short period of time and the risks and rewards of ownership are not substantially different than the Company s
other underwritten commission contracts.  

Fees    

  Fees earned
in the process of conducting our auctions include administrative, documentation, and advertising fees. Fees from value-added services
include financing and technology service fees. Fees also include subscription revenues from our listing and software services,
as well as amounts paid by buyers (a  buyer s premium ) on online marketplace sales. Fees are recognized in
the period in which the service is provided to the customer.  

(c)      Costs
                                         of services, excluding depreciation and amortization expenses   

Costs of services are comprised
of expenses incurred in direct relation to conducting auctions ( direct expenses ), earning online marketplace revenues,
and earning other fee revenues. Direct expenses include direct labour, buildings and facilities charges, and travel, advertising
and promotion costs. Costs of services incurred to earn online marketplace revenues include inventory management, referral, inspection,
sampling, and appraisal fees. Costs of services incurred in earning other fee revenues include direct labour (including commissions
on sales), software maintenance fees, and materials. Costs of services exclude depreciation and amortization expenses. In comparative
periods, costs of services consisted entirely of direct expenses. As a result of the Xcira LLC ( Xcira ) and Mascus
International Holdings BV ( Mascus ) acquisitions, significant other costs of services are now incurred in earning
our revenues (note 25).  

(d)      Share-based
                                         payments   

The Company classifies a share-based
payment award as an equity or liability payment based on the substantive terms of the award and any related arrangement.  

Equity-classified
share-based payments    

  The Company
has a stock option compensation plan that provides for the award of stock options to selected employees, directors and officers
of the Company. The cost of options granted is measured at the fair value of the underlying option at the grant date using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company also has a senior executive performance share unit ( PSU ) plan that
provides for the award of PSUs to selected senior executives of the Company. The Company has the option to settle executive PSU
awards in cash or shares and expects to settle them in shares. The cost of PSUs granted is measured at the fair value of the underlying
PSUs at the grant date using a binomial model.  

This fair value
of awards expected to vest under these plans is expensed over the respective remaining service period of the individual awards,
on a straight-line basis, with recognition of a corresponding increase to APIC in equity. At the end of each reporting period,
the Company revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest. The impact of the revision of the original
estimates, if any, is recognized in earnings, such that the consolidated expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding
adjustment to equity.  

Any consideration
paid on exercise of the stock options is credited to the common shares together with any related compensation recognized for the
award. Dividend equivalents on the senior executive plan PSUs are recognized as a reduction to retained earnings over the service
period.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

2. Significant
accounting policies (continued)   

(d)      Share-based
                                         payments (continued)   

Equity-classified
share-based payments (continued)    

  PSUs awarded
under the senior executive and employee PSU plans (described in note 22) are contingently redeemable in cash in the event of death
of the participant. The contingently redeemable portion of the senior executive PSU awards, which represents the amount that would
be redeemable based on the conditions at the date of grant, to the extent attributable to prior service, is recognized as temporary
equity. The balance reported in temporary equity increases on the same basis as the related compensation expense over the service
period of the award, with any excess of the temporary equity value over the amount recognized in compensation expense charged
against retained earnings. In the event it becomes probable an award is going to become eligible for redemption by the holder,
the award would be reclassified to a liability award.  

Liability-classified
share-based payments    

  The Company
maintains other share unit compensation plans that vest over a period of up to five years after grant. Under those plans, the
Company is either required or expects to settle vested awards on a cash basis or by providing cash to acquire shares on the open
market on the employee s behalf, where the settlement amount is determined using the volume weighted average price of the
Company s common shares for the twenty days prior to the vesting date or, in the case of deferred share unit ( DSU )
recipients, following cessation of service on the Board of Directors.  

These awards
are classified as liability awards, measured at fair value at the date of grant and re-measured at fair value at each reporting
date up to and including the settlement date. The determination of the fair value of the share units under these plans is described
in note 22. The fair value of the awards is expensed over the respective vesting period of the individual awards with recognition
of a corresponding liability. Changes in fair value after vesting are recognized through compensation expense. Compensation expense
reflects estimates of the number of instruments expected to vest.  

The impact
of fair value and forfeiture estimate revisions, if any, are recognized in earnings such that the cumulative expense reflects
the revised estimates, with a corresponding adjustment to the settlement liability. Liability-classified share unit liabilities
due within 12 months of the reporting date are presented in trade and other payables while settlements due beyond 12 months of
the reporting date are presented in non-current liabilities.  

Employee
share purchase plan    

  The Company
matches employees  contributions to the share purchase plan, which is described in more detail in note 22. The Company s
contributions are expensed as share-based compensation.  

(e)      New
                                         and amended accounting standards     

(i)    Effective
                                         January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2014-12,    Compensation
                                           Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the
                                         Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite
                                         Service Period  , which requires
                                         that a performance target that (1) affects vesting of an award, and (2) could be achieved
                                         after the requisite service period of the employee be treated as a performance condition.
                                         The adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated
                                         financial statements.     

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

2. Significant
accounting policies (continued)   

(e)      New
                                         and amended accounting standards (continued)   

(ii)    Effective
                                         January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2015-02,    Consolidation
                                         (Topic 810), Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ,
                                         which changes the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities
                                         are variable interest entities ( VIEs ), and eliminates the presumption that
                                         a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership that is a voting interest
                                         entity. The new guidance also alters the analysis for determining when fees paid to a
                                         decision maker or service provider represent a variable interest in a VIE and how interests
                                         of related parties affect the primary beneficiary determination. The adoption of this
                                         standard did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.     

(iii)    Effective
                                         January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2015-05,    Intangibles
                                           Goodwill and Other   Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40), Customer s
                                         Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement  ,
                                         which provides clarity around a customer s accounting for fees paid in a cloud
                                         computing arrangement. The amendments in ASU 2015-05 add guidance to assist customers
                                         in determining whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. Software
                                         license elements of cloud computing arrangements are accounted for consistent with the
                                         acquisition of other intangible asset licenses. Where there is no software license element,
                                         the cloud computing arrangement is accounted for as a service contract. The standard
                                         was applied prospectively and did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated
                                         financial statements.     

(iv)    Effective
                                         January 1, 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
                                         2015-16,    Business Combinations (Topic 805), Simplifying
                                         the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  ,
                                         which requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are
                                         identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment
                                         amounts are determined. The adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Company s
                                         consolidated financial statements with respect to the acquisition of Xcira (note 25(b))
                                         as no adjustments to provisional amounts were identified during the measurement period.
                                         During the period from February 19, 2016 to September 30, 2016, the Company recognized
                                         working capital adjustments related to the Mascus acquisition (note 25(a)), which resulted
                                         in a net $343,000 increase in goodwill.     

(f)      Recent
                                         accounting standards not yet adopted     

(i)    In
                                         May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,    Revenue
                                         from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ,
                                         which requires an entity to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services
                                         to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects
                                         to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In particular, it moves away
                                         from the current industry and transaction specific requirements. ASU 2014-09 creates
                                         a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms
                                         of the contract(s) which include:     

1.    Identifying
                                         the contract(s) with the customer,  

2.    Identifying
                                         the separate performance obligations in the contract,    

3.    Determining
                                         the transaction price,    

4.    Allocating
                                         the transaction price to the separate performance obligations, and    

5.    Recognizing
                                         revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied.    

The
amendments also contain extensive disclosure requirements designed to enable users of the financial statements to understand the
nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In July 2015, the FASB
delayed the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year so that ASU 2014-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will
have on its consolidated financial statements.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

2.
Significant accounting policies (continued)   

(f)      Recent
                                         accounting standards not yet adopted (continued)   

(ii)    In
                                         January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,    Financial
                                         Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial
                                         Assets and Financial Liabilities  ,
                                         the first of three standards related to financial instrument accounting. The amendments
                                         of ASU 2016-01 require equity method investments (except for equity-method accounted
                                         investments and those resulting in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair
                                         value with changes recognized in net income. For equity investments that do not have
                                         readily determinable fair values, the entity may elect to measure the investment at cost
                                         less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in
                                         orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. The
                                         amendments also:     

Simplify
                                         the impairment assessment of equity investments that do not have readily determinable
                                         fair values, by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. The entity
                                         is only required to measure the investment at fair value if the qualitative assessment
                                         indicates that impairment exists.    

Eliminate
                                         the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate
                                         the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at
                                         amortized cost.    

Require
                                         the exit price notion to be used when measuring the fair value of financial instruments
                                         for disclosure purposes.    

Require
                                         separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and
                                         form of financial asset (i.e. securities or loans   receivables) on the balance sheet
                                         or the accompanying notes to the financial statements.    

ASU
2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
adoption is only permitted for the provisions under ASU 2016-01 related to the recognition of changes in fair value of financial
liabilities. The Company is evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

(iii)    In
                                         February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,    Leases
                                         (Topic 842)  , which requires
                                         lessees to recognize almost all leases, including operating leases, on the balance sheet
                                         through a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability. For short-term leases,
                                         defined as those with a term of 12 months or less, the lessee is permitted to make an
                                         accounting policy election not to recognize the lease assets and liabilities, and instead
                                         recognize the lease expense generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The
                                         accounting treatment under this election is consistent with current operating lease accounting.
                                         No extensive amendments were made to lessor accounting, but amendments of note include
                                         changes to the definition of initial direct costs and accounting for collectability uncertainties
                                         in a lease. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
                                         fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. Both
                                         lessees and lessors must apply ASU 2016-02 using a  modified retrospective transition ,
                                         which reflects the new guidance from the beginning of the earliest period presented in
                                         the financial statements. However, lessees and lessors can elect to apply certain practical
                                         expedients on transition. The Company is evaluating the new guidance to determine the
                                         impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.     

(iv)    In
                                         March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,    Revenue
                                         from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting
                                         Revenue Gross versus Net)  .
                                         The amendments in ASU 2016-08 clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus
                                         agent considerations, focusing on whether an entity controls a specified good or service
                                         before that good or service is transferred to a customer. Where such control exists  
                                         i.e. where the entity is required to provide the specified good or service itself  
                                         the entity is a  principal . Where the entity is required to arrange for
                                         another party to provide the good or service, it is an agent.   

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

2.
Significant accounting policies (continued)   

(f)      Recent
                                         accounting standards not yet adopted (continued)   

The
effective date and transition requirements of ASU 2016-08 are the same as for ASU 2014-09, which is for fiscal years, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating the new guidance to determine
the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

(v)    In
                                         March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,    Compensation Stock
                                         Compensation (Topic 718)  ,
                                         which makes several modifications to Topic 718 related to the accounting for forfeitures,
                                         employer tax withholding on share-based compensation and the financial statement presentation
                                         of excess tax benefits or deficiencies. ASU 2016-09 also clarifies the statement of cash
                                         flows presentation for certain components of share-based awards. Specifically, ASU 2016-09
                                         requires an entity to recognize share-based payment award income tax effects in the income
                                         statement when the awards vest or are settled, and as a result, the requirement for entities
                                         to track APIC pools is eliminated. In addition, the amendments allow entities to make
                                         a policy election to either estimate forfeiture or recognize forfeitures as they occur.
                                         ASC 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
                                         beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating
                                         the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.   

(vi)    In
                                         April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,    Identifying
                                         Performance Obligations and Licensing  ,
                                         which clarifies the following two aspects of ASU 2014-09 (Topic 606): identifying performance
                                         obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. ASC 2016-10 affects the guidance
                                         in ASU 2014-09, and so has the same effective date and transition requirements. ASU 2016-10
                                         is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
                                         after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating the new guidance to determine the
                                         impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.     

Assessing
                                         one specific collectability criterion and accounting for contracts that do not meet certain
                                         criteria  

Presentation
                                         for sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers    

Non-cash
                                         consideration    

Contract
                                         modification at transition    

Completed
                                         contracts at transition    

Technical
                                         correction    

ASC
2016-10 affects the guidance in ASU 2014-09, and so has the same effective date and transition requirements. ASU 2016-10 is effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is evaluating
the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

(viii)    In
                                         June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,    Financial
                                         Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
                                         Statements  , which replaces
                                         the  incurred loss methodology  credit impairment model with a new forward-looking
                                          methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of
                                         a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. 
                                         ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
                                         beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is only permitted for fiscal years
                                         beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those years. The
                                         Company is evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated
                                         financial statements.   

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

2. Significant
accounting policies (continued)   

(f)      Recent
                                         accounting standards not yet adopted (continued)   

(ix)    In
                                         August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,    Statement
                                         of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ,
                                         which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity
                                         in practice. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
                                         fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments are applied using a retrospective
                                         transition method to each period presented, unless impracticable to do so, in which case
                                         they are applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is evaluating
                                         the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on its consolidated financial statements.     

3. Significant judgments,
estimates and assumptions  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  

Future differences arising between
actual results and the judgments, estimates and assumptions made by the Company at the reporting date, or future changes to estimates
and assumptions, could necessitate adjustments to the underlying reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
in future reporting periods.  

Judgments, estimates and underlying
assumptions are evaluated on an ongoing basis by management, and are based on historical experience and other factors including
expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Existing circumstances and assumptions
about future developments, however, may change due to market changes or circumstance and such changes are reflected in the assumptions
when they occur. Significant estimates include the estimated useful lives of long-lived assets, as well as valuation of goodwill,
underwritten commission contracts, contingently redeemable non-controlling interest and share-based compensation.  

4. Seasonality of operations  

The Company's operations are
both seasonal and event driven. Revenues tend to be highest during the second and fourth calendar quarters. The Company generally
conducts more auctions during these quarters than during the first and third calendar quarters. Late December through mid-February
and mid-July through August are traditionally less active periods.  

5. Segmented information  

The Company s
principal business activity is the sale of industrial equipment and other assets at auctions. The Company s operations are
comprised of one reportable segment and other business activities that are not reportable as follows:  

Core
                                         Auction segment, a network of auction locations that conduct live, unreserved auctions
                                         with both on-site and online bidding; and    

Other
                                         includes the results of the Company s EquipmentOne and Mascus online services,
                                         which are not material to the Company s consolidated financial statements. On February
                                         19, 2016, the Company acquired Mascus and updated its segment reporting such that the
                                         results of EquipmentOne and Mascus (subsequent to acquisition) are reported as  Other.   

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

5. Segmented information (continued)   

The Chief Operating
Decision Maker evaluates segment performance based on earnings (loss) from operations, which is calculated as revenues less costs
of services, selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses, depreciation and amortization expenses, and
impairment loss. The significant non-cash items included in segment earnings (loss) from operations are depreciation and amortization
expenses and impairment loss.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

6. Revenues   

The Company s
revenue from the rendering of services is as follows:  

Net profits on inventory sales
included in commissions are:  

7. Operating expenses  

Certain prior period operating
expenses have been reclassified to conform with current year presentation.  

Costs of
services, excluding depreciation and amortization   

SG A
expenses   

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

7. Operating expenses (continued)   

Acquisition-related
costs   

Depreciation
and amortization expenses   

8. Impairment loss  

Goodwill
impairment   

  The Company
performs impairment tests on goodwill on an annual basis in accordance with US GAAP, or more frequently if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that those assets might be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at a reporting unit level, which
is at the same level or one level below an operating segment. A goodwill impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount
of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value. The goodwill impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the carrying
amount of the goodwill over its implied fair value.  

Goodwill
arising from the acquisition of AssetNation, the provider of our online marketplaces, forms part of the EquipmentOne reporting
unit. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, an indicator of impairment was identified with respect to the EquipmentOne
reporting unit. The indicator consisted of a decline in actual and forecasted revenue and operating income compared with previously
projected results, which was primarily due to the recent performance of the EquipmentOne reporting unit.  

As a result
of the identification of an indicator of impairment of the EquipmentOne reporting unit, a US GAAP two-step goodwill impairment
test was performed at September 30, 2016. Step one of the goodwill impairment test indicated that the carrying amount (including
goodwill) of the EquipmentOne reporting unit exceeded its fair value. Accordingly, the impairment test proceeded to step two,
wherein the step one fair value of the EquipmentOne reporting unit was used to estimate the implied fair value of the goodwill.  

The second
step of the goodwill impairment test involved allocating the EquipmentOne reporting unit fair value to all the assets and liabilities
of that reporting unit based on their estimated fair values. Management used a blended analysis of the earnings approach, which
employs a discounted cash flow methodology, and the market approach, which employs a multiple of earnings methodology, to determine
the fair values of the intangible assets and to measure the goodwill impairment loss.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

8. Impairment
loss (continued)   

Goodwill
impairment (continued)   

  Based on
the results of the goodwill impairment test, the Company recorded an impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill
of $23,574,000 on September 30, 2016.  

Long-lived
asset impairment   

  Long-lived assets, which are
comprised of property, plant and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, are assessed for impairment whenever events or
circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, long-lived assets
are grouped and tested for recoverability at the lowest level that generates independent cash flows from another asset group.
The carrying amount of the long-lived asset group is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the future undiscounted cash flows
expected to result from the long-lived asset group s use and eventual disposition. Where the carrying amount of the long-lived
asset group is not recoverable, its fair value is determined in order to calculate any impairment loss. An impairment loss is
measured as the excess of the long-lived asset group s carrying amount over its fair value.  

At September 30, 2016, for the
same reason noted above under the goodwill impairment test, management determined that there was an indicator that the carrying
amount of the long-lived assets arising from our acquisition of AssetNation (the  EquipmentOne long-lived assets )
might not have been recoverable. As such, the Company performed the recoverability test, for which purpose management determined
that the asset group to which the EquipmentOne long-lived assets belonged was the EquipmentOne reporting unit.  

The results of the recoverability
test indicated that the EquipmentOne reporting unit carrying amount (including goodwill but excluding deferred tax assets, deferred
tax liabilities, and income taxes payable) exceeded the sum of its future undiscounted cash flows. As such, management then used
an earnings approach to estimate the fair values of the EquipmentOne long-lived assets and compared those fair values to their
carrying amounts.  

Based on the results of the long-lived
asset impairment test, the Company recorded a pre-tax impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit customer relationships
of $4,669,000 on September 30, 2016. In connection with this impairment loss, the Company recorded a deferred tax benefit of $1,798,000
to the income tax provision. The result of this impairment test was reflected in the carrying value of the EquipmentOne reporting
unit prior to the completion of the goodwill impairment test described above.  

9. Income taxes  

At the end of each interim period,
the Company estimates the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year.  The estimate reflects,
among other items, management s best estimate of operating results.  It does not include the estimated impact of foreign
exchange rates or unusual and/or infrequent items, which may cause significant variations in the customary relationship between
income tax expense and income before income taxes.  

The Company s consolidated
effective tax rate in respect of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 329.4% and 31.3%, respectively
(2015: 26.8% and 27.5%).   

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

10. Contingently redeemable
non-controlling interest in Ritchie Bros. Financial Services   

Until July 12, 2016, the Company
held a 51% interest in Ritchie Bros. Financial Services ( RBFS ), an entity that provides loan origination services
to enable the Company s auction customers to obtain financing from third party lenders. As a result of the Company s
involvement with RBFS, the Company is exposed to risks related to the recovery of the net assets of RBFS as well as liquidity
risks associated with the put option discussed below.  

Management
determined that RBFS was a variable interest entity because the Company provided subordinated financial support to RBFS and because
the Company s voting interest was disproportionately low in relation to its economic interest in RBFS while substantially
all the activities of RBFS involved or were conducted on behalf of the Company. Management also determined that the Company was
the primary beneficiary of RBFS as the Company was part of a related party group that had the power to direct the activities that
most significantly impacted RBFS s economic performance, and although no individual member of that group had such power,
the Company represented the member of the related party group that was most closely associated with RBFS.  

Until July 12, 2016, the Company
and the non-controlling interest ( NCI ) holders each held options pursuant to which the Company could acquire, or
be required to acquire, the NCI holders  49% interest in RBFS. These call and put options became exercisable on April 6,
2016, and the Company had the option to elect to pay the purchase price in either cash or shares of the Company, subject to the
Company obtaining all relevant security exchange and regulatory consents and approvals. As a result of the existence of the put
option, the NCI was accounted for as a contingently redeemable equity instrument (the  contingently redeemable NCI ).
The NCI could be redeemed at a purchase price to be determined through an independent appraisal process conducted in accordance
with the terms of the agreement, or at a negotiated price (the  redemption value ).  

For the comparative reporting
period presented, management determined that redemption was probable and measured the carrying amount of the contingently redeemable
NCI at its estimated December 31, 2015 redemption value of $24,785,000. The estimation of redemption value at that date required
management to make significant judgments, estimates, and assumptions.  

On July 12, 2016 the Company
completed its acquisition of the NCI. On that date, the Company acquired the NCI holders  49% interest in RBFS for total
consideration of 57,900,000 Canadian dollars ($44,141,000). That purchase price consisted of cash consideration of 53,900,000
Canadian dollars ($41,092,000) and 4,000,000 Canadian dollars ($3,049,000) representing the acquisition date fair value of contingent
consideration payable to the former shareholders of RBFS. The contingent payment is payable if RBFS achieves a specified annual
revenue growth rate over a three-year post-acquisition period, and is calculated as a specified percentage of the accumulated
earnings of RBFS after the three-year post-acquisition period. The maximum amount payable under the contingent payment arrangement
is 10,000,000 Canadian dollars. The Company may pay an additional amount not exceeding 1,500,000 Canadian dollars over a three-year
period based on the former NCI holders providing continued management services to RBFS.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

11. Earnings (loss) per share
attributable to stockholders   

Basic earnings per share ( EPS )
attributable to stockholders was calculated by dividing the net income attributable to stockholders by the weighted average ( WA )
number of common shares outstanding. Diluted EPS attributable to stockholders was calculated by dividing the net income attributable
to stockholders after giving effect to outstanding dilutive stock options and PSUs by the WA number of shares outstanding adjusted
for all dilutive securities.  

In respect
of PSUs awarded under the senior executive and employee PSU plans (described in note 22), performance and market conditions, depending
on their outcome at the end of the contingency period, can reduce the number of vested awards to nil or to a maximum of 200% of
the number of outstanding PSUs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, PSUs to purchase 253,646 and 231,671 common
shares, respectively, were outstanding but excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS attributable to stockholders as they were
anti-dilutive. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, stock options to purchase nil and 1,002,929 common shares,
respectively, were outstanding but excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS attributable to stockholders as they were anti-dilutive
(2015: 113,073 and 206,733).  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

12. Supplemental cash flow
information   

13. Fair value measurement  

All assets
and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the condensed consolidated financial statements are categorized
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement
or disclosure:  

Level 1:  
      Unadjusted quoted prices
    in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at measurement date;   

Level 2:  
      Inputs other than quoted
    prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and   

Level 3:  
      Unobservable inputs for
    the asset or liability.   

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

13. Fair value measurement
(continued)   

The carrying
amount of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade and other current receivables, advances against
auction contracts, auction proceeds payable, trade and other payables, short-term debt, and current portion of long-term debt
approximate their fair values due to their short terms to maturity. The fair values of the Company s long-term debt are
determined through the calculation of each liability s present value using market rates of interest at period close.  

14. Inventory  

At each period
end, inventory is reviewed to ensure that it is recorded at the lower of cost and net realizable value. During the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded an inventory write-down of $882,000 and $2,284,000 respectively (2015: $167,000
and $480,000).  

Of inventory
held at September 30, 2016, 100% is expected to be sold prior to the end of December 2016 (December 31, 2015: 91% sold by the
end of March 2016 with the remainder sold by the end of June 2016).  

15. Assets held for sale  

During the
three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company sold excess auction site acreage in Denver, United States, for net proceeds
of $735,000 resulting in a gain of $493,000.  

As at September 30, 2016, the
Company s assets held for sale consisted of excess auction site acreage located in Orlando, United States. Management made
the strategic decision to sell this excess acreage to maximize the Company s return on invested capital. This land asset
belongs to the Core Auction reportable segment.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

15. Assets held for sale (continued)   

The property continues to be
actively marketed for sale through an independent real estate broker, and management expects the sales to be completed within
12 months of September 30, 2016.  

16. Property, plant and
equipment  

17. Intangible assets  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

17. Intangible assets (continued)   

During the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest of $111,000 and $287,000, respectively was capitalized to the cost of
software under development (2015: $130,000 and $642,000). These interest costs relating to qualifying assets are capitalized at
a weighted average rate of 5.32% (2015: 6.39%).  

During the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, an impairment loss of $4,669,000 was recognized on the customer relationships
within the EquipmentOne reporting unit (note 8), reducing the carrying amount from $10,969,000 to an estimated fair value of $6,300,000,
which formed the new cost basis of those assets at September 30, 2016. Subsequent to the EquipmentOne reporting unit indefinite-lived
intangible asset impairment test, management concluded that an indefinite life of the EquipmentOne reporting unit trade names
and trademarks could no longer be supported. Commencing September 30, 2016, the Company has commenced amortizing those trade names
and trademarks over their useful life, which management has estimated to be 15 years.  

18. Goodwill  

The carrying
amount of goodwill has been allocated to reporting units for impairment testing purposes (note 8) as follows:  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

19. Equity-accounted investments   

The Company
holds a 48% share interest in a group of companies detailed below (together, the Cura Classis entities), which have common ownership.
The Cura Classis entities provide dedicated fleet management services in three jurisdictions to a common customer unrelated to
the Company. The Company has determined the Cura Classis entities are variable interest entities and the Company is not the primary
beneficiary, as it does not have the power to make any decisions that significantly affect the economic results of the Cura Classis
entities. Accordingly, the Company accounts for its investments in the Cura Classis entities following the equity method.  

A condensed
summary of the Company's investments in and advances to equity-accounted investees are as follows (in thousands of U.S. dollars,
except percentages):  

As a result of the Company s
investments, the Company is exposed to risks associated with the results of operations of the Cura Classis entities. The Company
has no other business relationships with the Cura Classis entities. The Company s maximum risk of loss associated with these
entities is the investment carrying amount.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

20. Debt   

At December 31, 2015, the current
portion of long-term debt consisted of a Canadian dollar 60,000,000 term loan under the Company s uncommitted, revolving
credit facility. The Company refinanced this term loan on a long-term basis when it fell due on May 4, 2016 by drawing on its
committed, revolving credit facility.  

Short-term debt at September
30, 2016 is comprised of drawings in different currencies on the Company s committed and uncommitted revolving credit facilities
of $359,358,000 (December 31, 2015: committed revolving credit facilities of $312,693,000), and have a weighted average interest
rate of 1.6% (December 31, 2015: 1.8%).  

As at September 30, 2016, the
Company had available committed revolving credit facilities aggregating $256,801,000, of which $168,139,000 is available until
May 2018. The Company also had available uncommitted credit facilities aggregating $193,367,000, of which $169,106,000 expires
November 2017. The Company has a committed seasonal bulge credit facility of $50,000,000, which is available in February, March,
August and September until May 2018. This bulge credit facility is not included in the available credit facilities totals above
as at September 30, 2016.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

20. Debt (continued)   

On August 29,
2016, the Company obtained a financing commitment (the  Commitment Letter ) from Goldman Sachs Bank USA ( GS
Bank ) pursuant to which GS Bank is committing to provide (i) a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate
principal amount of $150,000,000 (the  Revolving Facility ) and (ii) a senior unsecured bridge loan facility in an
aggregate principal amount of up to $850,000,000 (the  Bridge Loan Facility , and together with the Revolving Facility,
the  Facilities ). Under the terms of the Commitment Letter, the Company may replace all or a portion of the Bridge
Loan Facility with senior unsecured debt securities or certain other bank loan facilities. Debt issue costs related to these Facilities
are discussed in note 24.  

21. Equity
and dividends  

Share
capital   

Preferred
stock    

  Unlimited number
of senior preferred shares, without par value, issuable in series.  

  Unlimited number
of junior preferred shares, without par value, issuable in series.  

  All issued
shares are fully paid. No preferred shares have been issued.  

Share
repurchase    

  During March
2016, 1,460,000 common shares (March 2015: 1,900,000) were repurchased at a weighted average ( WA ) share price of
$25.16 (2015: $24.98) per common share. The repurchased shares were cancelled on March 15, 2016 (2015: March 26, 2015). There
were no share repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The Company
declared and paid the following dividends during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Declared
and undistributed    

  Subsequent
to September 30, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.17 cents per common share, payable
on December 19, 2016 to stockholders of record on November 28, 2016. This dividend payable has not been recognized as a liability
in the financial statements. The payment of this dividend will not have any tax consequence for the Company.  

Foreign
currency translation reserve   

  Foreign currency
translation adjustments include intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature, which generated
net gains of $958,000 and $9,569,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively (2015: net losses of
$4,609,000 and $16,136,000).  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

22. Share-based
payments   

Share-based
payments consist of the following compensation costs recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses:  

Stock option
plan   

  The Company
has a stock option plan that provides for the award of stock options to selected employees, directors and officers of the Company.
Stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 is presented below:  

The fair value
of the stock option grants is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The significant
assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
are presented in the following table on a weighted average basis:  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

22. Share-based
payments (continued)   

Stock option
plan (continued)   

  Risk free interest
rate is the US Treasury Department five-year treasury yield curve rate on the date of the grant. Expected dividend yield assumes
a continuation of the most recent quarterly dividend payments. Expected life of options is based on the age of the options on
the exercise date over the past 25 years. Expected volatility is based on the historical common share price volatility over the
past five years.  

The compensation expense arising
from option grants is amortized over the relevant vesting periods of the underlying options. As at September 30, 2016, the unrecognized
stock-based compensation cost related to the non-vested stock options was $5,495,000, which is expected to be recognized over
a weighted average period of 2.3 years.  

Share
unit plans   

  Share unit
activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 is presented below:  

(1)    Liability-classified
                                         PSUs include PSUs awarded under the employee PSU plan, the sign-on grant PSU plan, and
                                         other PSUs plans in place prior to 2015 that are cash-settled and not subject to market
                                         vesting conditions.    

As at September
30, 2016, the unrecognized share unit expense related to equity-classified PSUs was $5,708,000, which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted average period of 2.0 years. The unrecognized share unit expense related to liability-classified PSUs was $6,215,000,
which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.0 years. The unrecognized share unit expense related to
liability-classified restricted share units ( RSUs ) was $985,000, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
average period of 0.7 years. There is no unrecognized share unit expense related to liability-classified DSUs as they vest immediately
upon grant.  

Senior
executive and employee PSU plans    

  In 2015 and
2016, the Company granted share units under two new PSU plans, a senior executive PSU plan and an employee PSU plan (the  new
plans ). Under the new plans, the number of PSUs that vest is conditional upon specified market, service, and performance
vesting conditions being met.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

22. Share-based
payments (continued)   

Share
unit plans (continued)   

Senior
executive and employee PSU plans (continued)    

  The market
vesting condition is based on the relative performance of the Company s share price in comparison to the performance of
a pre-determined portfolio of other companies  share prices. The non-market vesting conditions are based on the achievement
of specific performance measures and can result in participants earning between 0% and 200% of the target number of PSUs granted.  

Prior to May
2, 2016, the Company was only able to settle the PSU awards under the new plans in cash, and as such, both new plans were classified
as liability awards. On May 2, 2016 (the  modification date ), the shareholders approved amendments to the new plans,
allowing the Company to choose whether to settle the awards in cash or in shares. With respect to settling in shares, the new
settlement options allow the Company to either (i) arrange for the purchase shares on the open market on the employee s
behalf based on the cash value that otherwise would be delivered, or (ii) to issue a number of shares equal to the number of units
that vest.  

Under the first
option, the shareholders authorized an unlimited number of open-market purchases of common shares for settlement of the PSUs.
Under the second option, the shareholders authorized 1,000,000 shares to be issued for settlement of the PSUs.  

On the modification
date, the employee PSU plan remained classified as a liability and the senior executive PSU plan awards were reclassified to equity
awards, based on the Company s settlement intentions for each plan. The fair value of the senior executive awards outstanding
on the modification date was $27.34. The share unit liability, representing the portion of the fair value attributable to past
service, was $2,105,000, which was reclassified to equity on that date. No incremental compensation was recognized as a result
of the modification. Unrecognized compensation expense based on the fair value of the senior executive PSU awards on the modification
date will be amortized over the remaining service period.  

Because the
PSUs awarded under the new plans are contingently redeemable in cash in the event of death of the participant, on the modification
date, the Company reclassified $2,175,000 to temporary equity, representing the portion of the contingent redemption amount of
the senior executive PSU awards as if redeemable on May 2, 2016, to the extent attributable to prior service.  

PSUs awarded
under the new plans are subject to market vesting conditions. The fair value of the liability-classified PSUs awarded under the
employee PSU plan is estimated on the date of grant and at each reporting date using a binomial model. The significant assumptions
used to estimate the fair value of the liability-classified PSUs awarded under the employee PSU plan during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented in the following table on a weighted average basis:  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

22. Share-based payments (continued)   

Senior
executive and employee PSU plans (continued)    

  Risk free interest
rate is estimated using Bloomberg s U.S. dollar Swap Rate as of the valuation date. Expected dividend yield assumes a continuation
of the most recent quarterly dividend payments. Given the limited historical information available for the PSUs, the Company estimated
the expected life of PSUs with reference to the expected life of stock options. Stock options have five-year expected lives, whereas
PSUs vest after three years. As such, the Company estimates the expected life of the PSUs to equal the three-year vesting period.
Expected volatility is estimated from Bloomberg s volatility surface of the common shares as of the valuation date.  

The fair value
of the equity-classified PSUs was estimated on the modification date using the same binomial model and the same significant assumptions
as the liability-classified PSUs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Sign-on
grant PSUs    

  On August 11,
2014, the Company awarded 102,375 one-time sign-on grant PSUs (the  SOG PSUs ). The SOG PSUs are cash-settled and
subject to market vesting conditions related to the Company s share performance over rolling two, three, four, and five-year
periods.  

The fair value
of the liability-classified SOG PSUs is estimated on the date of grant and at each reporting date using a binomial model. The
significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the SOG PSUs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
are presented in the following table on a weighted average basis:  

Risk free interest
rate is estimated using Bloomberg s U.S. dollar Swap Rate as of the valuation date. Expected dividend yield assumes a continuation
of the most recent quarterly dividend payments. Given the limited historical information available for the SOG PSUs, the Company
estimated the expected life of PSUs with reference to the expected life of stock options. Stock options have five-year expected
lives. Comparatively, the SOG PSUs vest in four tranches with the last tranche vesting five years after the grant date. As such,
the Company estimates the expected lives of each tranche of SOG PSUs to equal the respective vesting period for the tranche, which
is two, three, four, or five years. Expected volatility is estimated from Bloomberg s volatility surface of the common shares
as of the valuation date.  

Other
PSUs    

  The Company
also has other liability-classified PSUs granted under plans in place prior to 2015 that are cash-settled and not subject to market
vesting conditions. The fair values of these liability-classified PSUs is estimated on grant date and at each reporting date using
the 20-day volume weighted average price of the Company s common shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange.  

RSUs
and DSUs    

  The Company
has RSU and DSU plans that are cash-settled and not subject to market vesting conditions. Fair values of share units under these
plans are estimated on grant date and at each reporting date using the 20-day volume weighted average price of the Company s
common shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange. DSUs are granted under the DSU plan to members of the Board of Directors.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

22. Share-based payments (continued)   

Employee
share purchase plan   

  The Company
has an employee share purchase plan that allows all employees that have completed 60 days of service to contribute funds to purchase
common shares at the current market value at the time of share purchase. Employees may contribute up to 4% of their salary. The
Company will match between 50% and 100% of employees  contributions, depending on the length of service of each employee
with the Company.  

23. Commitments  

Commitment
for inventory purchase   

  As
at September 30, 2016, the Company had committed to, but not yet incurred, $7,900,000 relating to the purchase of inventory.  

24. Contingencies  

Costs
contingent on consummation of IronPlanet acquisition   

  On August 29,
2016, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) pursuant to which it agreed
to acquire IronPlanet (the  Merger ). Under the terms of Merger Agreement, the Company will acquire 100% of the equity
of IronPlanet for approximately $740,000,000 in cash plus the assumption of unvested equity interests in IronPlanet, subject to
adjustment, which brings the total transaction value to approximately $758,500,000. The Merger is subject to customary conditions,
including (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976, as amended, as well as the obtaining of certain foreign antitrust clearances, and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Investment
in the United States having provided written notice to the effect that review of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
has been concluded and has terminated all action under the Section 721 of the Defence Production Act of 1950, as amended.  

Debt
issue costs    

  In connection
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company obtained the Commitment Letter, dated August 29, 2016, from GS Bank pursuant
to which GS Bank is committing to provide the Facilities (discussed in note 20). Consideration for GS Bank s services in
this regard includes one-time fees that range from a minimum of $nil to a maximum of $34,500,000. The consideration is contingent
upon the timing of the Merger consummation, the amount and nature of any drawings under the Facilities, and the amount of any
alternate funding used by the Company to consummate the Merger. The consideration is payable at the earlier of the consummation
of the Merger, the Company drawing from the Facilities, the conversion of bridge loans to other types of debt, and the Company
using alternate funding to consummate the Merger.  

These debt
issue costs have not been recognized at September 30, 2016.  

Advisory
costs    

  The Company
has entered into various contractual arrangements with Goldman, Sachs   Co. and GS Bank (together,  Goldman Sachs )
whereby Goldman Sachs has provided financial structuring and acquisition advisory services in relation to the Company s
agreement to acquire IronPlanet. Consideration for Goldman Sach s services in this regard, for which the maximum amount
payable by the Company at September 30, 2016 is $8,625,000, is contingent upon consummation of the Merger.  

These advisory
costs have not been recognized at September 30, 2016. They will be expensed as acquisition-related costs when they are recognized.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

24. Contingencies
(continued)   

Legal
and other claims   

  The Company
is subject to legal and other claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business. Management does not believe that the results
of these claims will have a material effect on the Company s balance sheet or income statement.  

Guarantee
contracts   

  In the normal
course of business, the Company will in certain situations guarantee to a consignor a minimum level of proceeds in connection
with the sale at auction of that consignor s equipment.  

At September
30, 2016 there was $30,132,000 of industrial assets guaranteed under contract, of which 100% is expected to be sold prior to the
end of December 2016 (December 31, 2015: $25,267,000 of which 100% was expected to be sold prior to the end of May 2016).  

At September
30, 2016 there was $18,725,000 of agricultural assets guaranteed under contract, of which 82% is expected to be sold prior to
the end of December 2016, with the remainder to be sold by the end of June 2017 (December 31, 2015: $30,509,000 of which 100%
was expected to be sold prior to the end of August 2016).  

The outstanding
guarantee amounts are undiscounted and before estimated proceeds from sale at auction.  

25. Business
combinations  

(a)      Mascus
                                         acquisition      

On February 19, 2016 (the  Mascus
Acquisition Date ), the Company acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of Mascus for cash consideration of  26,553,000
($29,580,000). In addition to cash consideration, consideration of up to  3,198,000 ($3,563,000) is contingent on Mascus
achieving certain operating performance targets over the three-year period following acquisition. Mascus is based in Amsterdam
and provides an online equipment listing service for used heavy machines and trucks. The acquisition expands the breadth and depth
of equipment disposition and management solutions the Company can offer its customers.  

The acquisition
was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805,  Business Combinations . The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded
at their estimated fair values at the Mascus Acquisition Date. Goodwill of $19,664,000 was calculated as the fair value of consideration
over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

25. Business combinations   

(a)      Mascus
                                         acquisition (continued)     

Mascus provisional purchase
price allocation    

(1)    The Company acquired 100% of Mascus
                                         and within the Mascus group of entities there were two subsidiaries that were not wholly-owned,
                                         one domiciled in the United States and one domiciled in Denmark. As such, the Company
                                         acquired non-controlling interests. The fair value of each non-controlling interest was
                                         determined using an income approach based on cash flows of the respective entities that
                                         were attributable to the non-controlling interest. On May 27, 2016, Ritchie Bros. Holdings
                                         (America) Inc. acquired the remaining issued and outstanding shares of the Mascus subsidiary
                                         domiciled in the United States for cash consideration of $226,000.    

(2)    Intangible assets consist of customer
                                         relationships with estimated useful lives of 17 years, indefinite-lived trade names,
                                         and software assets with estimated useful lives of five years.    

The amounts
included in the Mascus provisional purchase price allocation are preliminary in nature and are subject to adjustment as additional
information is obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the Mascus Acquisition Date. The final determination
of the fair values of certain assets and liabilities will be completed within the measurement period of up to one year from the
Mascus Acquisition Date. Adjustments to the preliminary values during the measurement period will be recorded in the operating
results of the period in which the adjustments are determined. Changes to the amounts recorded as assets and liabilities will
result in a corresponding adjustment to goodwill.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

25. Business combinations
(continued)   

(a)      Mascus
                                         acquisition (continued)     

Goodwill    

  Goodwill has been allocated entirely
to the Mascus reporting unit based on an analysis of the fair value of assets acquired. The main drivers generating goodwill are
the anticipated synergies from (1) the Company's core auction expertise and transactional capabilities to Mascus' existing customer
base, and (2) Mascus' providing existing technology to the Company's current customer base. Other factors generating goodwill
include the acquisition of Mascus' assembled work force and their associated technical expertise.  

Contributed
revenue and net income    

  The results
of Mascus  operations are included in these condensed consolidated financial statements from Mascus  Acquisition Date.
For the three months ended September 30, 2016, and for the period from February 19, 2016 to September 30, 2016, Mascus 
contribution to the Company s revenues was $1,977,000 and $5,282,000, respectively. Mascus  contribution to net income
during those periods was insignificant. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented as such pro forma financial information
would not be materially different from historical results.  

Contingent
consideration     

  The Company
may pay an additional amount not exceeding  3,198,000 ($3,563,000) contingent upon the achievement of certain operating performance
targets over the next three-year period. The Company has recognized a liability equal to the estimated fair value of the contingent
payments the Company expects to make as of the acquisition date, which is  3,080,000 ($3,431,000). The Company will re-measure
this liability each reporting period and record changes in the fair value in the consolidated income statement. There was no change
in the fair value in the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Transactions
recognized separately from the acquisition of assets and assumptions of liabilities    

   Acquisition-related
costs   

  Expenses totalling
$749,000 for legal and other acquisition-related costs are included in the condensed consolidated income statement for the period
ended September 30, 2016.  

Employee
compensation in exchange for continued services   

  The Company
may pay additional amounts not exceeding  1,625,000 ($1,849,000) over three-year periods based on key employees  continuing
employment with Mascus.  

(b)      Xcira
                                         acquisition     

On November 4, 2015 (the  Xcira
Acquisition Date ), the Company acquired 75% of the issued and outstanding shares of Xcira for cash consideration of $12,359,000.
The remaining 25% interests remain with the two founders of Xcira. Xcira is a Florida-based company, incorporated in the United
States and its principal activity is the provision of software and technology solutions to auction companies. By acquiring Xcira,
the Company acquired information technology capability and platform to build on its strong online bidding customer experience,
and further differentiate itself from other industrial auction companies.  

The Company
has the option to buy out the remaining interest of the Xcira sellers subject to the terms of the Xcira Purchase Agreement. The
acquisition was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805. The assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and the non-controlling interest
were recorded at their estimated fair values at the Xcira Acquisition Date. Full goodwill of $10,659,000 was calculated as the
fair value of consideration over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

25. Business combinations
(continued)   

(b)      Xcira
                                         acquisition (continue)     

Xcira
final purchase price allocation    

~Consists of
existing technology and customer relationships with an amortization life of five and 20 years, respectively  

There was no
contingent consideration under the terms of the acquisition, and as such no acquisition provisions were created.  

Assets
acquired and liabilities assumed    

  At the date
of acquisition, the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities acquired approximated their fair values, except intangible
assets, whose fair values were determined using appropriate valuation techniques.  

Goodwill    

  Goodwill has
been allocated entirely to the Company s Core Auction segment and based on an analysis of the fair value of assets acquired.
The main drivers generating goodwill are the Company s ability to utilize Xcira s experience to differentiate the
Company s online bidding service from other industrial auction companies, as well as to secure Xcira s bidding technology.
Online bidding represents a significant and growing portion of all bidding conducted at the Company s auctions.  

Non-controlling
interests    

  The fair value of the 25% non-controlling
interest in Xcira is estimated to be $4,119,000.  

Contributed
revenue and net income    

  The results
of Xcira s operations are included in these condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Xcira recorded revenues of $1,892,000 and $6,189,000 respectively, and net
income of $89,000 and $1,011,000, respectively. On consolidation, $845,000 and $2,707,000 of inter-entity revenues recorded by
Xcira during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, were eliminated against the same amounts of inter-entity
expenses recorded by another subsidiary within the wholly-owned group.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

25. Business
combinations (continued)   

(b)      Xcira
                                         acquisition (continued)     

Pro forma
results of operations have not been presented as such pro forma financial information would not be materially different from historical
results.  

Future
development of internally-generated software    

  The Company
may pay an additional amount not exceeding $2,700,000 over a two-year period upon achievement of certain conditions related to
the delivery of an upgrade to its existing technology.  

Employee
compensation in exchange for continued services    

  The Company
may pay an additional amount not exceeding $2,000,000 over a three-year period based on the Founder s continuing employment
with Xcira.  

(c)      Petrowsky
                                         acquisition     

On August 1, 2016 (the  Petrowsky
Acquisition Date ), the Company acquired the assets of Petrowsky for cash consideration of $6,250,000. An additional $750,000
was paid for the retention of certain key employees. In addition to cash consideration, consideration of up to $3,000,000 is contingent
on Petrowsky achieving certain revenue growth targets over the three-year period following acquisition.  

Based in North Franklin, Connecticut,
Petrowsky caters largely to equipment sellers in the construction and transportation industries. Petrowsky also serves customers
selling assets in the underground utility, waste recycling, marine, and commercial real estate industries. The business operates
one permanent auction site, in North Franklin, which will continue to hold auctions, and also specializes in off-site auctions
held on the land of the consignor.  

The acquisition
was accounted for in accordance with ASC 805. The assets acquired were recorded at their estimated fair values at the Petrowsky
Acquisition Date. Full goodwill of $4,308,000 was calculated as the fair value of consideration over the estimated fair value
of the net assets acquired.  

Petrowsky provisional purchase
price allocation    

~Consists of
customer relationships with an amortization life of 10 years.  

The amounts
included in the Petrowsky provisional purchase price allocation are preliminary in nature and are subject to adjustment as additional
information is obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the Petrowsky Acquisition Date. The final determination
of the fair values of certain assets and liabilities will be completed within the measurement period of up to one year from the
Petrowsky Acquisition Date.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

25. Business combinations
(continued)   

(c)      Petrowsky
                                         acquisition (continued)     

Adjustments
to the preliminary values during the measurement period will be recorded in the operating results of the period in which the adjustments
are determined. Changes to the amounts recorded as assets and liabilities will result in a corresponding adjustment to goodwill.  

Assets
acquired and liabilities assumed    

  At the date
of the acquisition, the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities acquired approximated their fair values, except customer
relationships, whose fair value was determined using appropriate valuation techniques.  

Goodwill    

  Goodwill has
been allocated entirely to the Company s Core Auction segment and based on an analysis of the fair value of assets acquired.
Petrowsky is a highly complementary business that will broaden the Company s base of equipment sellers, one of the main
drivers generating goodwill. Petrowsky s sellers are primarily in the construction and transportation industries, which
are also well aligned with the Company s sector focus.  

Contributed
revenue and net loss    

  The results
of Petrowsky s operations are included in these condensed consolidated financial statements from Petrowsky Acquisition Date.
For the period from August 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016, Petrowsky s contribution to the Company s revenue and net
income was $401,000 of revenue and a net loss of $231,000. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented as such pro
forma financial information would not be materially different from historical results.  

Contingent
consideration     

  As part of
the acquisition, contingent consideration of up to $3,000,000 is payable to Petrowsky if certain revenue growth targets are achieved.
The contingent consideration is based on the cumulative revenue growth during a three-year period ending July 31, 2019. Based
on the Company s current three-year forecast for this new business, it is determined that the fair value of the contingent
consideration is $1,433,000.  

Transactions
recognized separately from the acquisition of assets and assumptions of liabilities    

   Acquisition-related
costs   

  Expenses totalling
$177,000 for legal and other acquisition-related costs are included in the condensed consolidated income statement for the period
ended September 30, 2016.  

Employee
compensation in exchange for continued services   

  As noted above,
$750,000 was paid on the Petrowsky Acquisition Date in exchange for the continuing services of certain key employees. In addition,
the Company may pay an amount not exceeding $1,000,000 over a three-year period based on the founder of Petrowsky s continuing
employment with the Company.  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   (Tabular amounts expressed in thousands of United States dollars, except where noted)  (Unaudited) 

26. Subsequent event   

On October 27, 2016, the Company
entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with a syndicate of lenders, including Bank of America, N.A.
( BofA ) and Royal Bank of Canada, which provides the Company with:  

A
                                         delayed-draw term loan facility of up to $325,000,000 (the  Delayed-Draw Facility 
                                         and together, the  New Facilities ); and    

At
                                         the Company s election and subject to certain conditions, including receipt of
                                         related commitments, incremental term loan facilities and/or increases to the Multicurrency
                                         Facilities in an aggregate amount of up to $50,000,000.    

The Company may use the proceeds
from the Multicurrency Facilities to refinance certain existing indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes. Proceeds
from the Delayed-Draw Facility can only be used to finance transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Multicurrency
Facilities remain in place and outstanding even if the Merger Agreement is terminated and the Merger is not consummated.  

The New Facilities will remain
unsecured until the closing of the Merger, after which the New Facilities will be secured by certain Company assets. The New Facilities
may become unsecured again after the Merger is consummated, subject to the Company meeting specified credit rating or leverage
ratio conditions. The New Facilities will mature five years after the closing date of the Credit Agreement. The Delayed-Draw Facility
will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an annual amount of 5% for the first two years after the closing of the Merger,
and 10% in the third through fifth years after the closing of the Merger, with the balance payable at maturity.  

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement
will bear interest, at the Company s option, at a rate equal to either a base rate (or Canadian prime rate for certain Canadian
dollar borrowings) or LIBOR (or such floating rate customarily used by BofA for currencies other than U.S. dollars). In either
case, an applicable margin is added to the rate. The applicable margin ranges from 0.25% to 1.50% for base rate loans, and 1.25%
to 2.50% for LIBOR (or the equivalent of such currency) loans, depending on the Company s leverage ratio at the time of
borrowing. The Company must also pay quarterly in arrears a commitment fee equal to the daily amount of the unused commitments
under the New Facilities multiplied by an applicable percentage per annum (which ranges from 0.25% to 0.50% depending on the Company s
leverage ratio).  

In conjunction with the closing
of the Credit Agreement, the Company terminated the entire $150,000,000 Revolving Facility and $350,000,000 of the $850,000,000
Bridge Loan Facility with GS Bank. In addition, on October 27, 2016, the Company terminated its pre-existing revolving bi-lateral
credit facilities, which consisted of $312,961,000 of committed revolving credit facilities and $292,159,000 of uncommitted credit
facilities, as well as the $50,000,000 bulge credit facility (note 20). On the same day, the Company also prepaid all outstanding
debt issued under the terminated facilities using funds from the New Facilities, which resulted in the fixed rate long-term debt
being replaced by floating rate long-term debt and $6,857,000 in early termination fees, which were recognized in net income on
the transaction date.  

ITEM
                            2:      MANAGEMENT S
                                         DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

About Us   

  Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated
( Ritchie Bros. , the  Company ,  we , or  us ) (NYSE   TSX: RBA) is the world
leader for the exchange of used equipment. Our expertise, global reach, market insight and trusted brand provide us with a unique
and leading position in the used equipment market. We primarily sell equipment for our customers through unreserved auctions held
on a worldwide basis. In addition, during 2013 we launched EquipmentOne, an online used equipment marketplace, to reach a broader
customer base. These two complementary exchange solutions provide different value propositions to equipment owners and allow us
to meet the needs and preferences of a wide spectrum of equipment sellers.  

Ritchie Bros. focuses on the
sale of heavy machinery. Through our unreserved auctions and online marketplaces, we sell a broad range of used and unused industrial
assets, including equipment and other assets used in the construction, agricultural, transportation, energy, mining, forestry,
material handling and marine industries. The majority of the assets sold through our sales channels represent construction machinery.  

We operate from 45 permanent
and regional auction sites in over 15 countries worldwide. Our world headquarters are located in Burnaby, Canada.  

On November 4, 2015, we acquired
a 75% interest in Xcira LLC ( Xcira ), a Florida-based company specializing in software and technology solutions related
to online auction bidding and sales. Ritchie Bros. was one of Xcira s first customers, and has worked very closely with
Xcira over the past 14 years to customize Xcira s solutions to meet our needs. Xcira primarily operates in the industrial
auction space, but also offers solutions to auto, art, and other luxury item auctioneers.  

On February 19, 2016, we acquired
a 100% interest in Mascus International Holding BV ( Mascus ), an Amsterdam-based company that operates a global online
portal for the sale and purchase of heavy equipment and vehicles, with the largest online market presence in Europe for heavy
machinery and trucks. Mascus offers subscriptions to equipment dealers, brokers, exporters and equipment manufacturers to list
equipment available for sale. In addition to online listing services, they also provide online advertising services, business
tools, and other software solutions to many of the world s leading equipment dealerships and equipment manufacturers. Founded
in Scandinavia, Mascus has grown rapidly over the past 15 years and now includes operations across Europe, Asia, Africa, and North
America, catering to the construction, transport, agriculture, material handling, forestry, and grounds-care industries.  

On July 12, 2016, we completed
our acquisition of the 49% non-controlling interest in Ritchie Bros. Financial Services ( RBFS ). RBFS provides equipment
buyers with the confidence to make offers on equipment, trucks and other industrial assets, with pre-approved loans and financing
arrangements. The business finances all brands of equipment and provides equipment buyers with the option to purchase assets at
Ritchie Bros. auctions, Ritchie Bros. EquipmentOne, or through other sales channels. RBFS has arrangements with a diverse group
of financial partners to provide lending solutions that meet the specific needs of equipment owners and dealers. Services offered
include pre-approved commercial equipment financing, re-financing, and leasing, as well as equipment dealer financing.  

Also on July 12, 2016, we announced
our minority investment in Machinio Corp. ( Machinio ), a global search engine for finding, buying, and selling used
machinery and equipment. With more active listings than any other website, Machinio is the most comprehensive real-time database
of for-sale listings. Machinio connects hundreds of thousands of buyers each month with thousands of used machinery dealers from
all over the world. Having launched in late 2012, Machinio is now the fastest growing online platform for used machinery.  

On August 1, 2016, we acquired
100% of the assets of Petrowsky Auctioneers ( Petrowsky ), a Connecticut-based company that sold nearly $50 million
worth of equipment and other assets at auctions in 2015, mostly in the New England, United States region.  

On August 29, 2016, we entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) pursuant to which Ritchie Bros. agreed to acquire a
100% interest in IronPlanet Holdings, Inc. ( IronPlanet ), a private company based in the United States, for approximately
$740 million in cash plus the assumption of unvested equity interests in IronPlanet, subject to adjustment, which brings the total
transaction value to approximately $758.5 million. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
will merge with and into IronPlanet, with the latter surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the  Merger ).
IronPlanet sold approximately $787 million worth of equipment and other assets through its sales channels during 2015, and has
achieved a 25.2% compounded growth rate in assets sold from 2013 through 2015.  

Consummation of the Merger is
subject to customary conditions, including (i) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and procurement of certain foreign antitrust clearances; (ii) the absence of a
material adverse change with respect to IronPlanet since the date of the Merger Agreement, as described in the Merger Agreement;
(iii) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States having provided written notice to the effect that review of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement has been concluded and has terminated all action under Section 721 of the Defense
Production Act of 1950, as amended; and (iv) absent termination of IronPlanet s registrations or withdrawal of registrations
under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the United States Department of State having concluded its review and not
taken action to block or prevent the consummation of the Merger.  

Also on August 29, 2016, we entered
into a Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement (the  Alliance ) with IronPlanet, Inc. ( IronPlanet subsidiary )
and Caterpillar Inc. ( Caterpillar ). The Alliance is subject to, contingent upon, and will not be effective until
consummation of the Merger. The Merger and Alliance are discussed further below under  strategy .  

Overview   

  The following discussion and
analysis summarizes significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results and financial condition for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks
and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including those set forth in  Part II, Item 1A: Risk Factors  of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q and in  Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015, which is available on our website at    www.rbauction.com   , on EDGAR at    www.sec.gov   ,
or on SEDAR at    www.sedar.com   .  

This discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with the  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and the consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto included in  Part I, Item 1: Consolidated Financial Statements  of this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion should also be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. None of the information on our website, EDGAR, or SEDAR is incorporated by reference into
this document by this or any other reference.  

We prepare our consolidated financial
statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( US GAAP ). Except for Gross
Auction Proceeds 1  ( GAP ) and Gross Transaction Value ( GTV ) (both described below), which
are measures of operational performance and not measures of financial performance, liquidity, or revenue, the amounts discussed
below are based on our consolidated financial statements and are presented in United States ( U.S. ) dollars. Unless
indicated otherwise, all tabular dollar amounts, including related footnotes, presented below are expressed in thousands of dollars.  

1     GAP
                                         represents the total proceeds from all items sold at our auctions and online marketplaces.
                                         It is a measure of operational performance and not a measure of financial performance,
                                         liquidity, or revenue. It is not presented in our consolidated financial statements.  

We make reference to various
non-GAAP financial and performance measures throughout this discussion and analysis. These measures do not have a standardized
meaning, and are therefore unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies.  

Consolidated Highlights    

  Key third quarter and first nine
months 2016 financial results include:  

Third
                                         quarter Revenue Rate (as described below) of 12.90%, driven mostly by growing fee-based
                                         revenue streams    

Announcement
                                         of Merger Agreement with IronPlanet, which is associated with the recognition of $4.5
                                         million of IronPlanet acquisition-related costs    

Impairment
                                         loss of $28.2 million recognized on EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer
                                         relationships    

Diluted
                                         loss per share attributable to stockholders of $0.05 in the third quarter, a 126% decrease
                                         relative to diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) of $0.19 in the third quarter
                                         of 2015    

Record
                                         third quarter and first nine months GAP of $1.0 billion and $3.3 billion, respectively    

$1.0 billion of credit facilities completed
                                                                                                                           with bank syndicate subsequent to the third quarter 2016    

Strategy   

  The following discussion highlights
how we acted on the three main drivers to our strategy during the first nine months of 2016.  

GROW Revenues and Net Income    

  Our revenues
are comprised of:  

commissions
                                         earned at our auctions where we act as an agent for consignors of equipment and other
                                         assets, as well as commissions on online marketplace sales; and     

fees
                                         earned in the process of conducting auctions through all our auction channels and from
                                         value-added service offerings, as well as subscription revenues from our listing and
                                         software services.    

Commissions from sales at our
auctions represent the percentage we earn on GAP. GAP represents the total proceeds from all items sold at our auctions and the
GTV of all items sold through our online marketplaces 2 . GTV represents total proceeds from all items sold at our online
marketplaces, as well as a buyers  premium component applicable only to our online marketplace transactions. The majority
of commissions are earned as a pre-negotiated fixed rate of the gross selling price. Other commissions are earned from underwritten
commission contracts, when we guarantee a certain level of proceeds to a consignor or purchase inventory to be sold at auction.
We believe that revenues are best understood by considering their relationship to GAP. We use Revenue Rate, which is calculated
by dividing revenues by GAP, to determine the amount of GAP changes that flow through to our revenues.  

We saw strong revenue growth
in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, primarily as a result of an increase in GAP combined with a strong Revenue
Rate compared to 2015. Changes in our Revenue Rate are driven by fluctuations in the commissions we charge on GAP and in our fee
revenues, which are not directly linked to GAP.  

2     GAP
                                         and GTV are measures of operational performance and are not measures of our financial
                                         performance, liquidity or revenue. GAP and GTV are not presented in our consolidated
                                         income statements. We believe that comparing GAP and GTV for different financial periods
                                         provides useful information about the growth or decline of our revenue and net income
                                         for the relevant financial period.  

The increase in Revenue Rate
in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 compared to the third quarter and first nine months of 2015 was primarily the
result of the performance of our straight commission contracts combined with an increase in fee revenues.  

Foreign currency exchange rates
did not significantly impact our third quarter 2016 results. However, we did experience negative foreign currency exchange rate
impacts on GAP and revenues in the first half of 2016 primarily due to the declining value of the Canadian dollar relative to
the U.S. dollar, which ultimately had an insignificant impact on operating income as a result of the partially mitigating natural
hedge we experience between our foreign-currency denominated revenues and operating expenses.  

On a U.S. dollar basis, the proportion
of GAP earned in Canada (30% of total GAP) grew in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 (28%
of total GAP), which is consistent with our focus on driving geographic depth in our existing geographies. The proportion of revenues
attributable to Canada also grew by 131 basis points ( bps ) in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first
nine months of 2015.  

On February 19, 2016, we acquired
Mascus, a leading global online equipment listing service. The acquisition expands the breadth of equipment disposition and management
solutions we can offer our customers. Mascus operates a vibrant online equipment listing service with over 360,000 items for sale
and 3.3 million monthly website visits across 58 countries and in 42 languages. The business also provides equipment sellers with
a turn-key suite of business tools and software solutions. Mascus customers will benefit from our deep equipment experience and
extensive global buying audience, providing further global exposure for Mascus equipment listings.  

On July 12, 2016, we completed
our acquisition of the 49% non-controlling interest in RBFS and announced our strategic investment in Machinio. In 2015, RBFS
received more than $1 billion of credit applications and facilitated $222 million in equipment financing for Ritchie Bros. customers
  representing 31% growth in funded loans compared to 2014, and 116% growth compared to 2013. RBFS acts as an intermediary
with select lending partners to find financing solutions for customers purchasing equipment, including loans and lease-to-own
programs. RBFS does not utilize Ritchie Bros. capital in its financing activities. These corporate development initiatives are
expected to help position us for future growth and further extend our involvement in the digital innovation of the equipment industry.  

On August 1, 2016, we acquired
Petrowsky, significantly enhancing our market presence in the New England, United States region and providing Ritchie Bros. with
a new live reserve auction platform. Petrowsky s auction sales are well aligned with Ritchie Bros.  sector focus as
they cater largely to equipment sellers in the construction and transportation industries. Petrowsky also serves customers selling
assets in the underground utility, waste recycling, marine, and commercial real estate industries. The business operates one permanent
auction site, in North Franklin, United States, which will continue to hold auctions, and also specializes in off-site auctions
held on the land of the consignor. All Petrowsky auctions are also simulcast live online, allowing online bidders to participate.
The Petrowsky brand will be maintained as a brand extension within the Ritchie Bros. family of brands, given its strong and loyal
customer base and its offering of reserve auction options.  

On August 29, 2016, we announced
the Merger Agreement with IronPlanet. We believe that the Merger will accelerate our customer-centric, multi-channel diversification
strategy by increasing customer choice, enhancing online offerings, and providing penetration into large, additional sectors.
The Merger is expected to significantly increase revenue and net income by using the strength of our balance sheet. Founded in
1999, IronPlanet complements Ritchie Bros.  primarily end-user customer base, as it focuses largely on the needs of corporate
accounts, equipment manufacturers, dealers, and government entities in equipment disposition solutions. It conducts sales primarily
through online-only platforms, with weekly online auctions and in other equipment marketplaces.  

Also on August 29, 2016, we entered
into the Alliance, which provides that upon consummation of the Merger, Caterpillar shall designate Ritchie Bros. as a  preferred 
but nonexclusive provider of online and on-site auctions and marketplaces (including those of IronPlanet) in the countries where
we do business. In exchange for this designation, Caterpillar will receive commission rate discounts to our standard rates, as
well access to certain data and information. We believe the Alliance will significantly strengthen our relationship with Caterpillar
dealers.  

DRIVE Efficiencies and Effectiveness   

  In early 2016, we initiated a
revision to our short-term incentive plans for all management levels. This revision simplified the plans to focus on three rather
than four financial measures. For directors and above, the revision prioritizes financial measures above individual goals, with
a minimum of 70% of the short-term incentive based on financial results, as opposed to a 50% minimum. We believe that such
a shift will better align employee incentives with our objective of increasing shareholder value.  

In addition, we announced the
following appointments, which improved the alignment of our organizational structure:  

Becky
                                         Alseth as Chief Marketing Officer effective January 4, 2016    

Also in early 2016, we implemented
a new capital expenditure approval process, which included the establishment of a Capital Committee to review and approve all
significant capital information technology projects. The primary goal of the Capital Committee is to continue to control our capital
expenditure, maximizing returns on information technology investments and realizing  quick wins  with respect to process
and customer service improvements.  

During the second quarter of
2016, our first  quick win  project was successfully launched. This project involved an integration of our auction
site operational processes with our administrative office accounting procedures. By automating the post-sale customer receipt
process, we were able to greatly reduce the amount of time and expense required to match customer receipts with sale invoices,
thereby ensuring timely release of customer equipment purchased at auction. These time savings have enabled our personnel to focus
on customer needs and improve the customer experience. The project qualified as a  quick win  due to the minimal capital
expenditure that was required, the short implementation timeframe, and the fact that it drove significant efficiencies in our
post-sale processes.  

During the first nine months
of 2016, we continued to be diligent in our valuations and methodology as it pertains to sectors that continue to experience pressure,
including oil and gas and mining, in order to compete effectively and grow the business in those sectors.  

OPTIMIZE our Balance Sheet   

  On March 1, 2016, we were granted
approval of a new normal course issuer bid by the Toronto Stock Exchange ( TSX ), to allow us to continue pursuing
share repurchases through both the New York Stock Exchange and the TSX.  We intend to continue using our share repurchase
program to primarily neutralize dilution from options.  In March 2016, we repurchased 1.46 million of our common shares at
a total cost of $36.7 million in order to address option dilution, consistent with our capital allocation priorities.   

Also during the first nine months
of 2016, we paid dividends of $52.3 million to our stockholders. In total we returned $89.0 million to our stockholders as we
executed on our capital allocation strategy during the first nine months of 2016. We also managed our net capital spending such
that it remains well below our target of 10% of our revenues on a trailing 12-month basis. We calculate the GAAP measure, net
capital spending, directly from consolidated statement of cash flows by adding property, plant and equipment additions to intangible
asset additions, and subtracting proceeds on disposition of property, plant and equipment.  

On August 29 ,2016, in connection
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we obtained a financing commitment (the  Commitment Letter ) from Goldman
Sachs Bank USA ( GS Bank ) pursuant to which GS Bank was committed to provide (i) a senior secured revolving credit
facility in an aggregate principal amount of $150 million (the  Revolving Facility ), and (ii) a senior unsecured
bridge loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $850 million (the  Bridge Facility , and together with the
Revolving Facility, the  Facilities ).  

As noted above, the Merger between
Ritchie Bros. and IronPlanet is expected to significantly increase revenue and net income by using the strength of our balance
sheet.  

On October 27, 2016, we closed
a new five-year credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with a syndicate of lenders, including Bank of America,
N.A. ( BofA ) and Royal Bank of Canada, which provides us with:  

1)    Multicurrency revolving facilities
                                         of up to $675.0 million (the  Multicurrency Facilities );    

2)    A delayed-draw term loan facility
                                         of up to $325.0 million (the  Delayed-Draw Facility  and together, the  New
                                         Facilities ); and    

3)    At our election and subject to certain
                                         conditions, including receipt of related commitments, incremental term loan facilities
                                         and/or increases to the Multicurrency Facilities in an aggregate amount of up to $50
                                         million.    

In conjunction with the closing
of the Credit Agreement, we terminated the entire $150 million Revolving Facility and $350 million of the $850 million Bridge
Facility in order to provide us with more suitable covenants and financial flexibility. Debt from the Credit Agreement will initially
be used to finance the Merger with IronPlanet.  

Used Equipment Market Update   

  Overall, the used equipment market
was stable through the first nine months of 2016. We saw a marginal improvement in pricing during the third quarter of 2016. However,
pricing remained lower than the used equipment valuation peak that occurred in the first quarter of 2015.  

We continued to see performance
vary among asset sectors and geographies. Sectors that had been under extreme downward pressure in previous quarters, including
the oil and gas and mining sectors, saw some positive movement in commodity pricing in the third quarter of 2016. As a result,
we started to see some assets that had been immobile since early 2015 slowly begin to be utilized in certain geographies. In terms
of equipment values, North America continued to be our strongest geographical region in the first nine months of 2016, responding
most favorably to changes in commodity pricing and the overall economic environment.  

We also continued to see an improvement
in the overall age of equipment coming to market relative to recent years; a trend that we believe results from the increase in
Original Equipment Manufacturer production that began in 2010 and is generating more transactions in the current used equipment
marketplace, as well as creating larger pools of used equipment for future transactions. We continue to closely monitor new equipment
production models, dealer and rental sales performance, and pricing actions in light of pressures in the broader industrial equipment
sector.  

Results of Operations   

    Third Quarter Update    

Gross Auction Proceeds   

  GAP was $1.0 billion for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, a third quarter record and a 12% increase over the third quarter of 2015. Included in our
third quarter 2016 GAP is $42.1 million of GTV from our online marketplaces, which represents a 39% increase over GTV of $30.4
million in the third quarter of 2015. The increase in GAP is primarily due to an increase in the number of core auction lots year-over-year.
The total number of lots at industrial and agricultural auctions grew 6%, increasing to 98,500 in the third quarter of 2016 from
92,600 in the third quarter of 2015. In addition, core auction GAP increased 4% on a per-lot basis to $9,700 in the third quarter
of 2016 from $9,300 in the third quarter of 2015.  

GAP, on a U.S. dollar basis,
grew in the United States and Canada in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. However, this growth
was partially offset by reductions in GAP in Europe and the rest of the world over the same comparative period.  

Foreign exchange rates did not
have a significant impact on GAP in the third quarter of 2016.  

During the third quarter of 2016,
we continued to actively pursue the use of underwritten commission contracts from a strategic perspective, entering into such
contracts only when the risk/reward profile of the terms were agreeable. The volume of underwritten commission contracts increased
to 27% of our GAP in the third quarter of 2016 from 24% in the third quarter of 2015. Straight commission contracts continue to
account for the majority of our GAP.  

Revenues and Revenue Rate   

Our commission rate and overall
Revenue Rate are presented in the graph below:  

The distribution of our revenues
across the geographic regions in which we operate was as follows, where the geographic location of revenues corresponds to the
location in which the sale occurred, or in the case of online sales, where the company earning the revenues is incorporated:  

Revenues increased 18% in the
third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to volume increases in GAP combined with a strong Revenue
Rate. Included in third quarter 2016 revenues were $4.1 million of revenues from EquipmentOne, which represents a 5% increase
over EquipmentOne revenues of $3.9 million in the third quarter of 2015. Petrowsky contributed $0.4 million in revenues during
the third quarter of 2016, of which $0.2 million were commissions.  

Our Revenue Rate increased 68
bps to 12.90% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 12.22% in the third quarter of 2015. This increase is primarily due to
the performance of our underwritten contracts combined with an increase in fee revenue, which is not directly linked to GAP. Our
third quarter 2016 overall average commission rate was 9.62%, compared to 9.35% in the third quarter of 2015. This increase is
primarily due to the performance of our underwritten business. Our underwritten contract commission rates and volume increased
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  

Our fee revenue earned in the
third quarter of 2016 represented 3.28% of GAP compared to 2.87% of GAP in the third quarter of 2015. The increase was primarily
due to an increase in financing and other fees resulting from the improved performance of our value-added service offerings, combined
with the mix of equipment sold at our auctions. Financing fees from RBFS increased 36% to $2.9 million in the third quarter of
2016 from $2.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. Mascus contributed $2.0 million of subscription, license, and other fee revenues
in the third quarter of 2016. Xcira contributed $1.0 million of technology service fees in the third quarter of 2016. Petrowsky
contributed $0.2 million of fees during the third quarter of 2016.  

Revenue grew in Canada and the
United States during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to increases
in GAP in those regions. Comparatively, revenues in Europe and the rest of the world decreased in the third quarter of 2016 compared
to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to the decreases in GAP in those regions.  

Foreign exchange rates did not
have a significant impact on revenues in the third quarter of 2016.  

Costs of services   

  Costs of services are comprised
of expenses incurred in direct relation to conducting auctions, earning online marketplace revenues, and earning other fee revenues.
Costs incurred in direct relation to conducting our auctions include labour, buildings, facilities and technology expenses, and
travel, advertising and promotion expenses. Costs of services incurred to earn online marketplace revenues include inventory management,
referral, inspection, sampling, and appraisal fees. Costs of services incurred in earning other fee revenues include labour, commissions
on sales, software maintenance fees, and materials.  

Costs of services exclude depreciation,
and amortization expenses. In comparative periods, costs of services consisted entirely of direct expenses. Primarily as a result
of the Xcira and Mascus acquisitions, significant other costs of services are now incurred in earning our revenues.  

Costs of services
increased $2.7 million or 22% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. Costs of services related
to our Core Auction segment were $14.1 million, or 1.41% of GAP, in the third quarter of 2016 compared $12.0 million, or
1.35% of GAP, in the third quarter of 2015. This $2.1 million increase is primarily due to the increase in number of lots at
our auctions, combined with an increase in the number of agricultural auctions and auctions located in frontier regions
  which typically cost more to operate than auctions held at our permanent and regional auction sites   and the
recognition of costs of services from Xcira and Petrowsky of $0.7 million and $0.1 million, respectively.  

During the third
quarter of 2016, 88% of our GAP was attributable to auctions held at our permanent and regional auction sites, including
those located in frontier regions, compared to 87% in the third quarter of 2015. We held 73 auctions in the each of the third
quarters of 2016 and 2015.  

EquipmentOne
and Mascus contributed $0.4 million and $0.2 million, respectively, to our total costs of services in the third quarter of
2016. Prior to fiscal 2016, costs of services generated by EquipmentOne were insignificant and recorded within selling,
general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses.  

Selling, general and administrative
expenses   

  SG A expenses by nature are
presented below:  

Our SG A expenses increased
$10.8 million, or 19%, in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. Foreign exchange rates did not have
a significant impact on SG A expenses in the third quarter of 2016.  

Employee compensation expenses
increased $6.8 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. The primary drivers of the increase
in employee compensation were $2.8 million higher share-based payments and the 8% net growth of our headcount. Mascus, Xcira,
and Petrowsky contributed $1.0 million, $0.8 million, and $0.3 million, respectively, to employee compensation expenses in the
third quarter of 2016.  

The increase in share-based payment
expenses over the same period is primarily due to an increase in the fair value of our share units related to the performance
of our common share price and an increase in the number of participants in the plans as a result of promotions and headcount increases
(including new executives). Our share price closed at $35.07 per common share on September 30, 2016, compared to $25.88 per common
share on September 30, 2015.  

Buildings, facilities and technology
costs increased $2.0 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. This increase is primarily attributable
to our value-added service offerings, and in particular, the costs required to support the growing fee revenues generated by that
business. Mascus, Petrowsky, and Xcira contributed $0.2 million, $0.1 million, and $0.1 million, respectively, to buildings, facilities
and technology costs in the third quarter of 2016.  

Travel, advertising and promotion
increased $0.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to an increase in rental
fees as a result of a replacement of our aged and retired company vehicles with new vehicles under operating leases. Mascus and
Petrowsky contributed $0.2 million and $0.1 million to travel, advertising and promotion expenses in the third quarter of 2016.  

Professional fees increased $0.5
million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to legal fees and accretion of deferred
consulting service fees related to our acquisition of the 49% non-controlling interest in RBFS. These costs are not classified
as  acquisition-related costs  (as discussed below) as this transaction does not represent a business combination.  

Other SG A increased $0.7
million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily in response to the increase in ancillary
services and auction activity.  

Included in third quarter 2016
SG A expenses are $3.5 million of SG A expenses from EquipmentOne, which increased 3% over EquipmentOne SG A expenses
of $3.4 million in the third quarter of 2015.  

Acquisition-related costs   

  Acquisition-related costs consist
of operating expenses directly incurred as part of a business combination and the Merger, including advisory, legal, accounting,
valuation, and other professional or consulting fees, as well as travel and securities filing fees.  

Third quarter 2016 acquisition-related
costs consisted of $4.5 million and $0.2 million associated with IronPlanet and Petrowsky, respectively.  

Impairment loss   

  During the third quarter of 2016,
we identified an indicator of impairment on our EquipmentOne reporting unit. The indicator consisted of a decline in actual and
forecasted revenue and operating income compared with previously projected results, which was primarily due to the recent performance
of the EquipmentOne reporting unit. Accordingly, we performed an impairment test that resulted in the recognition of an impairment
loss of $28.2 million on our EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships as at September 30, 2016. Refer to
 Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions  below for details of the EquipmentOne reporting
unit impairment testing.  

Operating income   

  Operating income decreased $26.3
million, or 92%, to $2.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $28.6 million in the third quarter of 2015. This decrease
is primarily due to the impairment loss recognized on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships during
the third quarter of 2016 combined with increases in SG A expenses, acquisition-related costs, and costs of services, and
partially offset by the increase in revenues during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. Adjusted
operating income 3  (non-GAAP measure) increased $1.9 million, or 7%, to $30.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared
to $28.6 million in the third quarter of 2015.  

Operating income margin, which
is our operating income divided by revenues, decreased 2440 bps to 1.8% in the third quarter of 2016 compared to 26.2% in the
third quarter of 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the impairment loss recognized on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill
and customer relationships during the third quarter of 2016 combined with increases in SG A expenses, acquisition-related
costs, and costs of services, partially offset by the increase in revenues during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third
quarter of 2015. Adjusted operating income margin 4  (non-GAAP measure) decreased 250 bps to 23.7% in the third quarter
of 2016 from 26.2% in the third quarter of 2015.  

Foreign exchange rates did not
have a significant impact on operating income in the third quarter of 2016.  

3     Adjusted
                                         operating income is a non-GAAP measure. We use income statement and balance sheet performance
                                         scorecards to align our operations with our strategic priorities. We concentrate on a
                                         limited number of metrics to ensure focus and to facilitate quarterly performance discussions.
                                         Our income statement scorecard includes the performance metric, adjusted operating income.
                                         We believe that comparing adjusted operating income for different financial periods provides
                                         useful information about the growth or decline of operating income for the relevant financial
                                         period. We calculate adjusted operating income by eliminating from operating income the
                                         pre-tax effects of significant non-recurring items that we do not consider to be part
                                         of our normal operating results, such as management reorganization costs, severance,
                                         gains/losses on sale of certain property, plant and equipment, impairment losses, and
                                         certain other items, which we refer to as  adjusting items . Adjusted operating
                                         income is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our consolidated
                                         financial statements under  Non-GAAP Measures  below.  

4     Our
                                         income statement scorecard includes the performance metric, adjusted operating income
                                         margin, which is a non-GAAP measure. We believe that comparing adjusted operating income
                                         margin for different financial periods provides useful information about the growth or
                                         decline of our operating income for the relevant financial period. We calculate adjusted
                                         operating income margin by dividing adjusted operating income (non-GAAP measure) by revenues.
                                         Adjusted operating income margin is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures
                                         in our consolidated financial statements under  Non-GAAP Measures  below.  

Other income (expense)   

  Other income (expense) is comprised
of the following:  

Income tax expense and effective
tax rate   

  At the end of each interim period,
we make our best estimate of the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. The estimate reflects,
among other items, our best estimate of operating results.  It does not include the estimated impact of foreign exchange
rates or unusual and/or infrequent items, which may cause significant variations in the customary relationship between income
tax expense and income before income taxes.  

For the three months ended September
30, 2016, income tax expense was $7.2 million, compared to an income tax expense of $7.8 million for the same comparative period
in 2015. Our effective tax rate was 329.4% in the third quarter of 2016, compared to 26.8% in the third quarter of 2015. The increase
in the effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 was primarily due to the higher estimate
of non-deductible goodwill impairment loss and acquisition-related costs.  

Net income (loss)   

  Net income attributable to stockholders
decreased $26.0 million, or 125% to a net loss attributable to stockholders of $5.1 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared
to net income attributable to stockholders of $20.8 million in the third quarter of 2015. This decrease is primarily due the recognition
of the $28.2 million impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships, combined with the
increase in SG A expenses, acquisition-related costs, and costs of services, and partially offset by the increase in revenues
over the same comparative period. Adjusted net income attributable to stockholders 5  (non-GAAP measure) increased $0.5
million, or 2%, to $21.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 from $20.8 million in the third quarter of 2015.  

For these same reasons, net
income decreased $26.2 million, or 124%, to a net loss of $5.0 million in the third quarter of 2016 from net income of $21.2
million in the third quarter of 2015. Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization
( EBITDA ) 6  (non-GAAP measure) increased $1.5 million, or 4%, to $41.2 million, in the third quarter of 2016 from
$39.7 million in the third quarter of 2015.  

5     Adjusted
                                         net income attributable to stockholders is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that
                                         comparing adjusted net income attributable to stockholders for different financial periods
                                         provides useful information about the growth or decline of our net income attributable
                                         to stockholders for the relevant financial period, and eliminates the financial impact
                                         of adjusting items we do not consider to be part of our normal operating results. Adjusted
                                         net income attributable to stockholders represents net income attributable to stockholders
                                         excluding the effects of adjusting items and is reconciled to the most directly comparable
                                         GAAP measures in our consolidated financial statements under  Non-GAAP Measures 
                                         below.  

6     Adjusted
                                         EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe provides useful information about
                                         the growth or decline of our net income when compared between different financial periods.
                                         Adjusted EBITDA is also an element of the performance criteria for certain performance
                                         share units we granted to our employees and officers in 2013 and 2014. Adjusted EBITDA
                                         is calculated by adding back depreciation and amortization expenses, interest expense,
                                         and current income tax expense, and subtracting interest income and deferred income tax
                                         recovery from net income excluding the pre-tax effects of adjusting items. Adjusted EBITDA
                                         is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our consolidated financial
                                         statements under  Non-GAAP Measures  below.  

Net income margin, which we calculate
by dividing net income by revenues, decreased 2330 bps to -3.9% in the third quarter of 2016 from 19.4% in the third quarter of
2015. This decrease is primarily due to the impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships,
combined with the increase in SG A expenses, acquisition-related costs, and costs of services, and partially offset by the
increase in revenues over the same comparative period. Adjusted EBITDA margin 7  (non-GAAP measure) decreased 430 bps
to 32.0% in the third quarter of 2016 from 36.3% in the third quarter of 2015.  

Diluted EPS   

  Diluted EPS attributable to stockholders
decreased 126% to a diluted net loss per share attributable to stockholders of $0.05 per share in the third quarter of 2016 from
diluted EPS attributable to stockholders of $0.19 per share in the third quarter of 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the
decrease in net income attributable to stockholders over the same comparative period. Diluted adjusted EPS attributable to stockholders 8
 (non-GAAP measure) increased 5% to $0.20 per share in the third quarter of 2016 from $0.19 per share in the third quarter
of 2015.  

7     Adjusted
                                         EBITDA margin is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe provides useful information
                                         about the growth or decline of our net income when compared between different financial
                                         periods. Adjusted EBITDA margin presents adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP measure) as a multiple
                                         of revenues. Adjusted EBITDA margin is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP
                                         measures in our consolidated financial statements under  Non-GAAP Measures 
                                         below.  

8     Diluted
                                         adjusted EPS attributable to stockholders is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe
                                         that comparing diluted adjusted EPS attributable to stockholders for different financial
                                         periods provides useful information about the growth or decline of our diluted EPS attributable
                                         to stockholders for the relevant financial period, and eliminates the financial impact
                                         of adjusting items we do not consider to be part of our normal operating results. Diluted
                                         adjusted EPS attributable to stockholders is calculated by dividing adjusted net income
                                         attributable to stockholders (non-GAAP measure) by the weighted average number of dilutive
                                         shares outstanding. Diluted adjusted EPS attributable to stockholders is reconciled to
                                         the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our consolidated financial statements under
                                          Non-GAAP Measures  below.  

Year-to-Date Performance    

Gross Auction Proceeds   

  GAP was $3.3 billion for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, a 6% increase over the first nine months of 2015. Included in GAP for the first nine months
of 2016 is $107.4 million of GTV from our online marketplaces, which represents a 28% increase over GTV of $83.9 million in the
first nine months of 2015. The increase in GAP is primarily due to an increase in the number of core auction lots year-over-year.
The total number of lots at industrial and agricultural auctions grew 14%, increasing to 321,400 in the first nine months of 2016
from 280,700 in the first nine months of 2015. However, core auction GAP decreased 8% on a per-lot basis to $9,900 in the first
nine months of 2016 from $10,800 in the first nine months of 2015.  

GAP, on a U.S. dollar basis,
grew in the United States and Canada in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. However, this
growth was partially offset by a reduction in GAP in Europe over the same comparative period. GAP in the rest of the world grew
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. GAP in the first nine months of 2016 would
have been $52.6 million higher, resulting in an 8% increase over the first nine months of 2015, if foreign exchange rates had
remained consistent with those in 2015. This adverse effect on GAP is primarily due to the declining value of the Canadian dollar
and the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar.  

During the first nine months
of 2016, we continued to actively pursue the use of underwritten commission contracts from a strategic perspective, entering into
such contracts only when the risk/reward profile of the terms were agreeable. The volume of underwritten commission contracts
decreased to 25% of our GAP in the first nine months of 2016 from 29% in the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to the underwritten
contracts associated with the Casper, Wyoming, offsite auction that was held on March 25, 2015. Straight commission contracts
continue to account for the majority of our GAP.  

Revenues and Revenue Rate   

The distribution of our revenues
across the geographic regions in which we operate was as follows, where the geographic location of revenues corresponds to the
location in which the sale occurred, or in the case of online sales, where the company earning the revenues is incorporated:  

Revenues increased 10% in the
first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to volume increases in GAP combined with a
strong Revenue Rate. Included in revenues for the first nine months of 2016 were $11.7 million of revenues from EquipmentOne,
which represents a 9% increase over EquipmentOne revenues of $10.7 million in the first nine months of 2015.  

Our Revenue Rate
increased 52 bps to 12.74% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 12.22% in the first nine months of 2015. This
increase is primarily due to the performance of our straight commission contracts combined with an increase in fee revenue,
which is not directly linked to GAP. Our overall average commission rate was 9.53% for the first nine months of 2016,
compared to 9.68% in the first nine months of 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the performance of our underwritten
business. Our underwritten contract commission rates and volume decreased during the first nine months of 2016 compared to
the first nine months of 2015.  

Our fee revenue earned in the
first nine months of 2016 represented 3.20% of GAP compared to 2.54% of GAP in the first nine months of 2015. The increase was
primarily due to an increase in financing and other fees resulting from the improved performance of our value-added service offerings,
combined with the mix of equipment sold at our auctions. Financing fees from RBFS increased 32% to $8.9 million in the first nine
months of 2016 from $6.8 million in the first nine months of 2015. Mascus contributed $5.3 million of subscription, license, and
other fee revenues in the first nine months of 2016. Xcira contributed $3.5 million of technology service fees in the first nine
months of 2016.  

Revenue grew in Canada,
the United States, and Europe in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result
of increases in GAP in Canada and the United States, an increase in  Revenue Rate in the United States, as well
as the acquisitions of Mascus and Xcira. Comparatively, revenues in the rest of the world were
consistent year-over-year.  

Foreign exchange rates had a
negative impact on revenues in the first nine months of 2016 as a significant portion of revenues are in Canada and the Netherlands.
Refer to the table under  Translational impact of foreign exchange rates  below for details of the foreign exchange
rate impact.  

Costs of services   

  Costs of services increased $9.1
million or 22% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. Costs of services related to our Core
Auction segment were $48.4 million, or 1.47% of GAP, in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $40.7 million, or 1.31% of GAP,
in the first nine months of 2015.  

This $7.7 million increase is
primarily due to the increase in number of lots at our auctions, the increase in the number of agricultural auctions and auctions
located in frontier regions, the recognition of costs of services from Xcira of $2.1 million, and a strategic increase in advertising
and promotional expenditure targeted at our larger auctions, including our five-day, premier global auction in Orlando, United
States. We believe the targeted increase in advertising and promotional expenditure contributed to the increase in GAP.  

During the first nine months
of 2016, 87% of our GAP was attributable to auctions held at our permanent and regional auction sites, including those located
in frontier regions, compared to 85% in the first nine months of 2015. We held 267 auctions in the first nine months of 2016,
compared to 262 in the first nine months of 2015. The proportion of GAP earned at those sites increased over the same comparative
period.  

EquipmentOne and Mascus contributed
$0.9 million and $0.6 million, respectively, to our total costs of services in the first nine months of 2016. Prior to fiscal
2016, costs of services generated by EquipmentOne were insignificant and recorded within SG A expenses.  

Certain prior quarter expenses
have been reclassified within costs of services to confirm with current year presentation.  

Selling, general and administrative
expenses   

  SG A expenses by nature are
presented below:  

Our SG A expenses increased
$24.0 million, or 13%, in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. Foreign exchange rates had
a positive impact on SG A expenses in the first nine months of 2016 as a significant portion of administration expenses are
in Canada and the Netherlands. Refer to the table under  Translational impact of foreign exchange rates  below for
details of the foreign exchange rate impact.  

Prior period acquisition-related
costs have been reclassified and presented separately from SG A expenses to conform with current quarter presentation.  

Employee compensation expenses
increased $13.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. This increase included a positive
effect from foreign exchange rates of $2.5 million. Removing foreign exchange impacts, the primary drivers of the increase in
employee compensation were the 8% net growth of our headcount, $6.6 million higher share-based payments, $2.9 million from Mascus,
and $2.1 million from Xcira. Employee compensation expenses in the first nine months of 2015 included $2.1 million in termination
benefits resulting from the Separation Agreement with our former Chief Sales Officer.  

The increase in share-based payment
expenses over the same period is primarily due to an increase in the fair value of our share units related to the performance
of our common share price, the impact of the change in accounting treatment of certain of our performance share units ( PSUs )
from liability to equity-classified as a result of shareholder approval of our PSU plans on May 2, 2016, and an increase in the
number of participants in the plans as a result of promotions and headcount increases (including new executives).  

Buildings, facilities and technology
costs increased $5.8 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. This increase is primarily
attributable to our value-added service offerings, and in particular, the costs required to support the growing fee revenues generated
by that business. Mascus and Xcira contributed $0.5 million and $0.3 million, respectively, in the first nine months of 2016.
The increase is also due to the fact that we had fewer software capitalization projects to which various information technology
costs were able to be capitalized to in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. The reduction
in the number of projects is a result of significant system transformation projects (in which legacy software systems were replaced
or upgraded) having reached completion at the end of the first quarter of 2015, combined with controlled capital spending.  

Travel, advertising and promotion
increased $2.3 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to an increase
in rental fees as a result of a replacement of our aged and retired company vehicles with new vehicles under operating leases.
The increase was also due to a strategic increase in advertising and promotional expenditure targeted at our larger auction events
and integration of acquired businesses, as well as an increase in the number of tradeshows we participated in during the first
nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  

Other SG A increased $2.7
million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to increased yard and office
supplies required to support the increased ancillary service and auction activity, as well as headcount.  

Included in SG A expenses
for the first nine months of 2016 are $9.7 million of SG A expenses from EquipmentOne, which decreased 3% over EquipmentOne
SG A expenses of $10.0 million in the first nine months of 2015.  

Acquisition-related costs   

  Acquisition-related costs for
the first nine months of 2016 consisted of $4.5 million, $0.7 million, and $0.2 million associated with IronPlanet, Mascus, and
Petrowsky, respectively.  

Impairment loss   

  During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we recognized an impairment loss of $28.2 million on our EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer
relationships.  

Operating income   

  Operating income decreased $29.3
million, or 24% to $95.1 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $124.4 million in the first nine months of 2015.
This decrease is primarily due to the impairment loss recognized on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships
during the third quarter of 2016 combined with increases in SG A expenses, costs of services, acquisition-related costs, and
foreign exchange losses, and partially offset by the increase in revenues during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the
first nine months of 2015. Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP measure) decreased $1.1 million, or 1%, to $123.3 million in the
first nine months of 2016 compared to $124.4 million in the first nine months of 2015.  

Operating income margin decreased
1000 bps to 22.7% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 32.7% in the first nine months of 2015. This decrease is primarily
due to the impairment loss recognized on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships during the third
quarter of 2016 combined with increases in SG A expenses, costs of services, acquisition-related costs, and foreign exchange
losses, and partially offset by the increase in revenues during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months
of 2015. Adjusted operating income margin (non-GAAP measure) decreased 330 bps to 29.4% in the first nine months of 2016 from
32.7% in the first nine months of 2015.  

Foreign exchange rates had a
negative impact on operating income in the first nine months of 2016. Refer to the table under  Translational impact of
foreign exchange rates  below for details of the foreign exchange rate impact.  

Other income (expense)   

  Other income (expense) is comprised
of the following:  

Income tax expense and effective
tax rate   

  For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, income tax expense was $29.9 million, compared to an income tax expense of $34.6 million for the same comparative period
in 2015. Our effective tax rate was 31.3% in the first nine months of 2016, compared to 27.5% in the first nine months of 2015.
The increase in the effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 was primarily
due to the higher estimate of non-deductible goodwill impairment loss and acquisition-related costs, partially offset by a greater
estimated proportion of annual earnings taxed in jurisdictions with lower tax rates for fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015.  

Net income   

  Net income attributable to stockholders
decreased $25.7 million, or 29%, to $64.0 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $89.7 million in the first nine
months of 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer
relationships, combined with increases in SG A expenses, costs of services, acquisition-related costs, and foreign exchange
loss, and partially offset by the increase in revenues and decrease in income tax expense over the same comparative period. Adjusted
net income attributable to stockholders (non-GAAP measure) increased $0.7 million, or 1%, to $90.4 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 from $89.7 million during the same period in 2015.  

For these same reasons, net income
decreased $25.6 million, or 28%, to $65.6 million in the first nine months of 2016 from $91.2 million in the first nine months
of 2015. Adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP measure) decreased $2.6 million, or 2%, to $156.3 million, in the first nine months of 2016
from $159.0 million in the first nine months of 2015.  

Net income margin decreased 840
bps to 15.6% in the first nine months of 2016 from 24.0% in the first nine months of 2015. This decrease is primarily due to the
impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships, combined with increases in SG A expenses,
costs of services, acquisition-related costs, and foreign exchange loss, and partially offset by the increase in revenues and
decrease in income tax expense over the same comparative period. Adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP measure) decreased 450 bps to
37.3% in the first nine months of 2016 from 41.8% in the first nine months of 2015.  

Debt at September 30, 2016 represented
1.2 times net income as at and for the 12 months ended September 30, 2016. This compares to debt at September 30, 2015, which
represented 0.9 times net income as at and for the 12 months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in this debt/net income multiplier
is primarily due to an increase in debt from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016, combined with a decrease in net income
for the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the 12 months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in debt is primarily
due to an increase in short-term debt, which was $39.0 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $9.7 million at September 30,
2015. This $29.3 million, or 302%, increase in short-term debt is primarily due to borrowings during the third quarter of 2016
to fund the acquisition of the 49% non-controlling interest in RBFS. Net income for the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 was
$113.0 million compared to $123.2 million for the same period ended September 30, 2015. This $10.2 million, or 8%, decrease is
primarily due to the impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill customer relationships, as well as increases
in SG A expenses, costs of services, and acquisition-related costs, partially offset by the increase in revenues and gains
on disposition of property, plant and equipment, combined with a decrease in income tax expense. Debt/adjusted EBITDA 9 
(non-GAAP measure) was 0.7 as at and for the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 0.5 as at and for the 12 months ended
September 30, 2015.  

Diluted EPS   

  Diluted EPS attributable to stockholders
decreased 28% to $0.60 per share in the first nine months of 2016 from $0.83 per share in the first nine months of 2015. This
decrease is primarily due to the decrease in net income attributable to stockholders, partially offset by a 211,969 decrease in
the weighted average number of dilutive shares outstanding over the same comparative period. Diluted adjusted EPS attributable
to stockholders (non-GAAP measure) increased 1% to $0.84 per share in the first nine months of 2016 from $0.83 per share in the
first nine months of 2015.  

Foreign exchange loss and
effect of exchange rate movement on income statement components   

  We conduct operations around
the world in a number of different currencies, but our presentation currency is the U.S. dollar. In the first nine months of 2016,
approximately 44% of our revenues and 57% of our operating expenses were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar,
compared to 43% and 58%, respectively in the first nine months of 2015.  

Transactional impact of
foreign exchange rates    

  We recognized $0.3 million of
transactional foreign exchange losses in the first nine months of 2016, compared to $2.1 million of transactional foreign exchange
gains during the same period in 2015. Foreign exchange losses and gains are primarily the result of settlement of foreign-denominated
monetary assets and liabilities.  

Translational impact of
foreign exchange rates    

  Since late 2014, there has been
significant weakening of the Canadian dollar and the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar. This weakening of the Canadian dollar and
Euro has affected our reported operating income when non-U.S. dollar amounts were translated into U.S. dollars for financial statement
reporting purposes.  

9     Our
                                         balance sheet scorecard includes the performance metric, debt/adjusted EBITDA, which
                                         is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that comparing debt/adjusted EBIDTA on a
                                         trailing 12-month basis for different financial periods provides useful information about
                                         the performance of our operations, and in particular, it is an indicator of the amount
                                         of time it would take for us to settle both our short and long-term debt. We do not consider
                                         this to be a measure of our liquidity, which is our ability to settle only short-term
                                         obligations, but rather a measure of how well we fund liquidity. Measures of liquidity
                                         are discussed further below under  liquidity and capital resources . We calculate
                                         debt/adjusted EBITDA by dividing debt by adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP measure). Debt/adjusted
                                         EBITDA is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our consolidated
                                         financial statements under  Non-GAAP Measures  below.  

Constant Currency amounts and
Translational FX Impact are non-GAAP financial measures. We calculate our Constant Currency amounts by applying prior period foreign
exchange rates to current period transactional currency amounts. We define Translational FX Impact as the amounts we report under
GAAP, less Constant Currency amounts. We believe that presenting Constant Currency amounts and Translational FX Impact, and comparing
Constant Currency amounts to prior period results, provides useful information regarding the potential effect of changes in foreign
exchange rates on our performance and the growth or decline in our operating income by eliminating the financial impact of items
we do not consider to be part of our normal operating results.  

The following tables present
our Constant Currency results and Translational FX Impact for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as well as reconcile
those metrics to first nine months of 2016, 2015 and 2014 revenues, costs of services, SG A expenses, acquisition-related
costs, depreciation and amortization expenses, gain on disposition of property, plant and equipment, impairment loss, foreign
exchange loss/gain, and operating income, which are the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our consolidated financial statements:  

U.S. dollar exchange rate
comparison   

The majority of the change in
the value of the U.S. dollar to the Canadian dollar and the Euro occurred during the first quarter of 2015. Since that time, the
U.S. dollar continued a more moderate appreciation against those currencies. The weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the
Canadian dollar and the Euro between September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016 substantially occurred during the third quarter
of 2016.  

Operations Update   

  The majority of our business
continues to be generated by our core auction operations. During the first nine months of 2016, we conducted 162 unreserved
industrial auctions at locations in North America, Central America, Europe, the Middle East, Australia, New Zealand,
and Asia, compared to 162 during the first nine months of 2015. We also held 105 unreserved agricultural auctions in the
first nine months of 2016, compared to 100 in the first nine months of 2015.  

Our key industrial auction metrics 10
 are shown below:  

We continued to see increases
in all key industrial auction metrics in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily as
a result of our focused efforts on growing the business combined with a stable used equipment market.  

10     For
                                         a breakdown of these key industrial auction metrics by month, please refer to our website
                                         at    www.rbauction.com   . None of the information
                                         in our website is incorporated by reference into this document by this or any other reference.  

Although our auctions vary in
size, our average industrial auction results on a trailing 12-month basis are described in the following table:  

For the same reasons discussed
above, we continued to see improvements in all of our average industrial auction metrics for the 12 months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the 12 months ended September 30, 2015.  

Website metrics  11   

  The Ritchie Bros. website (   www.rbauction.com   )
is a gateway to our online bidding system that allows bidders to participate in our auctions over the internet and showcases upcoming
auctions and equipment to be sold. This online bidding service gives our auction customers the choice of how they want to do business
with us and access to both live and online auction participation.  

Internet bidders comprised 65%
of the total bidder registrations at our industrial auctions in the first nine months of 2016, compared to 62% in the first nine
months of 2015. This increase in the level of internet bidders continues to demonstrate our ability to drive multichannel participation
at our auctions.  

Our EquipmentOne website (   www.equipmentone.com   )
provides access to our online equipment marketplace.  

The following table provides
information about the average monthly users of our websites:  

We continued to see an increase
in the number of average monthly users of    www.rbauction.com    between September 30,
2015 and September 30, 2016. This increase is primarily due to greater search traffic, which we believe is a direct result of
our search engine optimization efforts that were focused on adapting our website to mobile devices.  

We saw a decrease in the number
of average monthly users of    www.equipmentone.com    between September 30, 2015 and
September 30, 2016, yet over that same comparative period, we saw an increase in bidding activity. We believe these variances
are primarily the result of our continued efforts to focus the marketing to target an audience that is more likely to transact
on the online marketplace. As such, we believe this targeted marketing contributed to the increase in EquipmentOne revenues in
the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.  

During the first nine months
of 2016, the average number of monthly visits to Mascus  global websites was 3,221,100.  

11     None
                                         of the information in our websites is incorporated by reference into this document by
                                         this or any other reference.  

Online bidding and equipment
marketplace purchase metrics   

  We continue to see an increase
in the use and popularity of both our online bidding system and our online equipment marketplace. During the first nine months
of 2016, we attracted record first nine months online bidder registrations and sold approximately $1.6 billion of equipment, trucks
and other assets to online auction bidders and EquipmentOne customers. This represents a 13% increase over the $1.4 billion of
assets sold online in the first nine months of 2015, and a first nine months sales record.  

Productivity   

  We measure Sales Force Productivity
as trailing 12-month core auction GAP per Revenue Producer 12 . It is an operational statistic that we believe provides
a gauge of the effectiveness of Revenue Producers in increasing our GAP, and ultimately our net income. Sales Force Productivity
increased to $12.1 million per Revenue Producer at September 30, 2016 from $11.9 million per Revenue Producer at September 30,
2015. The increase was primarily due to the fact that we maintained a consistent level of Revenue Producers while increasing our
GAP during the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the 12 months ended September 30, 2015. In particular, we experienced
increased productivity from our Strategic Accounts team in the United States, as well as from our Canadian, Australian, and East
Asian Revenue Producers.  

Our headcount statistics, which
exclude Xcira and Mascus employees, as at the end of each period are presented below:  

Total headcount (excluding Xcira
and Mascus employees) increased by net 128 between September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, which consisted of increases of
net 17 sales personnel and net 111 administrative and operational personnel. Included in the administrative and operational personnel
increase was an increase of net 24 equipment inspectors, yard staff, and other personnel at our Edmonton, Canada, auction site
to support growth in that region. While some of this increase came from the addition of new employees, a portion of the headcount
increase in Edmonton was also the result of the conversion of part time employees to full time employees. The increase in administrative
and operational personnel also included net 17 from RBFS 13 , net 15 from EquipmentOne, and net 11 from Petrowsky. In
addition, between September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, our finance team increased by net 13 as a result of a restructure
of the finance department for the strategic purpose of partnering finance personnel with the leaders responsible for driving growth
in the business.  

Between September 30, 2015 and
September 30, 2016, the number of Revenue Producers decreased by net one while the number of Trainee Territory Managers and other
sales personnel increased by net 18, resulting in the overall net 17 increase in total sales personnel. Compared to December 31,
2015, the number of Revenue Producers and Territory Managers increased by net 12 and eight, respectively, during the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016.  

12     Revenue
                                         Producers is a term used to describe our revenue-producing sales personnel. This definition
                                         is comprised of Regional Sales Managers and Territory Managers.  

13     RBFS
                                         account managers generate financing fee revenue but do not produce GAP. As such, they
                                         are excluded from our definition of Revenue Producers and the measurement of Sales Force
                                         Productivity, which is based on core auction GAP.  

Xcira had a total headcount of
54 full time employees at September 30, 2016, which has increased by net four since December 31, 2015. Mascus had a total headcount
of 49 at September 30, 2016.  

Outstanding Share Data   

  We are a public company
and our common shares are listed under the symbol  RBA  on the NYSE and the TSX. On November 8, 2016, we
had 106,679,740 common shares issued and outstanding, 434,413 share units awarded under our senior executive and employee
PSU plans, and stock options outstanding to purchase a total of 3,520,202 common shares. No preferred shares have been issued
or are outstanding. The outstanding stock options had a weighted average exercise price of $23.96 per share and a
weighted average remaining term of 7.6 years. In respect of PSUs awarded under the senior executive and employee PSU plans,
performance and market conditions, depending on their outcome at the end of the contingency period, can reduce the number of
vested awards to nil or to a maximum of 200% of the number of outstanding PSUs. Certain of our PSUs are only cash-settled,
whereas others may be settled, at our discretion, in cash or through the issuance of shares, by open market purchases
of shares.  

Share repurchase program   

  In March 2016, we executed the
following share repurchases at a total cost of $36.7 million:  

(1)    On January 12, 2015, we announced
                                         that our Board of Directors had authorized a share repurchase program for the repurchase
                                         of up $100 million worth of our common shares (subject to TSX approval) over the next
                                         three years. The initial normal course issuer bid approved by the TSX (the  initial
                                         NCIB ) was for a one-year period from March 3, 2015 through March 2, 2016. No purchases
                                         were made under the initial NCIB during the first quarter of 2016, and the initial NCIB
                                         expired in accordance with its terms on March 2, 2016.    

(2)    On February 25, 2016, we announced
                                         our intention to renew our normal course issuer bid on the expiry of the initial NCIB.
                                         On March 1, 2016, the TSX approved a new normal course issuer bid (the  new NCIB )
                                         for a one-year period from March 3, 2016 to March 2, 2017. The information in the above
                                         table relates to purchases made, and eligible to be made in the future, pursuant to the
                                         new NCIB.    

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

   Working capital   

We believe that working capital
is a more meaningful measure of our liquidity than cash alone. Our working capital decreased during the nine months ended September
30, 2016, primarily due to the payment of dividends of $55.7 million, the acquisition of the 49% non-controlling interest in RBFS
for cash consideration of $41.1 million during the third quarter of 2016, and the repurchase of 1.46 million common shares for
$36.7 million in the first quarter of 2016. Net income generated during the period partially offset this decrease, as did the
refinancing of our long-term loan that fell due in May 2016, which resulted in the replacement of the current portion of long-term
debt with non-current long-term debt.  

Cash flows   

Operating activities    

  Cash provided by operating activities
increased $5.0 million, or 3%, during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. Cash provided by
operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period to period due to factors such as differences in the timing, size
and number of auctions during the period, the timing of the receipt of auction proceeds from buyers and of the payment of net
amounts due to consignors, as well as the location of the auction with respect to restrictions on the use of cash generated therein.  

Investing activities    

  Net cash used in investing activities
increased $85.1 million, or 698%, during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. This increase
is primarily due to the acquisition of the 49% non-controlling interest in RBFS for cash consideration of $41.1 million, the acquisition
of Mascus for cash consideration of $28.1 million, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired, an increase in intangible asset
additions of $7.8 million, and the acquisition of Petrowsky for cash consideration of $6.3 million. The increase in intangible
asset additions is primarily due to the capitalization of costs to assets under development. Significant software development
projects include those related to computer system transformation, customer experience and process improvements, website enhancement,
adaptation of our website to mobile devices, and disaster recovery preparedness.  

CAPEX Intensity presents net
capital spending as a percentage of revenue. We believe that comparing CAPEX Intensity on a trailing 12-month basis for different
financial periods provides useful information as to the amount of capital expenditure that we require to generate revenues.  

CAPEX Intensity for the 12 months
ended September 30, 2016 remained consistent with CAPEX Intensity for the 12 months ended September 30, 2015 due to the fact that
the increase in net capital spending was offset by the increase in revenues. The net capital spending increase was primarily the
result of a $9.1 million, or 121%, increase in intangible asset additions and a $2.4 million, or 12%, increase in property, plant
and equipment additions, partially offset by a $9.7 million, or 176%, increase in proceeds on disposition of property, plant and
equipment.  

The majority of the intangible
asset and property, plant and equipment additions during the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 primarily relate to the capitalization
of costs to assets under development. Significant software development projects include those related to computer system transformation,
customer experience and process improvements, website enhancement, adaptation of our website to mobile devices, and disaster recovery
preparedness. Significant property, plant and equipment additions primarily consist of property development projects that relate
to auction site improvements, as well as the acquisition of yard and automotive equipment to support our operational and headcount
growth.  

The increase in proceeds on disposition
of property, plant and equipment during the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the 12 months ended September 30, 2015
is primarily due to $8.4 million of proceeds from the sale of excess property in Edmonton, Canada, recognized in the fourth quarter
of 2015.  

Financing activities    

  Net cash used in financing activities
decreased $16.7 million, or 25%, in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to
a net increase in cash provided by short-term debt financing activities. In particular, proceeds from short-term debt increased
$44.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase
was partially offset by a $22.1 million increase in short-term debt repayments over the same comparative period.  

The repayment of long-term debt
of $46.6 million related to the Canadian dollar 60 million term loan that fell due in May 2016 was offset by the proceeds from
long-term debt of $46.6 million received during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in order to refinance the aforementioned
term loan.  

We declared and paid regular
cash dividends of $0.16 per common share for the quarters ended September 30, 2015, December 31, 2015, and March 31, 2016, and
we declared and paid regular cash dividends of $0.17 per common share for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. We have declared, but
not yet paid, a dividend of $0.17 per common share for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.  

Total dividend payments during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $52.3 million to stockholders and $3.4 million to non-controlling interests. This
compares to total dividend payments of $47.2 million to stockholders and $1.3 million to non-controlling interests during the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. All dividends we pay are  eligible dividends  for Canadian income tax purposes
unless indicated otherwise.  

Our dividend payout ratio, which
we calculate as dividends paid to stockholders divided by net income attributable to stockholders, increased 1153 bps to 62.9%
for the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 from 51.4% for the 12 months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily the
result of the increase in our dividends paid to stockholders combined with the decrease in net income attributable to stockholders
over the same comparative period. Our adjusted dividend payout ratio 14  (non-GAAP measure) increased 750 bps to 57.1%
for the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 from 49.6% for the 12 months ended September 30, 2015.  

Cash provided by operating activities
decreased $49.6 million, or 20%, to $201.4 million during the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 from $251.0 million during the
12 months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily due to changes in our operating assets and liabilities, and in
particular, an increase in cash used in relation to trade and other receivables, inventory, income taxes payable, trade and other
payables, and advances against auction contracts, partially offset by an increase in cash provided by restricted cash and auction
proceeds payable. These balances can fluctuate significantly from period to period due to factors such as differences in the timing,
size and location of the auction and the volume of our underwritten commission contracts. Operating free cash flow ( OFCF ) 15
 (non-GAAP measure) decreased $51.4 million, or 22%, to $178.0 million during the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 from
$229.4 million during the 12 months ended September 30, 2015.  

Our return on average invested
capital is calculated as net income attributable to stockholders divided by our average invested capital. We measure average invested
capital over a trailing 12-month period by adding the average long-term debt over that period to the average stockholders 
equity over that period. Return on average invested capital decreased 124 bps to 14.0% during the 12 months ended September 30,
2016 from 15.2% for the 12 months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease is primarily due to a $10.6 million, or 9%, decrease
in net income attributable to stockholders over this same comparative period, partially offset by a $5.5 million decrease in average
invested capital from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. Return on invested capital ( ROIC ) 16  (non-GAAP
measure) decreased 40 bps to 15.4% during the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 from 15.8% for the 12 months ended September
30, 2015.  

Debt and credit facilities   

  At September 30, 2016, our short-term
debt of $39.0 million consisted of borrowings under our committed and uncommitted, revolving credit facilities, and had a weighted
average annual interest rate of 1.6%. This compares to current borrowings of $12.4 million as at December 31, 2015, with a weighted
average annual interest rate of 1.8%.  

14     Adjusted
                                         dividend payout ratio is non-GAAP financial measure. We believe that comparing the adjusted
                                         dividend payout ratio for different financial periods provides useful information about
                                         how well our net income supports our dividend payments. Adjusted dividend payout ratio
                                         is calculated by dividing dividends paid to stockholders by adjusted net income attributable
                                         to stockholders (non-GAAP measure). Adjusted dividend payout ratio is reconciled to the
                                         most directly comparable GAAP measures in our consolidated financial statements under
                                          Non-GAAP Measures  below.  

15     OFCF
                                         is non-GAAP financial measure that we believe, when compared on a trailing 12-month basis
                                         to different financial periods provides an effective measure of the cash generated by
                                         our business and provides useful information regarding cash flows remaining for discretionary
                                         return to stockholders, mergers and acquisitions, or debt reduction. Our balance sheet
                                         scorecard includes the performance metric, OFCF. OFCF is also an element of the performance
                                         criteria for certain annual short-term incentive awards we grant to our employees and
                                         officers. We calculate OFCF by subtracting net capital spending from cash provided by
                                         operating activities. OFCF is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP measures
                                         in our consolidated financial statements under  Non-GAAP Measures  below.  

16     ROIC
                                         is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe, by comparing on a trailing 12-month
                                         basis for different financial periods provides useful information about the after-tax
                                         return generated by our investments. Our balance sheet scorecard includes the performance
                                         metric, ROIC. ROIC is also an element of the performance criteria for certain PSUs we
                                         granted to our employees and officers in 2013 and 2014. We calculate ROIC as net income
                                         attributable to stockholders excluding the effects of adjusting items divided by average
                                         invested capital. Average invested capital is a GAAP measure calculated as the average
                                         long-term debt (including current and non-current portions) and stockholders  equity
                                         over a trailing 12-month period. ROIC is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP
                                         measures in our consolidated financial statements under  Non-GAAP Measures 
                                         below.  

The $43.3 million current portion
of long-term debt as at December 31, 2015 consisted entirely of our Canadian dollar 60 million term loan under our uncommitted,
revolving credit facility. We refinanced this term loan on a long-term basis when it fell due on May 4, 2016 by drawing on our
committed, revolving credit facility. As at September 30, 2016, we had a total of $101.6 million long-term debt, with a weighted
average annual interest rate of 2.9%. This compares to long-term debt of $97.9 million as at December 31, 2015, with a weighted
average annual interest rate of 5.0%.  

As noted under  Strategy 
above, on August 29 ,2016, we obtained the Commitment Letter from GS Bank pursuant to which GS Bank was committed to provide the
$150 million Revolving Facility and the $850 million Bridge Facility. No draws were made against these Facilities as at September
30, 2016.  

Future scheduled interest payments
over the next five years relating to our long-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2016 were as follows:  

On September 30, 2016, our credit
facilities were with financial institutions in the United States, Canada and the Netherlands. Certain of the facilities include
commitment fees applicable to the unused credit amount. We were in compliance with all financial and other covenants applicable
to our credit facilities at September 30, 2016.  

Subsequent event    

  As noted under  Strategy 
above, on October 27, 2016, we closed the new five-year Credit Agreement with a syndicate of lenders, including BofA and Royal
Bank of Canada, which provides us with:  

3)    At our election and subject to certain
                                         conditions, including receipt of related commitments, incremental term loan facilities
                                         and/or increases to the Multicurrency Facilities in an aggregate amount of up to $50
                                         million.    

In conjunction with the closing
of the Credit Agreement, and as contemplated in the Commitment Letter, we terminated the entire $150 million Revolving Facility
and $350 million of the $850 million Bridge Facility, neither of which had any draws at the date of cancellation, in order to
provide us with more suitable covenants and financial flexibility. In addition, on October 27, 2016, the Company terminated its
pre-existing revolving bi-lateral credit facilities, which consisted of $313.0 million of committed revolving credit facilities
and $292.2 million of uncommitted credit facilities, as well as the $50 million bulge credit facility. On the same day, the Company
also prepaid all outstanding debt issued under the terminated facilities using funds from the New Facilities, which resulted in
the fixed rate long-term debt being replaced by floating rate long-term debt and $6.9 million in early termination fees, which
were recognized as acquisition-related costs on the transaction date.  

We may use the proceeds from
the Multicurrency Facilities to refinance certain existing indebtedness and for other general corporate purposes. Proceeds from
the Delayed-Draw Facility can only be used to finance transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Multicurrency Facilities
remain in place and outstanding even if the Merger Agreement is terminated and the Merger is not consummated.  

The New Facilities will remain
unsecured until the closing of the Merger, after which the New Facilities will be secured by various of our assets. The New Facilities
may become unsecured again after the Merger is consummated, subject to Ritchie Bros. meeting specified credit rating or leverage
ratio conditions. The New Facilities will mature five years after the closing date of the Credit Agreement. The Delayed-Draw Facility
will amortize in equal quarterly installments in an annual amount of 5% for the first two years after the closing of the Merger,
and 10% in the third through fifth years after the closing of the Merger, with the balance payable at maturity.  

Borrowings under the Credit Agreement
will bear floating rates of interest, which, at our option, will be based on either a base rate (or Canadian prime rate for certain
Canadian dollar borrowings) or LIBOR (or such customary floating rate customarily used by BofA for currencies other than U.S.
dollars). In either case, an applicable margin is added to the rate. The applicable margin ranges from 0.25% to 1.50% for base
rate loans, and 1.25% to 2.50% for LIBOR (or the equivalent of such currency) loans, depending on our leverage ratio at the time
of borrowing. We must also pay quarterly in arrears a commitment fee equal to the daily amount of the unused commitments under
the New Facilities multiplied by an applicable percentage per annum (which ranges from 0.25% to 0.50% depending on our leverage
ratio). On November 8, 2016, our draws on the New Facilities totaled $160.4 million.  

We believe our existing working
capital and availability under our credit facilities, including the New Facilities and the Bridge Facility remaining under the
Commitment Letter, are sufficient to satisfy our present operating requirements, as well as to fund future growth including, but
not limited to, mergers and acquisitions, development of EquipmentOne, and other growth opportunities.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

  We have no off-balance sheet
arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, financial performance, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  

Critical
Accounting Policies, Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions   

  Aside from those discussed below,
there were no material changes in our critical accounting policies, judgments, estimates and assumptions from those disclosed
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which is available on our website at    www.rbauction.com   ,
on EDGAR at    www.sec.gov   , or on SEDAR at    www.sedar.com   ,
or in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in  Part I, Item 1: Consolidated Financial Statements 
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Recoverability of goodwill   

  We perform impairment tests on
goodwill on an annual basis in accordance with US GAAP, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
those assets might be impaired. Goodwill is tested for impairment at a reporting unit level, which is at the same level or one
level below an operating segment.  

The first step of the two-step
impairment test prescribed by US GAAP is to identify potential impairment by comparing the reporting unit fair value with its
carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the
impairment test is performed, wherein the carrying amount of the goodwill in the reporting unit is compared to its implied fair
value. The implied fair value is calculated by performing a hypothetical purchase price allocation in the same manner as if the
reporting unit was being acquired in a business combination. An impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the goodwill s
carrying amount over its implied fair value.  

We measure the fair value of
our reporting units using a blended analysis of the earnings approach, which employs a discounted cash flow methodology, and the
market approach, which employs a multiple of earnings methodology. We believe that using a blended approach compensates for the
inherent risks associated with each model if used on a stand-alone basis. In applying these approaches, management is required
to make significant estimates and assumptions about the timing and amount of future cash flows, revenue growth rates, and discount
rates, which requires a significant amount of judgment. As a result, actual results may differ from those used in the two-step
goodwill impairment test.  

EquipmentOne reporting
unit goodwill    

  Goodwill arising from the acquisition
of AssetNation, the provider of our online marketplaces, forms part of the EquipmentOne reporting unit. During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, an indicator of impairment was identified with respect to the EquipmentOne reporting unit.  

The indicator consisted of a
decline in actual and forecasted revenue and operating income compared with previously projected results, which was primarily
due to the recent performance of the EquipmentOne reporting unit.   

As a result of the identification
of an indicator of impairment of the EquipmentOne reporting unit, we performed the US GAAP two-step goodwill impairment test at
September 30, 2016. Consistent with our policy noted above, we measured the fair value of the EquipmentOne reporting unit using
a blended analysis of the earnings approach and the market approach, giving equal weighting to both.  

Using the cash flow methodology
of the earnings approach, the fair value of the EquipmentOne reporting unit was measured based on the present value of the cash
flows that we expect the reporting unit to generate in the future. The earnings approach valuation was most sensitive to the following
assumptions:  

(i)     Revenue
                                         growth rate     

Cash
flow forecasts estimate a compound annual growth rate of 5.5% in fiscal 2017, 10% in each of fiscal 2018 through 2021, 8.3% in
fiscal 2022, 6.5% in fiscal 2023, and 4.8% in fiscal 2023. The estimated growth rate used in determining the EquipmentOne reporting
unit s future cash flows is based on our expectation of future growth rates resulting from application of our business strategy.  

(ii)     Discount
                                         rate     

We
applied a discount rate of 12% based on the revenue growth rate for the EquipmentOne reporting unit, with this discount rate reflecting
the risk premium based on an assessment of risk related to projected cash flows. We have exercised significant judgment in determining
that the discount rate reflects investors  expectations and takes into consideration market rates of return, capital structure,
company size, and industry risk.  

Cash
flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated using a long-term growth rate estimated to be 3.0%.  

The most significant estimates
used in the market approach were (i) the determination of the most comparable publicly-traded firms in terms of the nature, size,
growth, and profitability of the business, (ii) the risk and return on the investment, and (iii) an assessment of comparable revenue
and operating income multiples.  

As step one of the goodwill impairment
test indicated that the carrying amount (including goodwill) of the EquipmentOne reporting unit exceeded its fair value, we proceeded
to step two, wherein the step one fair value of the EquipmentOne reporting unit was used to estimate the implied fair value of
the goodwill. The second step of the goodwill impairment test involved allocating the EquipmentOne reporting unit fair value to
all the assets and liabilities of that reporting unit, including identifiable intangible assets, deferred tax assets, and deferred
tax liabilities, based on their estimated fair values.  

Based on the results of the goodwill
impairment test, we recorded an impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill of $23.6 million during the quarter
ended September 30, 2016.  

Recoverability of long-lived
assets   

  Long-lived assets, which are
comprised of property, plant and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, are assessed for impairment whenever events or
circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable, or earlier when the asset is classified as held for
sale. For the purpose of impairment testing, long-lived assets are grouped and tested for recoverability at the lowest level that
generates independent cash flows from another asset group. The carrying amount of the long-lived asset group is not recoverable
if it exceeds the sum of the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the long-lived asset group s use and
eventual disposition.  

In order to determine the future
undiscounted cash flows, we are required to estimate the useful lives of the long-lived asset groups, as well as form expectations
of future revenues and expenses, including costs to maintain the long-lived asset groups over their respective useful lives.  

Forming such expectations involves
the use of significant judgments and estimates, which can vary depending on our intention with respect to the future use of the
long-lived asset group, the past performance of the asset group, and availability of approved budgets and forecasts.   

Where the carrying amount of
the long-lived asset group is not recoverable because it exceeds the sum of the future undiscounted cash flows, the fair value
of the long-lived asset group is determined in order to calculate any impairment loss. An impairment loss is measured as the excess
of the long-lived asset group s carrying amount over its fair value.  

Fair value is based on valuation
techniques or third party appraisals. Significant judgments and estimates used in determining fair value vary depending on the
valuation approach adopted, but can include an assessment of who the comparable market participants are, which recent events impact
the market the long-lived asset group operates in, planned future use of the long-lived asset group, our experience with similar
long-lived asset group sales and related selling fees, as well as costs to prepare the long-lived asset group for sale.  

At September 30, 2016, for the
same reason noted above under the goodwill impairment test, management determined that there was an indicator that the carrying
amount of the long-lived assets arising from our acquisition of AssetNation (the  EquipmentOne long-lived assets )
might not have been recoverable. As such, we performed the recoverability test, for which purpose management determined that the
asset group to which the EquipmentOne long-lived assets belonged was the EquipmentOne reporting unit.  

The results of the recoverability
test indicated that the EquipmentOne reporting unit carrying amount (including goodwill but excluding deferred tax assets, deferred
tax liabilities, and income taxes payable) exceeded the sum of its future undiscounted cash flows. As such, management then used
an earnings approach to estimate the fair values of the EquipmentOne long-lived assets and compared those fair values to their
carrying amounts.  

Based on the results of the long-lived
asset impairment test, we recorded a pre-tax impairment loss on the EquipmentOne reporting unit customer relationships of $4.7
million on September 30, 2016. In connection with this impairment loss, we recorded a deferred tax benefit of $1.8 million to
the income tax provision. The result of this impairment test was reflected in the carrying value of the EquipmentOne reporting
unit prior to the completion of the goodwill impairment test described above.  

Recoverability of indefinite-lived
intangible assets   

  We perform impairment tests on
indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis in accordance with US GAAP, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that it is more likely than not that those assets are impaired. Generally, a qualitative assessment is performed first
and where there is an indication that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, then a quantitative impairment test
is performed. The quantitative impairment test compares the fair value of the asset to its carrying amount. If the carrying amount
exceeds the fair value, then an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  

Management performed a qualitative
assessment at September 30, 2016 on the trade names and trademarks arising from our acquisition of AssetNation (the  EquipmentOne
trade names and trademarks ). Referencing the same indicator of impairment identified as part of the goodwill impairment
test described above, management determined that it was more likely than not that the EquipmentOne trade names and trademarks
were impaired at September 30, 2016 and proceeded to the quantitative impairment test.  

Management used an income approach
to determine the fair value of the EquipmentOne trade names and trademarks for purposes of conducting the quantitative impairment
test. Based on the results of this test, the fair value was determined to exceed the carrying amount at September 30, 2016, and
accordingly, no impairment loss was recognized.  

Subsequent to performing this
impairment test, management concluded that an indefinite life for these assets could no longer be supported. Commencing September
30, 2016, we began amortizing the EquipmentOne trade names and trademarks over their useful lives, which management has estimated
to be 15 years.  

Changes
in Accounting Policies   

  There have been no changes in
our significant accounting policies during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

Non-GAAP Measures   

  We make reference to various
non-GAAP measures throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These measures do not have a standardized meaning and are, therefore,
unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. The presentation of this financial information, which
is not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles, is not intended to be considered in isolation of,
or as a substitute for, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  

The following tables present
our adjusted operating income (non-GAAP measure) and adjusted operating income margin (non-GAAP measure) results for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as well as reconcile those metrics to operating income, revenues, and operating
income margin, which are the most directly comparable GAAP measures in, or calculated from, our consolidated income statements:  

The adjusting item for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was a $26.4 million ($28.2 million before tax, or $0.25 per diluted share) impairment
loss on our EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships recognized in the third quarter of 2016.  

The following tables present
our adjusted net income attributable to stockholders (non-GAAP measure) and diluted adjusted EPS attributable to stockholders
(non-GAAP measure) results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as well as reconcile those metrics
to net income (loss) attributable to stockholders, the weighted average number of dilutive shares outstanding, and diluted EPS
(loss per share) attributable to stockholders, which are the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our consolidated income
statements:  

The adjusting item for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was a $26.4 million ($28.2 million before tax, or $0.25 per diluted share) impairment
loss on our EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships recognized in the third quarter of 2016.  

The following tables present
our adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP measure) and adjusted EBITDA margin (non-GAAP measure) results for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, as well as reconcile those metrics to net income (loss), revenues, and net income margin, which are
the most directly comparable GAAP measures in, or calculated from, our consolidated income statements:  

The adjusting item for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was a $26.4 million ($28.2 million before tax, or $0.25 per diluted share) impairment
loss on our EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships recognized in the third quarter of 2016.  

The following table presents
our debt/adjusted EBITDA (non-GAAP measures) results as at and for the 12 months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as well as
reconciles that metric to debt, net income, and debt as a multiple of net income, which are the most directly comparable GAAP
measures in, or calculated from, our consolidated financial statements:  

Adjusting items for the 12 months
ended September 30, 2016 included a $7.3 million ($8.4 million before tax, or $0.07 per diluted share) gain on the sale of excess
property in Edmonton, Canada, recognized in the fourth quarter of 2015, and a $26.4 million ($28.2 million before tax, or $0.25
per diluted share) impairment loss on our EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships recognized in the third
quarter of 2016.  

The adjusting item for the 12
months ended September 30, 2015 was a $4.2 million ($5.5 million before tax, or $0.04 per diluted share) termination benefit expense
related to the fourth quarter 2014 management reorganization.  

The following table presents
our adjusted net income attributable to stockholders (non-GAAP measure) and adjusted dividend payout ratio (non-GAAP measure)
results on a trailing 12-month basis, and reconciles those metrics to dividends paid to stockholders, net income attributable
to stockholders, and dividend payout ratio, which are the most directly comparable GAAP measures in, or calculated from, our consolidated
financial statements:  

Adjusting items for the 12 months
ended September 30, 2016 included a $7.3 million ($8.4 million before tax, or $0.07 per diluted share) gain on the sale of excess
property in Edmonton, Canada, and a $7.9 million (or $0.07 per diluted share) tax saving generated by tax loss utilization, both
recognized in the fourth quarter of 2015, as well as a $26.4 million ($28.2 million before tax, or $0.25 per diluted share) impairment
loss on our EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships recognized in the third quarter of 2016.  

The adjusting item for the 12
months ended September 30, 2015 was a $4.2 million ($5.5 million before tax, or $0.04 per diluted share) termination benefit expense
related to the fourth quarter 2014 management reorganization.  

The following table presents
our OFCF (non-GAAP measure) results on a trailing 12-month basis, and reconciles that metric to cash provided by operating activities
and net capital spending, which are the most directly comparable GAAP measures in our consolidated statements of cash flows:  

The following table presents
our ROIC (non-GAAP measure) results on a trailing 12-month basis, and reconciles that metric to net income attributable to stockholders,
long-term debt, stockholders  equity, and return on average invested capital, which are the most directly comparable GAAP
measures in, or calculated from, our consolidated financial statements:  

Adjusting items for the 12 months
ended September 30, 2016 included a $7.3 million ($8.4 million before tax, or $0.07 per diluted share) gain on the sale of excess
property in Edmonton, Canada, and a $7.9 million (or $0.07 per diluted share) tax saving generated by tax loss utilization, both
recognized in the fourth quarter of 2015, as well as a $26.4 million ($28.2 million before tax, or $0.25 per diluted share) impairment
loss on our EquipmentOne reporting unit goodwill and customer relationships recognized in the third quarter of 2016.  

The adjusting item for the 12
months ended September 30, 2015 was a $4.2 million ($5.5 million before tax, or $0.04 per diluted share) termination benefit expense
related to the fourth quarter 2014 management reorganization.  

ITEM
                            3:      QUANTITATIVE
                                         AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

There have been no material changes
to the Company s market risk during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from those disclosed in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which is available on our website at    www.rbauction.com   ,
on EDGAR at    www.sec.gov   , or on SEDAR at    www.sedar.com   .  

ITEM
                            4:      CONTROLS
                                         AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

  Management of the Company, including
the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), have evaluated the effectiveness
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as at September 30, 2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures 
means controls and other procedures established by the Company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC s ) rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including its CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Based upon their evaluation of
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and the CFO concluded that the disclosure controls are effective
to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s rules and forms.  

The Company, including its CEO
and CFO, does not expect that its internal controls and procedures will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well conceived or operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met.  

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting   

  Management, with the participation
of the CEO and CFO, concluded that there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   

ITEM
                            1:      LEGAL
                                         PROCEEDINGS   

The Company has no material legal
proceedings pending, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, and management does not know of any material
proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities.  

ITEM
                            1A:      RISK
                                         FACTORS   

Our business is subject to a
number of risks and uncertainties, and our past performance is no guarantee of our performance in future periods. In addition
to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
discussed in  Part I, Item 1A: Risk Factors  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015, which is available on our website at    www.rbauction.com   , on EDGAR at    www.sec.gov   ,
or on SEDAR at    www.sedar.com   , before purchasing our common shares. Our business
could also be affected by additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of the
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could materially suffer. As a result, the trading
price of our common shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.  

There were no material changes
in risk factors during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, except as outlined below.  

Significant costs have been
incurred and are expected to be incurred in connection with the consummation of the Merger and the integration of IronPlanet with
Ritchie Bros. into a combined company, including legal, accounting, financial advisory and other costs.   

  We expect to incur one-time costs
in connection with integrating our operations, products and personnel with those of IronPlanet into a combined company, in addition
to costs related directly to completing the Merger. We would expect similar costs to be incurred in connection with any future
acquisition. These costs may include expenditures for:  

reorganization
                                         or closures of facilities;    

employee
                                         redeployment, relocation or severance; and    

integration
                                         of operations and information systems.    

In addition, we expect to incur
a number of non-recurring costs associated with combining our operations with those of IronPlanet. Additional unanticipated costs
may yet be incurred as we integrate our business with IronPlanet. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs,
as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of our operations with IronPlanet, may offset incremental
transaction and transaction-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term.  

We may not realize the anticipated
benefits of, and synergies from, the Merger and may become responsible for certain liabilities and integration costs as a result.   

  Business acquisitions involve
the integration of new businesses that have previously operated independently from us. The integration of our operations with
those of IronPlanet is expected to result in financial and operational benefits, including certain tax and run-rate synergies.
There can be no assurance, however, regarding when or the extent to which we will be able to realize these and other benefits.
Integration may also be difficult, unpredictable and subject to delay because of possible company culture conflicts and different
opinions on future business development. We may be required to integrate or, in some cases, replace, numerous systems, including
those involving management information, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing, employee benefits, payroll and regulatory
compliance, many of which may be dissimilar. Difficulties associated with the integration of acquired businesses could have a
material adverse effect on our business.  

In addition, in connection with
the Merger, we have assumed, and may assume in connection with future acquisitions, certain potential liabilities. To the extent
such liabilities are not identified by us or to the extent indemnifications obtained from third parties are insufficient to cover
such liabilities, these liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

Integrating our business with
IronPlanet s may divert our management s attention away from operations.   

  Successful integration of IronPlanet s
operations, products and personnel with ours may place a significant burden on our management and other internal resources. The
diversion of management s attention, and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and operating results.  

The Merger is subject to a
number of conditions and may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, or at all.   

  The completion of the Merger
is subject to certain conditions, including, among other things: (a) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended; (b) receipt by Ritchie Bros. of a warrant holder consent
agreement duly executed by each holder of IronPlanet warrants; (c) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
having provided written notice to the effect that review of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement has been concluded
and has terminated all action under Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended; (d) absent termination
of IronPlanet s registrations or withdrawal of registrations under the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the United
States Department of State having concluded its review and not taken action to block or prevent the consummation of the Merger;
(e) the applicable time periods for the perfection of appraisal rights under Section 262(d)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation
Law having lapsed and, as of the closing date, the total number of dissenting shares not exceeding 5% of the issued and outstanding
shares of IronPlanet common stock; (f) the absence of any law, order or other legal restraint or prohibition entered, enacted,
promulgated, enforced or issued by any court or other governmental authority of competent jurisdiction, which prohibits consummation
of the Merger; (g) the truth of the other party s representations and warranties in the merger agreement, subject to certain
materiality standards; and (h) no material adverse change (as defined in the Merger Agreement) having occurred since the
date of the Merger Agreement.  

We cannot assure you that the
Merger will be consummated on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, or at all. Many of the conditions to completion of
the Merger are not within our control, and we cannot predict when or if these conditions will be satisfied. The failure to meet
all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring.
Any delay in completing the Merger could cause Ritchie Bros. not to realize some or all of the benefits that it expects to achieve
if the Merger is successfully completed within its expected timeframe.  

We will incur a substantial
amount of debt to complete the Merger. This indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.   

  At September 30, 2016, we had
total debt of $140.6 million. We have the ability under the Credit Agreement to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the
future, and we plan to incur significant additional indebtedness in the event we complete the planned Merger with IronPlanet.
We expect to incur up to $850.0 million of debt to complete the acquisition of IronPlanet. Our ability to make payments on our
debt, fund our other liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the
future. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations.
Our ability to generate cash is subject in part to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other
factors that are beyond our control. We cannot guarantee that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations
or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make payments of our debt, fund other
liquidity needs and make planned capital expenditures. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund debt service
obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures
or to dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.  

We may not be able to effect
any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternatives may not allow
us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.  

The degree to which we are currently
leveraged and will be leveraged following the completion of the Merger could have important consequences for shareholders. For
example, it could:  

limit
                                         our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures,
                                         acquisitions or other general corporate requirements;    

require
                                         us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment
                                         of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital,
                                         capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends and other corporate purposes;    

increase
                                         our vulnerability to general adverse economic or industry conditions;    

expose
                                         us to the risk of increased interest rates for any borrowings at variable rates of interest;    

limit
                                         our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our industry; and    

place
                                         us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less
                                         debt.    

Additionally, the Credit Agreement
contains a number of covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions on Ritchie Bros. and may limit our ability to
engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. The Credit Agreement contains customary restrictions and limitations
on the ability of Ritchie Bros. and its subsidiaries to take certain actions, including incurring additional indebtedness, granting
liens, making certain investments and making dividend payments or other distributions, in each case subject to customary carve-outs
and exceptions. The Credit Agreement also includes a requirement that Ritchie Bros. maintain certain leverage and interest coverage
ratios (each as defined in the Credit Agreement), in each case tested on a quarterly basis. Any failure to comply with covenants
in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, would have a material
adverse effect on us.  

In conjunction with the Merger,
we will grant security interests in favor of our Credit Agreement lenders over a substantial portion of the assets of Ritchie
Bros. and certain of our subsidiaries in Canada and the United States, which may have a material adverse effect on us.   

  To secure our obligations under
the Credit Agreement, upon closing of the Merger, we will enter into certain security agreements under which we will grant security
interests in favor of the lenders under our Credit Agreement over a substantial portion of the assets of Ritchie Bros. and certain
of our subsidiaries in Canada and the United States. The obligations under the Credit Agreement will remain unsecured until the
closing of the Merger, after which they will become secured. After the closing of the Merger, if we meet certain specified credit
ratings or leverage ratio conditions, the obligations under the Credit Agreement will again become unsecured. An event of default
under the Credit Agreement would also allow the lenders to accelerate their debt and terminate all commitments to extend further
credit thereunder. If we were unable to repay amounts due and payable under the Credit Agreement, the lenders would have the right
to proceed against the collateral securing the indebtedness. In any of these events, we may seek to refinance our indebtedness
but be unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms. As a result, such event of default could result in the loss of our interests
in the secured assets and have a material adverse effect on us, including by limiting our ability to conduct our business, to
raise additional debt or equity financing and to compete effectively or take advantage of new business opportunities.  

ITEM
                            2:      UNREGISTERED
                                         SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   

None during the three months
ended September 30, 2016.  

ITEM
                            6:      EXHIBITS   

Exhibits   

  The exhibits listed in below
are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference.  

Exhibit       

Number       
      Document   
 
      2.1*       
      Agreement
    and Plan of Merger, dated August 29, 2016, by and among the Company, Topaz Mergersub, Inc., IronPlanet, and Fortis Advisors
    LLC (as representative of the indemnifying securityholders thereunder) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 31, 2016)   
 
      10.1**       
      Strategic
    Alliance and Remarketing Agreement, entered into as of August 29, 2016, by and between the Company, IronPlanet, Inc. and Caterpillar,
    Inc.   
 
      10.2       
      Commitment
    Letter, dated August 29, 2016, from Goldman Sachs Bank USA   
 
      10.3       
      Amended
    and Restated Commitment Letter, dated September 16, 2016, from Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Royal Bank of Canada   
 
      10.4       
      Credit Agreement, dated as
    of October 27, 2016, by and among the Company, the other borrowers and guarantors party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as
    administrative agent, U.S. swing line lender and L/C issuer, Royal Bank of Canada, as Canadian swing line lender and L/C issuer,
    and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed by
    the Company on November 4, 2016)   
 
      31.1       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended   
 
      31.2       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended   
 
      32.1       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002   
 
      32.2       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002   
 
      101.INS       
      XBRL
    Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document     

*    Schedules
                                         have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The registrant will furnish
                                         copies of any such schedules to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.  

**    Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and have been filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

RITCHIE BROS. AUCTIONEERS
        INCORPORATED     

Dated: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Ravichandra K. Saligram    

Ravichandra K. Saligram   

Chief Executive Officer    

Dated: November 9, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Sharon R. Driscoll    

Sharon R. Driscoll   

Chief Financial Officer    

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v452443_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

EXECUTION VERSION 

CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY RITCHIE
BROS. AUCTIONEERS INCORPORATED PURSUANT TO RULE 24b-2 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT
HAVE BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO SUCH REQUEST, HAVE BEEN MARKED WITH THE SYMBOL  [ *** ]  TO DENOTE WHERE OMISSIONS
HAVE BEEN MADE AND HAVE BEEN FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.   

STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AND REMARKETING AGREEMENT  

This  STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AND REMARKETING
AGREEMENT  (  Agreement  ) is entered into as August 29, 2016 (the   Execution Date  )
by and between  RITCHIE BROS. AUCTIONEERS INCORPORATED ,   a Canadian corporation having its principal place of business
at 9500 Glenlyon Parkway, Burnaby, British Columbia, V5J 0C6 (  RBA  ), on behalf of itself and its other wholly-owned
subsidiaries (collectively,   RCC  ),   IronPlanet,
Inc.   ,  a Delaware corporation having its principal place of business at 3825 Hopyard Road, Suite 250, Pleasanton,
CA 94588, solely for purposes of Sections 3, 7, 8 and 9 (  IronPlanet  ), and  CATERPILLAR INC. , a Delaware
corporation having it principal place of business at  100 North East Adams Street, Peoria, IL 61629,
on behalf of itself and its wholly-owned subsidiaries  (collectively,   Caterpillar   and together with
RCC, the   Parties   and each a   Party  ). 

RECITALS  

WHEREAS , RBA and IronPlanet are in the
business of facilitating the exchange, buying, selling and auctioneering of industrial equipment; 

WHEREAS , pursuant to an Agreement and
Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (the   Merger Agreement  ), RBA will acquire one hundred percent (100%)
of the issued and outstanding capital stock of IronPlanet Holdings, Inc. (  IP  ), the parent of IronPlanet, upon
the Closing (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) (the   Merger  ); 

WHEREAS , Caterpillar is the world s
leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial turbines and diesel-electric
locomotives and has a long history of innovation and using leading edge technology to provide customer solutions to ensure their
success; 

WHEREAS , commencing upon, subject to
and contingent upon the occurrence of the Closing, RCC and Caterpillar desire to create a strategic alliance to provide a reliable
volume of used CAT equipment to customers through RCC live onsite auctions and online auctions and marketplaces in the countries
where RCC does business (the   Alliance  ); and 

NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of
the premises and mutual covenants and promises described herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged and agreed, RCC and Caterpillar hereby agree as follows: 

1.    GOVERNING PRINCIPLES  

1.1    Objectives.  Pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties  objectives (  Objectives  )
for the Alliance include, but are not limited to collaborating together to:   

a)   Provide Caterpillar s authorized dealers (  Cat dealers  ) other relevant
channels to sell used Cat equipment;   

b)   Serve the used equipment disposition needs of Caterpillar;   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  1  of 21     

c)   Provide Caterpillar with rich data and customer insights to allow Caterpillar to better serve owners
and users of equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar;   

d)   Encourage an increased flow of high quality Cat machines for sale through RCC s sales channels;   

e)   Drive international growth and operational efficiency for RCC; and   

f)   Maintain RCC s neutrality among different equipment manufacturers, dealers and end-users.   

1.2    Cat Customer Advisory Board.  In order to better implement this Agreement and achieve the
Objectives, RCC and Caterpillar have established, as of the Effective Date (as defined below) a Cat Customer Advisory Board (the
  Advisory Board  ) that will meet in person quarterly during the one (1) year following the Effective Date and
semi-annually thereafter during the Term of this Agreement, including any Renewal Term. The Advisory Board shall consist of nine
(9) people, comprised of three (3) representatives appointed by Caterpillar, three (3) representatives appointed by RCC and three
(3) representatives of Cat dealers, appointed by Caterpillar with input from Cat dealers. As of the Effective Date, the three (3)
representatives of Caterpillar are George Taylor, Marketing   Digital Division Vice President, Phil Kelliher, Americas  
Europe Distribution Vice President, and Pierre-Alain Masson, Global Rental   Used, and the three (3) representatives of RCC
are Ravi Saligram, RCC CEO, Jim Barr, RCC Group President, and Karl Werner, RCC Chief Operations Officer. The Advisory Board shall
review and advise on the overall strategic direction of the Alliance as well as monitor Alliance performance against the Objectives
and obligations set forth in this Agreement. The Advisory Board shall be responsible for and work together in good faith to execute
the following tasks: (i) coordinate, monitor and resolve any issue related to the day-to-day implementation of this Agreement;
(ii) identify and address any strategic, tactical or operational issues that may arise from time to time; and (iii) review
reported equipment volumes sold through RCC Auctions by Caterpillar and Cat dealers in connection with Caterpillar s obligations
under Section 4.12 of this Agreement and each Cat dealer s obligations under the agreement entered into between RCC and the
individual Cat dealer relating to RCC s services and the provision of rich customer data (  Dealer Remarketing Agreement  ).   

1.3    Salesforce Engagement . Within 90 days after the Effective Date, RCC will propose a salesforce
engagement plan to the Advisory Board for consideration. The plan will discuss how RCC will coach its salesforce to engage with
Cat dealers and educate such salesforce about the Cat dealers  value proposition and business model. The goal of the plan
will be for the RCC salesforce and the Cat dealers to develop value-added customer solutions consistent with the Alliance and Objectives.
Members of the Advisory Board and RCC will establish a task force to develop specific actions that ensure strong communication
and alignment in execution of the adopted plan.   

1.4    Brand.  Caterpillar recognizes that RCC s model is based on brand neutrality and that
its marketplaces and auctions attract used equipment from various manufacturers, distributors and customers. Any use by RCC of
a brand owned by Caterpillar will be governed by a separate agreement between the Parties. The Parties intend to enter into such
an agreement in support of the Alliance.   

a)   During the Term or any Renewal Term of this Agreement, RCC shall be designated as a  preferred 
but nonexclusive provider of online and on-site auction services by Caterpillar as provided in this Agreement. In consideration
of such designation and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, RCC shall provide use of its 
s ites (physical and online) to Caterpillar and Cat dealers on which Caterpillar and Cat dealers can consign, list and advertise
equipment and other items for sale to potential buyers, as further described below, on a commission rate structure that is a discount
to RCC s standard rates and as further described in Section 4.4.   

b)   Subject to the terms of Section 4.12 of this Agreement, RCC shall designate Cat Financial and Cat
Insurance as  preferred  but nonexclusive providers of financial and insurance products that purchasers of equipment
branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar may desire or require, provided that Cat Financial (i) offers financial terms
that are equal to or better than other providers, (ii) pays the same fees paid by other providers, (iii) integrates into
the Ritchie Bros. Financial Services  (  RBFS  ) platform and (iv) maintains the same standards of
service required of other lenders on the RBFS platform (e.g., timeliness of credit decision).   

[ *** ] Confidential Information has been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to this
omitted information.  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  2  of 21     

c)   Subject to the terms of Section 4.12 of this Agreement, RCC shall include Cat Financial and Cat
Insurance products (including powertrain assurance programs) in its RBFS and RCC offerings, as applicable, for all equipment, provided
that Cat Financial (i) pays the same fees paid by other providers, (ii) integrates into the RBFS platform and (iii) maintains
the same standards of service required of other lenders on the RBFS platform (e.g., timeliness of credit decision).   

d)   RCC agrees to designate Cat dealers as preferred service providers for the servicing of equipment
branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar to the extent RCC uses an outside or non-RCC service provider for such servicing.   

1.7    Mascus . In order to help grow Mascus and build deeper relationships between Mascus and Cat
dealers, RCC will provide volume discounts to Caterpillar and Cat dealers (through Dealer Remarketing Agreements) on Mascus advertising
and syndication worldwide. Specifics of such discounts will be agreed between the parties and based on analysis of current aggregate
Caterpillar and Cat dealer Mascus volume, with more substantial discounts on incremental volume. Caterpillar will strive to support
RCC s building of the Mascus business in North and South America through RCC creation and marketing of a Mascus advertising
program to Caterpillar, Cat Financial and Cat dealers. RCC will strive to support CatUsed.com up to and including RCC running CatUsed.com
on behalf of Caterpillar, as agreed between the Parties.   

2.            SCOPE OF AGREEMENT.  This Agreement
is a  master  form of contract that will allow the parties to contract for equipment auction and listing services,
to enter into marketing programs as agreed upon by the parties, and to exchange commercial data as more specifically described
herein. 

3.    EFFECTIVENESS OF AGREEMENT.  

3.1   This Agreement is executed as of the Execution Date but shall only become effective as set forth
in Section 3.2 below.   

3.2   Unless otherwise terminated or voided as provided herein, this Agreement shall become effective
upon (the   Effective Date  ) the consummation of the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement; provided, however,
that (a) if the Merger has not been consummated prior to the End Date (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement), or
(b) the Merger is approved by any regulatory authority on the condition that RCC make any changes to its business (structure,
process or otherwise) that may materially impact Caterpillar s value and benefit derived from the Alliance or intents of
this Agreement (as determined by Caterpillar in its reasonable discretion), this Agreement shall be null and void and of no further
force or effect.   

4.    AUCTION AND LISTING SERVICES.  

4.1    Standard Terms.  This Agreement incorporates by reference RCC s Seller Terms and Conditions
attached hereto as  Schedule A  (  Standard Terms  ). Unless otherwise defined, capitalized terms used
in this Agreement shall have the same meaning ascribed to them in the Standard Terms. In the event of a conflict between the provisions
of this Agreement and the Standard Terms, this Agreement shall control. The terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Standard
Terms shall supersede and take precedence over the terms in any Caterpillar purchase order or other ordering document provided
to RCC by Caterpillar.   

4.2    Equipment Listings.  The specific details of each equipment listing or consignment shall
be separately specified in writing on terms and in a form acceptable to the Parties (  Equipment Listing Form  ).
A sample Equipment Listing Form is attached as  Schedule B . Each Equipment Listing Form will include, as appropriate, Caterpillar s
contact information, equipment location, list of equipment to be offered for sale, contact for inspections, lien holder information,
and payment instructions. Caterpillar has the option of outlining each equipment listing or consignment in a separate Equipment
Listing Form or via a Caterpillar-generated e-mail or fax that contains the foregoing information regarding the equipment, in each
case sent from an authorized representative designated by Caterpillar (a   Designated Seller Representative  )
to RCC s designated corporate office.   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  3  of 21     

4.3    Affiliates.  This Agreement covers the provision of services by RCC and its corporate affiliates
in any geographic area in which RCC or its corporate affiliates conduct business. Accordingly, this Agreement represents a vehicle
by which Caterpillar and its corporate affiliates can efficiently contract with RCC and its corporate affiliates in any geographic
area in which RCC or its corporate affiliates conducts business for online marketplace services and live, on-site auction services.
Any affiliate of RCC or Caterpillar may enter into Equipment Listing Forms outlining equipment to be placed for sale, and the terms,
conditions and rights in this Agreement shall be incorporated into the Equipment Listing Form and be binding on such affiliate.
For greater certainty, any consignment of equipment to an RB Channel (as defined below) would be made with the RCC corporate affiliate
operating in the corresponding country of the specific auction. The term   affiliate   shall mean all entities
controlling, controlled by or under common control with a Party. The term   control   shall mean the ability to
vote fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting securities of any entity or otherwise having the ability to influence and direct
the polices and direction of an entity.   

a)   During the Term of this Agreement, Caterpillar is entitled to the fixed, volume-based commission
rates set forth on  Schedule C  for all consignments sold through RCC s online auctions and marketplaces (  Auction
Sites  ) and/or RCC s live, on-site auction marketplaces (  Live Auctions  , and together with
Auctions Sites,   RCC Auctions  ). For the avoidance of doubt, the term  RCC Auctions  shall not include
any closed sales channels among Caterpillar and Cat dealers.   

b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Caterpillar is entitled to a maximum commission rate of  [ ***
] % for all consignments sold via closed sales channels among Caterpillar and Cat dealers conducted through RCC Auctions during
the Term.   

c)   Ninety (90) days in advance of the expiration of the Term and any Renewal Term, the Parties will
review the commission rates and Caterpillar Volume then in effect and negotiate in good faith potential rate or Caterpillar Volume
increases or decreases in determining the Caterpillar Volume and rates that will apply during the succeeding Renewal Term. When
negotiating such rates, the Parties will consider factors such as RCC costs, industry commission rate benchmarking, and the incremental
value that Caterpillar and Cat dealers have brought RCC to the extent they exceeded the Caterpillar Volume in the prior Term or
Renewal Term. In no event shall such rates increase by more than  [ *** ]  ( [ *** ] ) basis points over the rates for
the initial Term nor, in respect of the next Renewal Term, by more than a further  [ *** ]  ( [ *** ] ) basis points
over the rates for the first Renewal Term. If the Parties cannot agree on the Caterpillar Volume for the Renewal Term, the Caterpillar
Volume for such Renewal Term shall be  [ *** ]  percent ( [ *** ] %).   

4.5    Listing Fee.  As set forth in the Standard Terms, a listing fee (  Listing Fee  )
is charged for each item of equipment inspected by RCC in advance of an RCC Auction. Caterpillar will be charged the prevailing
Listing Fee at the time of each equipment Listing. Listing fees shall only be revised annually and any such revisions will be communicated
to Caterpillar no later than thirty (30) days prior to such revised Listing Fees taking effect. To the extent equipment is not
inspected by RCC in advance of an RCC Auction, no Listing Fee will be charged.   

4.6    Out-of-Pocket Expenses.  RCC shall be reimbursed for all pre-approved out-of-pocket expenses
related to the sale of equipment consigned by Caterpillar for RCC Auction, including, but not limited to, refurbishment, repair,
painting, cleaning, and moving and storage charges necessary for the sale of the equipment.   

4.7    Reporting and Payment to Caterpillar.  No later than seven (7) days after the RCC Auction,
RCC shall issue to Caterpillar a settlement report (the   Settlement Report  ) that will set forth in detail information
regarding the sale of equipment and the allocation of the funds, subject to open items or uncollected accounts, if any. The Settlement
Report also will set forth all reimbursable expenses. The sale of equipment shall be on a cash only basis. In the event of non-payment
by a buyer, RCC may cancel the sale, enforce payment by the buyer, or sell the equipment and take any other action permitted by
law. In addition, RCC shall be granted a security interest in such equipment to secure any amounts owed to RCC including any amounts
advanced to Caterpillar by RCC for which the proceeds have not been collected from the buyer.   

[ *** ] Confidential Information has been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to this
omitted information.  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  4  of 21     

4.8    Timing of Proceeds from Sales of Equipment.  Payment of proceeds from sales of equipment
shall be made to Caterpillar as set forth in the Standard Terms.   

4.9    Certification of Liens and Encumbrances.  For each equipment listing, Caterpillar shall provide
RCC with information (name and contact information) regarding outstanding liens or encumbrances on such equipment at the time of
listing. Unless as otherwise disclosed at the time of such equipment listing, Caterpillar shall be deemed to have certified that
the equipment is or shall be free of all liens and encumbrances prior to being placed for auction with RCC. Caterpillar hereby
authorizes RCC to contact potential lien holders for the disclosure of liens, charges, encumbrances and security interests and
to obtain pay-off balances and releases. Caterpillar also consents to the release to RCC of any and all information pertaining
to any such lien, charge, encumbrance or security interest by the holder thereof.   

4.10    Titles.  For sales completed on an Auction Site or IP Channel, subject to Caterpillar s
receipt of payment for the equipment, Caterpillar, at its own expense, shall deliver to RCC a bill of sale and such other documentation
as may be reasonably necessary to transfer title to the equipment to the buyer. For each consignment of equipment to a live, onsite
auction in the RB Channel, Caterpillar, at its own expense, will deliver to RCC all documents as may be reasonably necessary to
transfer title to the equipment to the buyer in accordance with the Standard Terms. Caterpillar agrees and acknowledges that pursuant
to the Standard Terms, Caterpillar hereby appoints RCC as its attorney-in-fact with a limited power of attorney (  LPOA  )
to execute on Caterpillar s behalf, all documents necessary and required to transfer title to, and permit registration of
ownership of, any portion of the equipment to the buyer; provided, however, if original titles or a notarized LPOA are required
by state or local regulation to transfer title, Caterpillar shall provide RCC with either, as applicable, (i) signed original
titles or (ii) a notarized LPOA and unsigned original titles at least two weeks prior to the sale date. Failure to provide title(s)
and/or an LPOA as required will prevent the equipment from being made available for sale until such documentation is provided.
For IP Channels, titles shall be sent to:  IronPlanet Holdings, Inc., Attn: Title Specialist, 3825 Hopyard Road, Ste. 250, Pleasanton,
CA 94588. Phone: 925-225-8800, as such address may be updated from time to time . For RB Channels, titles shall be sent to the
local RCC auction office at which the corresponding equipment will be sold.   

4.11    Currency and Payment.  All prices noted in this Agreement are listed in U.S. Dollars. Other
than equipment Listing Forms entered into in respect of Live Auctions through RB Channels: (a) Equipment Listing Forms entered
into with Caterpillar in the U.S. will be invoiced and paid in U.S. Dollars; (b) Equipment Listing Forms entered into with
Caterpillar in Canada will be invoiced and paid in Canadian Dollars; (c) Equipment Listing Forms entered into with Caterpillar
in Europe will be invoiced and paid in Euros; (d) Equipment Listing Forms entered into with Caterpillar in the United Kingdom will
be invoiced and paid in Pounds Sterling; (e) Equipment Listing Forms entered into with Caterpillar in Australia will be invoiced
and paid in Australian Dollars; and (f) Equipment Listing Forms entered into with Caterpillar in a country other than the
U.S., Canada, the UK, Australia or country within Europe will be invoiced and paid in U.S. Dollars. Unless otherwise agreed by
the Parties in writing, Equipment Listing Forms entered into with RCC in respect of Live Auctions through RB Channels will be invoiced
and paid in the local currency of the applicable RCC office, except in the case of Mexico, Panama, and the United Arab Emirates
which will be invoiced and paid in U.S. Dollars.   

4.12    Caterpillar Volume Commitments.    

a)    Commitment.  From time to time Caterpillar and Cat dealers may choose to dispose of equipment
via public online or on-site auctions in the following jurisdictions: North America (United States, Canada and Mexico); the United
Kingdom (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland); Australia; the Middle East (Turkey, Israel, Saudi Arabia, United Arab
Emirates, Egypt, Iraq, Yemen, Jordan, Palestine, Lebanon, Oman, Kuwait, Qatar and Bahrain); or the European Union (Austria, Belgium,
Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden) (  Total Volume  ).
Of the Total Volume, Caterpillar agrees that the following percentages of equipment, as calculated per below, shall be disposed
of through RCC Auctions (  Caterpillar Volume  ):   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  5  of 21     

For the avoidance of doubt and for
purposes of the Total Volume definition, public online or on-site auctions do not include closed auctions among Caterpillar and/or
Cat dealers. 

b)    Calculation.  The Caterpillar Volume will reflect, in the aggregate, the percent of equipment
as compared to the Total Volume that Caterpillar and Cat dealers sell through RCC Auctions. Within sixty (60) days of the end of
each calendar year, as set forth in the table above, Caterpillar will report to RCC the Caterpillar Volume as a percent of the
Total Volume. When calculating the Caterpillar Volume, Caterpillar will consider the percent of dollars represented by the Total
Volume.   

c)    Effect of Caterpillar Volume Commitments . To the extent Caterpillar fails to achieve the
Caterpillar Volume in any calendar year, RCC may, subject to the terms hereof, (i) revoke Caterpillar s access to the
Tool granted in Section 6.1, (ii) discontinue provision of the Information set forth in Section 6.2, and/or (iii) only
to the extent Caterpillar fails to cure as set forth in Section 4.12(d), terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 7.
The Parties agree that the remedies set forth herein are the exclusive RCC remedies for failure by Caterpillar to achieve the Caterpillar
Volume and such failure shall not be considered grounds to claim damages for breach. RCC further agrees not to revoke Caterpillar s
access to the Tool granted in Section 6.1 or discontinue providing Information set forth in Section 6.2 to Caterpillar (the   Data
Remedies  ) for the first twelve (12) months following the Effective Date, regardless of the Caterpillar Volume commitments
set forth in this Section 4.12. For the avoidance of doubt, RCC taking action on the Data Remedies shall not affect Caterpillar s
rights in the Information, granted pursuant to Section 6.3, previously received, extracted, used, reviewed, shared, distributed,
transferred, analyzed or processed and shall also not affect Caterpillar rights in any derivative works made therefrom.   

d)    Caterpillar Cure . To the extent Caterpillar fails to meet the Caterpillar Volume commitment
for a calendar year, RCC agrees that before RCC may take action on any of the remedies set forth in Section 4.12(c), the Advisory
Board shall meet within thirty (30) days after determination of such failure to discuss in good faith waiving or modifying the
Caterpillar Volume commitment for that year or granting Caterpillar the opportunity to achieve the Caterpillar Volume with an extended
timeline. Following such Advisory Board meeting, RCC shall provide Caterpillar with at least thirty (30) days  prior written
notice before it takes action on the Data Remedies. RCC shall resume sharing data pursuant to its commitments under Section 6 immediately
following Caterpillar achieving the Caterpillar Volume percentage for the then current year as set forth in Section 4.12(a) for
the three (3) months following RCC s actions regarding the Data Remedies.   

e)    Cat dealers .   Caterpillar understands that RCC will require a minimum volume commitment
from Cat dealers as further described in Section 4.14 as a condition to granting Cat dealers access to certain data elements. Caterpillar
further understands that such requirements will be agreed between RCC and each Cat dealer that agrees to so contract with RCC in
a Dealer Remarketing Agreement or other such agreement.   

4.13    Volume Commitment Audit Rights . RCC shall have the right to audit Caterpillar s reporting
of Caterpillar Volume through the use of a  clean team  which will be comprised of independent outside consultants
that do not interact with Caterpillar and are not involved with the Alliance and Objectives. Such consultants will review Caterpillar s
methodology for creating the reports, together with the data and records used in generating the reports. Such consultant will be
engaged to perform such work and share only their conclusions with RCC, not Caterpillar s internal business processes and
reporting procedures.   

4.14    Dealer Volume Requests.  Caterpillar understands that RCC will require Cat dealers that choose
to enter into a Dealer Remarketing Agreement to sell greater than  [ *** ]  of equipment sold through RCC Auctions (for greater
certainty, excluding the use of non-transactional listing services), [ *** ] . RCC will agree in the Dealer Remarketing Agreement
not to revoke Cat dealers  access to the data provided thereunder for the first twelve (12) months following the effective
date of such agreement, regardless of the Cat dealer s volume commitments. For the avoidance of doubt, Caterpillar makes
no commitments to RCC about the volume of equipment Cat dealers will sell through RCC Auctions.   

[ *** ] Confidential Information has been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to this
omitted information.  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  6  of 21     

4.15    Auction Locations . For Live Auctions where RCC does not have a permanent location, RCC shall
seek to use Cat dealer sites when appropriate. Additionally, in preparation for Live Auctions and at RCC s locations, RCC
will use equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar as its preferred equipment.   

4.16    Cat Parts . RCC will use genuine Cat parts for servicing equipment branded with a trademark
owned by Caterpillar that is (a) used in RCC s operations or (b) in RCC s care, to the extent RCC may select the
brand of parts to use. RCC will encourage sellers and buyers at RCC Auctions to select Cat parts for service.   

5.      Marketing.   

5.1    RCC will provide Caterpillar with preferred access for marketing opportunities such as the following,
which opportunities RCC agrees will also be reflected in the Dealer Remarketing Agreement with each Cat dealer that chooses to
so contract with RCC:   

a)   Prominent signage, in conformance with Caterpillar brand standards;   

b)   Warranty sale opportunities;   

c)   Ability to promote service offerings; and   

d)   Ability to promote finance offerings (for Caterpillar consistent with Section 1.6).   

5.2    RCC will work with Caterpillar and Cat dealers to help drive demand for new sectors (such as power
generation) in both the IP Channels and RB Channels.   

5.3    The Parties shall review and discuss adoption of additional marketing programs that may include:
(a) additional lead generation and co-marketing arrangements; (b) appropriate business intelligence gathering and sharing;
and (c) direct marketing programs to the Caterpillar s and RCC s customer bases.   

5.4    Caterpillar will assist RCC (a) with verification of emissions regulatory status of certain
serial numbers and (b) by connecting RCC with Cat dealers to purchase appropriate decals for equipment. RCC is ultimately
responsible for confirming an item s regulatory status and the placement of appropriate decals.   

5.5    Caterpillar will provide RCC with publicly available product information and specifications so
RCC can better market equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar.   

5.6    RCC and Cat dealers will work together to create a  welcome kit  to encourage winning
bidders to become Cat dealer customers.   

6.     Data Sharing   .  

6.1    Tool . RCC will provide Caterpillar with access to the Dealer Portal (the   Tool  ),
which shall be an access point to certain applications including the IronPlanet Auction Pricing Tool. Such access shall be provided
through the Internet at a web address to be provided by RCC. RCC hereby grants Caterpillar a worldwide, fully paid up, royalty
free, non-exclusive, license to access the Tool.     The Tool
provides the following data related to equipment sales: Year, Make, Model, Sales Price, Serial Number, Date of Sale, Buyer Location
and Description of the equipment.   

6.2    Data . Pursuant to the data licenses below and in addition to access to the data set forth
in the Tool, RCC shall in accordance with Sections 6.4(a) and 6.4(b) provide Caterpillar with the following information (together
with the data set forth in the Tool, the   Information  ):   

a)   In respect of all equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar (  Cat Branded
Equipment  ), Customer Information (as defined below) for:   

i)     [ *** ] , together with the  [ *** ]  and  [ *** ] , for such Cat Branded Equipment
sold through an Auction Site that was previously owned by IP, a Live Auction of the type previously run by IP or any other online
marketplace previously owned by IP (the   IP Channels  ) or any other equipment sale marketplace that is not within
the IP Channels (  RB Channels  ); and   

[ *** ] Confidential Information has been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to this
omitted information.  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  7  of 21     

ii)     [ *** ] for such Cat Branded Equipment sold through IP Channels or RB Channels, provided
that in the context of a live on-site auction within the IP Channels or RB Channels, RCC agrees to provide the information set
forth in this section 6.2(a)(ii) only to the extent RCC collects such information;   

b)   In respect of all equipment consigned by Caterpillar or a Cat dealer (  Cat Consigned Equipment  ),
Customer Information for:   

i)     [ *** ] , together with the  [ *** ]  and  [ *** ] , for such Cat Consigned Equipment
sold through IP Channels or RB Channels; and   

ii)       [ *** ]  for such Cat Consigned Equipment sold through IP Channels
or RB Channels, provided that in the context of a live on-site auction within the IP Channels or RB Channels, RCC agrees to provide
the information set forth in this Section 6.2(b)(ii) only to the extent RCC collects such information.   

c)   A one-time report with  [ *** ]  of equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar
and sold through the RB Channels; and   

d)   (A) Inspection and condition reports for all equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar
regardless of the channel to the extent RCC conducts an inspection; and (B) Inspection and condition reports for all equipment
consigned by Caterpillar or a Cat dealer regardless of the channel to the extent RCC conducts an inspection.   

Customer Information  
shall mean:  [ *** ].  

RCC further agrees that the Information
it will provide Caterpillar under Section 6.2(a) regarding equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar shall be provided
to Caterpillar exclusively, provided RCC shall not be restricted from sharing such information with the consignor of the specific
equipment or from using the Information for its business operations in the ordinary course. 

6.3    License . RCC further grants Caterpillar a worldwide, perpetual, fully paid up, royalty free,
non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable license to receive, use, review, share, distribute and make derivative works from Information.
For the avoidance of doubt, Caterpillar may use, distribute, transfer, analyze and process the Information, including through the
use of third party processors. The license set forth in this Section 6.3 is intended to grant such rights in the Information to
Caterpillar for use in Caterpillar s internal business purposes which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes, without limitation,
(a) incorporating or integrating such data into products and services that Caterpillar sells to customers, either directly,
through Cat dealers or by other means, provided that the data is not being sold on a standalone basis as a data set regardless
of form, (b) incorporating such data into products and services used by Cat dealers, (c) business intelligence, and (d) marketing.   

For the avoidance of doubt, this
Section 6.3 does not restrict RCC s rights to use the Information for its internal business purposes or from developing services
and products (for which it may derive a fee) that utilize aggregated Information. Further, RCC shall not be restricted or prevented
(through this Agreement) from entering into similar data sharing arrangements with other customers or manufacturers as it relates
to such customers  or manufacturers  equipment. 

a)    Method . As of the Effective Date and subject to the terms of this Agreement, RCC shall deliver
the Information to Caterpillar through the Tool and by such other means as are necessary to fully deliver the Information, as agreed
between Caterpillar and RCC. RCC is committed to enhancing the delivery of data directly to Caterpillar through a data feed (or
other similar means) and to develop other mutually acceptable means and methods to accelerate the delivery of information where
time is of the essence.   

b)    Timing . For Information that is collected on IP Channels, RCC shall provide such Information
to Caterpillar immediately upon the Effective Date. In the case of data collected on RB Channels, RCC shall provide such Information
as soon as reasonably practicable for RCC technologically, but no later than one hundred and twenty (120) days following the Effective
Date.   

[ *** ] Confidential Information has been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to this
omitted information.  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  8  of 21     

c)    Delivery to Cat dealers Working with IP as of the Execution Date . Cat dealers that are engaged
with IP and receiving certain customer data as of the Execution Date shall continue to receive such data consistent with past practice
following the Effective Date. Caterpillar understands that RCC will require Cat dealers to enter into Dealer Remarketing Agreements
that include certain terms for such Cat dealers to begin receiving service territory specific data from RCC that is broader than
what is received as of the Execution Date. RCC shall be prepared (technologically and otherwise) to commence sharing this broader
set of service territory specific data with Cat dealers within one hundred twenty (120) days following the Effective Date.   

d)    Delivery to other Cat dealers . For Cat dealers not engaged with IP as of the Execution Date
but that wish to engage with RCC under a Dealer Remarketing Agreement or otherwise, RCC agrees that such Cat dealers will commence
receiving the agreed upon data as soon as possible following execution of the Dealer Remarketing Agreement and being on-boarded
by RCC onto the RCC data interface then in effect.   

6.5    Customer Documentation . RCC will revise its template customer agreements and other related
documentation, including its privacy policy, if any and as needed, to reflect the data sharing principals expressed herein such
that RCC is permitted in the future to share data consistent with its obligations set forth in this Agreement and as permissible
under applicable privacy laws and regulations. To the extent Caterpillar wishes to use data acquired under this Agreement for purposes
other than those expressly outlined in this Agreement, Caterpillar will be solely responsible for obtaining such consent from customers
as it deems necessary in its discretion.   

6.6    Warranty; Limitation of Liability.   EACH PARTY warrants
that the services IT provideS under this Agreement will be provided in a professional manner AND TO THE REASONABLE SATISFACTION
OF THE RECEIVING PARTY. ADDITIONALLY, EACH PARTY warrants that the INFORMATION IT provideS under this Agreement will be provided
in a professional manner. Except as expressly provided in the immediately preceding sentenceS or as otherwise expressly set forth
in this agreement or an equipment listing form,   ALL   SERVICES AND INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH THIS AGREEMENT
ARE PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND EXCEPT FOR Either party s
BREACH OF THE LICENSES GRANTED TO THE INFORMATION IN SECTION 6.3 or Section 8 of this Agreement, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, COVER, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT
OR TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING LOSS OF REVENUE, PROFITS, OR BUSINESS, ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION,
OR COST OF REPLACEMENT GOODS AND/OR SERVICES, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.    

a)    Live Auctions . For Live Auctions, RCC, in compliance with all applicable law, shall use
its best reasonable efforts to obtain any necessary consent to place and activate a data transmitter, such as a telematics device
(  Data Transmitter  ), on (i) each piece of equipment listed by Caterpillar or Cat dealers for sale via
IP Channels or RB Channels and (ii) each piece of equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar and listed by others,
to the extent the equipment is not already outfitted with such a device. Such request for consent shall be included in RCC s
initial documentation with customers or as otherwise agreed between RCC and Caterpillar. For equipment sellers and purchasers that
consent to the placement of a Data Transmitter and its activation, RCC would further provide any necessary notice to activate such
Data Transmitter so as to collect information from the equipment and transmit the same to Caterpillar. The form of such consent
is attached hereto as  Schedule D . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Caterpillar may amend  Schedule
D  to this Agreement at any time by sending a copy of the revised  Schedule D  to any RCC representative on the Advisory
Board. The amended consent form will be used in replacement of the previously provided consent form no later than thirty (30) days
from the date of delivery, and for greater certainty, RCC will be under no obligation to obtain consent from any customers retroactively
or for any Live Auctions already in process.   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  9  of 21     

b)    Auction Sites . For auctions conducted through the Auction Sites, RCC would provide the purchaser
of each piece of equipment purchased via RCC s services with Caterpillar s then current promotion for the installation
of a Data Transmitter on such purchased equipment.   

c)    Costs.  Caterpillar and Cat dealers will be responsible for the cost of hardware and installation
of Data Transmitters, while RCC will be responsible for the implicit cost of obtaining the necessary consents through its business
processes.   

d)    Data Sharing to RCC . RCC shall be entitled to receive certain data from the equipment sold
through the RCC Auctions that RCC causes to become equipped with a Data Transmitter, accompanied by consent as set forth in Section
6.7(a) from the equipment owner as outlined above and as allowed by applicable law. The data RCC shall receive pursuant to this
Section 6.7(d) shall be provided for RCC s internal use (and not for RCC resale) and shall include (i) the machine hours
at the later of the activation of the telematics device or the date the equipment is sold using the RCC Auctions and (ii) the
location of the equipment 120 days after the date the equipment is sold using the RCC Auctions.   

e)    Audit . Caterpillar shall have the right at reasonable times and during normal business hours
to audit, inspect and copy RCC s records maintained in connection with this Section 6.7, including any consents, notices
and other documents.   

f)    Advance Notice . To allow Caterpillar to effectively market Data Transmitters and other related
services to customers, RCC shall provide Caterpillar with a list of equipment serial numbers for equipment that is (i) branded
with a trademark owned by Caterpillar or (ii) listed or consigned by Caterpillar or a Cat dealer via RCC s services,
at least five (5) days in advance of the applicable RCC Auction for all equipment that has been consigned to such RCC Auction or
otherwise as promptly as reasonably practicable.   

7.     TERM AND TERMINATION.   

7.1    Term . The term (  Term  ) of this Agreement shall be a five (5) year period
commencing on the Effective Date (the   Initial Term  ). Thereafter, this Agreement will automatically renew for
consecutive renewal terms of three (3) years (each, a   Renewal Term  ), except that if the Caterpillar Volume
has not been met for the previous calendar year RCC may elect to terminate subject to compliance with the provisions of Sections
4.12(d) and 7.2. The Parties will make reasonable efforts to resolve any disputes between them. Reasonable efforts shall include
the relevant business team, or portions thereof, from each of Caterpillar, RCC and the affected Cat dealer, if appropriate, meeting
to attempt to resolve the dispute. To the extent that team cannot come to a resolution of the dispute, the Advisory Board shall
meet to attempt to resolve the dispute.   

7.2    Termination . To the extent the Parties are unable to resolve a dispute, either Party may
terminate the Agreement for cause upon not less than twelve (12) months written notice prior to the end of the then-current Initial
Term or Renewal Term, as the case may be. The termination of this Agreement shall not affect any right or obligation of a Party
that accrues under this Agreement prior to the effective date of the termination of this Agreement. The Parties  rights and
obligations under the last sentence of Section 4.12(c)   Effect of Volume Commitments; Section 7  Term and Termination,
Section 8   Confidentiality, and Section 9   Miscellaneous will survive termination of this Agreement.   

7.3    Transition Services . To the extent this Agreement is terminated per Section 7.2, the Parties
will work together to devise mechanisms to provide continuity of benefits for a transition and wind-down period (the   Transition
Period  ) of up to twenty-four (24) months (at Caterpillar s election, or as few as twelve (12) months if RCC has
terminated for cause) following notice of any termination. During the Transition Period, RCC shall: (a) continue to provide auction
services and access to the Information as set forth in Section 6; and (b) provide transition services to enable Caterpillar to
achieve a smooth transition and avoid disruption while it explores alternative auction solutions. Caterpillar will pay RCC for
transition services at RCC s cost plus  [ *** ]  percent ( [ *** ] %). During the Transition Period and notwithstanding
the terms of Section 6.2, access to the Information shall be provided to Caterpillar on a non-exclusive, royalty free basis. For
the sake of clarity, data sharing pursuant to Section 6 and commission rates then in effect shall remain unchanged during the Transition
Period, subject to continued observance by Caterpillar of the Caterpillar Volume described in Section 4.12. The Parties shall work
cooperatively during the Transition Period to ensure an orderly wind-down and transition.   

[ *** ] Confidential Information has been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to this
omitted information.  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  10  of 21     

8.    CONFIDENTIALITY.  

8.1   In the spirit of the strategic alliance described in this Agreement, Caterpillar and RCC anticipate
disclosing to one another information that each deems to be confidential or proprietary. The receiving Party shall (a) accord Confidential
Information (as defined below) received by it from the disclosing Party with the same degree of confidential treatment that it
accords its similar proprietary and confidential business and technical information, which shall not be less than the care a reasonable
business person would exercise under similar circumstances, (b) use such Confidential Information only as permitted in writing
by the disclosing Party or as contemplated in this Agreement, and (c) not disclose any of such Confidential Information to any
Person other than its directors, officers, employees, and representatives (collectively   Representatives  ) who
have a need to know in connection with this Agreement.   

8.2    Notwithstanding any other provision of Section 8.1, the receiving Party
may disclose Confidential Information of the disclosing Party, without liability for such disclosure, to the extent that such disclosure
is (a) required to be made pursuant to applicable law, government authority, duly authorized subpoena, or court order, in which
case the receiving Party will provide prompt notice to the disclosing Party and endeavor to give the disclosing Party an opportunity
to respond prior to such disclosure, (b) required to be made to a court or other tribunal in connection with the enforcement of
the receiving Party s rights under this Agreement, or (c) approved by the prior written consent of the disclosing Party.    

8.3    The rights and obligations under this Section 8 with respect to any
Confidential Information will survive for as long as such information continues to qualify as Confidential Information under Section
8.6.    

8.4    Upon the request of the disclosing Party following the termination of
this Agreement, and in accordance with the disclosing Party s written instructions and at the disclosing Party s expense,
the receiving Party will promptly return or destroy all of the disclosing Party s Confidential Information in the receiving
Party s possession or control; provided, that the receiving Party may retain a legal file copy and will not be required to
destroy electronic back-up copies made in the ordinary course of business, so long as the receiving Party does not use such copies
following the termination of this Agreement.    

8.5    No Party shall issue any press release or make any public announcement
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other Party; provided, however, that
either Party may make any public disclosure it believes in good faith is required by applicable laws, in which case the disclosing
Party will use its reasonable efforts to advise the other Party prior to making the disclosure. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, if RCC believes in good faith that it is required to file or publicly disclose a copy of this Agreement to comply
with any applicable disclosure laws or regulations (including any reporting requirement of the Securities Exchange Commission),
or any listing requirement of any stock exchange, RCC shall (a) use its reasonable efforts to notify Caterpillar prior to
any such filing of this Agreement; (b) use its reasonable efforts to redact pricing and other competitively sensitive terms
and conditions of this Agreement as Caterpillar may reasonably request prior to any such filing; and (c) file a confidential
treatment request reasonably acceptable to Caterpillar with respect to such redacted document as part of any such filing.    

8.6      Confidential Information   means any design, specification,
idea, concept, plan, copy, formula, drawing, procedure, business process, organizational data, customer or supplier lists, or other
business or technical information that the disclosing Party holds confidential or considers proprietary whether oral, written or
viewed by audit, in connection with this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term  Confidential Information 
does not include any information that (a) was already in the possession of the receiving Party prior to the receipt of the information
from the disclosing Party without restriction on its use or disclosure; (b) is or becomes available to the general public through
no act or fault of the receiving Party; (c) is rightfully disclosed to the receiving Party by a third party without restriction
on its use or disclosure; or (d) is independently developed by the receiving Party without any use of or reference to the disclosing
Party s Confidential Information.    

8.7   Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, RCC shall be free to use and disclose to persons
and entities (a) any information regarding the pricing and specifications of any equipment sold at public auction or available
for sale at public auction through Auction Sites and/or Live Auctions to the extent disclosed as part of the auction and provided
to all bidders, and (b) any relevant commercial data from RCC s business, including, but not limited to, market data,
real-time public auction pricing, equipment utilization data, and regional sales trend information, so long as such commercial
data does not identify Caterpillar and cannot be segmented to separately identify Caterpillar. Further, RCC may share any information
regarding any equipment branded with a trademark owned by Caterpillar sold at public auction or available for sale at public auction
through Auction Sites and/or Live Auctions with the consignors of such items.   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  11  of 21     

8.8   Further, in the event that RCC is engaged to provide services to a manufacturer of products competitive
with those of Caterpillar, its affiliate, dealers or distributors, then RCC is obligated and will  not  disclose to Caterpillar
confidential commercial information regarding the business of such manufacturers of such products and such manufacturers 
dealers and distributors.       

9.    MISCELLANEOUS.  

9.1    Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be considered
an original, but all of which together shall constitute the same instrument. Execution and delivery of the Agreement may be evidenced
by facsimile, PDF (Portable Document Format), or electronic signature and shall hold the same force and effect as an original signature
for purposes of binding the Parties.   

9.2     Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the Parties regarding their strategic alliance and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements, or representations
by the Parties, written or oral, to the extent that they relate in any way to the Alliance. For the avoidance of doubt and only
upon the Effective Date, this Agreement supersedes and terminates that certain Master Operating and Remarketing Agreement dated
as of April 1, 2015 by and between Caterpillar and IP.    

9.3     Amendment . This Agreement may be amended or modified only by
a writing that is signed by the Parties and that refers explicitly to this Agreement.    

9.4     Succession and Assignment . This Agreement will be binding upon
and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Neither Party may assign any of
its rights or obligations under this Agreement, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the other Party, and
any attempt to do so without the required consent will be void and of no effect.     

9.5     No Third Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement will not confer
any rights or remedies upon any Person other than the Parties.    

9.6     Severability.  Any provision of this Agreement that is invalid
or unenforceable in any situation in any jurisdiction will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions
of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of the offending provision in any other situation or in any other jurisdiction.
The Parties will attempt in good faith to replace any such invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable provision
designed to achieve, to the extent possible under applicable laws, the business purpose and intent of such invalid or unenforceable
provision.    

9.7     Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the domestic laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction
other than the State of Delaware.    

9.8     Forum.  The Parties agree and further acknowledge that any claim,
demand or suit made in connection with any lien, claim, demand or suit arising from this Agreement be initiated in the U.S. District
Court for the Southern District of New York and that only in the event such federal court is not available may a dispute arising
from this Agreement be initiated in any of the Superior Courts in the State of New York. Each Party irrevocably waives, to the
fullest extent allowed by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum in any such action or proceeding.    

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  12  of 21     

9.9     Relationship.  Nothing in this Agreement is to imply an agency,
joint venture, partnership, or fiduciary relationship between the Parties. Neither Party is authorized to make any representations
or commitments on behalf of the other Party.     

9.10     Expenses.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement,
each Party shall bear all of its own costs and expenses incurred in performing and complying with such Party s obligations
related to or arising out of this Agreement.    

9.11    Force Majeure . No failure or delay by any Party in the performance of any of its obligations
under this Agreement will be deemed a breach of this Agreement or create any liability, if such failure or delay arises from a
general strike, labor dispute, lockout, fire, flood, severe weather, or other act of God, war, terrorism, insurrection, civil disturbance,
embargoes of goods by any government or any other governmental action, and any such cause will absolve the affected Party from
liability for such failure or delay in performing such obligation or responsibility; provided, that the affected Party uses commercially
reasonable efforts to avoid or promptly remove such causes of nonperformance and promptly resumes performance when such causes
are removed. The affected Party will provide the other Party with prompt written notice describing any failure or delay in performance
that occurs by reason of force majeure and stating the estimated delay in performance due to such force majeure. The Parties will
remain liable for those obligations under this Agreement that are not affected by the force majeure event.   

9.12     Waiver . No waiver by a Party of any provision of this Agreement
or any default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty under this Agreement, whether intentional or not, will be valid unless
such waiver is in writing and signed by the Party making such waiver, nor will such waiver be deemed to extend to any prior or
subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty under this Agreement or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue
of any prior or subsequent such default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty.    

9.13     Incorporation of Schedules . The schedules identified in this
Agreement are incorporated in this Agreement by reference and made a part of this Agreement.    

9.14     Notices . Any notice, request, instruction, or other document
to be given under this Agreement by a Party will be in writing and will be deemed to have been given (a) when received, if given
in person or by courier or a reputable courier service (e.g., FedEx, UPS, DHL, etc.), (b) on the date of transmission, if sent
by facsimile or other wire transmission including electronic mail (receipt confirmed) or (c) five (5) Business Days after being
deposited in the mail, certified or registered, postage prepaid.    

If to RCC:   
         Ritchie Bros. 
         9500 Glenlyon Parkway 
         Burnaby, BC V5J 0C6 
         Attn: Jim Barr 
         Email: 
         Facsimile: 
           
          With a copy to:  
         Ritchie Bros. 
         9500 Glenlyon Parkway 
         Burnaby, BC V5J 0C6 
         Attn: Legal Affairs 
         Facsimile:  
     
          If to Caterpillar:   
         Caterpillar Inc. 
         100 NW Adams 
         Peoria, IL 61629 
         Attn: George H. Taylor, Jr. 
         Email: 
         Facsimile: 
           
          With a copy to:   
         Caterpillar Inc. 
         100 N.E. Adams Street 
         Peoria, Illinois 61629 
         Attn: General Counsel 
         Facsimile:    

9.15     Construction . Capitalized terms defined in the singular include
the plural and vice versa. The words  include,   includes,  and  including  mean include, includes,
and including  without limitation.  Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all references to a  Section 
or a  Schedule  are to a Section of or a Schedule attached to this Agreement. Reference to and the definition of any
document will be deemed a reference to such document, including any schedules or exhibits to such document, as it may be amended,
supplemented, revised, or modified upon mutual written agreement of the Parties. The headings appearing in this Agreement are inserted
for convenience only and in no way define, limit, construe, or describe the scope or extent of any Section or in any way affect
any Section.    

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  13  of 21     

9.16     Jointly Drafted . The Parties have participated jointly in the
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will
be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring either
Party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement.    

9.17     Independent Legal Counsel . The Parties acknowledge that they
have been advised or had the opportunity to be advised by their own independently selected counsel and other advisors in connection
with this Agreement and enter into this Agreement solely on the basis of that advice and on the basis of their own independent
investigation of all of the facts, laws, and circumstances material to this Agreement, and not in any manner or to any degree based
upon any statement or omission by the other Party or its counsel.    

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  14  of 21     

In
Witness Whereof  , the Parties hereto have caused this Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement to be executed by
their duly authorized representatives as of the Execution Date, and each represents and warrants to the other that it has validly
executed this Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement and has the legal power to do so. 

CATERPILLAR INC.   
       
       RITCHIE BROS. AUCTIONEERS incorporated    

By:  
      /s/ George H. Taylor  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Ravichandra Saligram   

Name: George H. Taylor  
       
      Name: Ravichandra Saligram   

Title: Vice President  
       
      Title: Chief Executive Officer   

IRONPLANET, INC. (    solely for purposes of   

Sections 3, 7, 8 and 9)   

By:   
      /s/ Douglas P. Feick  

Name: Douglas P. Feick  

Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  15  of 21     

SCHEDULE A TO  Strategic
Alliance  AND REMARKETING AGREEMENT  

SELLER TERMS AND CONDITIONS   

This  SCHEDULE A    to Strategic
Alliance and Remarketing Agreement provides additional terms that govern the sale of the equipment and the provision of related
services by RCC. 

These Seller Terms and Conditions, including
all schedules and other policies, establish the terms of your use of RCC's sites and services (e.g., www.rbauction.com, www.ironplanet.com,
eu.IronPlanet.com, www.truckplanet.com, www.govplanet.com, www.allequip.com, www.catauctions.com and any third party online marketplace
owned by RCC) and are incorporated by reference into the Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement between Caterpillar and RCC
for the consigning, or listing and advertising of equipment for sale to buyers at RCC Auctions. 

1.    Services.  RCC offers you the use of the Auction Sites, which function as an online marketplace
and platform on which you can list and advertise equipment for sale to potential buyers (  Buyers  ), as well
as live, on-site auctions in the RB Channel or the IP Channel, such as Cat Auction Services  eQuipment Yard timed out auction
marketplace. In respect of sale completed using the Action Sites or IP Channels, each Party is acting on its own behalf, and RCC
is not a party to the subsequent purchase contract for equipment that is entered into between Caterpillar and the Buyer. The Auction
Sites and/or the live, on-site auctions in the IP Channel shall be a listing site for the equipment, and Caterpillar shall not
offer for sale or sell the equipment in any other manner until the earlier of (i) the date the equipment is sold in Live Auction
or Auction Sites, or (ii) for the period of ninety (90) days following the date Caterpillar withdraws the equipment from the applicable
auction.   By listing a piece of equipment with RCC on an Auction Site or in the IP Channel Caterpillar extends an irrevocable
offer to sell the equipment, as applicable, (a) to a Buyer who is the highest bidder and who meets or exceeds the opening bid or
reserve price, or (b) to a Buyer who commits to purchase equipment at the buy now price. After the winning bid for a piece of equipment
has been established by RCC or the Buyer has committed to purchase the equipment at the buy now price, the bid or purchase commitment
of Buyer will be automatically accepted by the Caterpillar and a purchase contract between Caterpillar and Buyer is automatically
concluded (  Purchase Contract  ). All applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement shall apply to the Purchase
Contract. Buyer and Caterpillar will be notified of the conclusion of the Purchase Contract by an email or other notification that
is generated automatically by the Auction Site or at the live, on-site auction in the IP Channel. There is no guarantee as to the
gross proceeds that may be realized from the sale of equipment through the Auction Site other than by Caterpillar establishing
a reserve price which may or may not be accepted by a Buyer. In respect of sales via live, on-site auctions in the RB Channels
(an   RB Auction  ), RCC shall, as agent of Caterpillar, offer for sale to Buyers the equipment designated for
sale at the RB Auction. After the winning bid for a piece of equipment has been accepted and established by RCC, the Buyer will
be unconditionally and irrevocably bound to complete the purchase of such piece of equipment. Auctions within the RB Channel will
have the exclusive right to sell any equipment designated on an Equipment Listing Form for sale by such means and Caterpillar shall
not withdraw such equipment, or offer for sale or sell such equipment in any other manner, from the date the equipment is first
advertised for sale at an RB Auction which generally occurs twenty (20) days in advance of said auction. All Live Auctions are
unreserved and equipment offered for sale will be sold to the highest bidder on the date of the auction. There is no guarantee
as to the gross proceeds that may be realized from sales of equipment at Live Auctions and RCC has no obligation or duty to withdraw
equipment from such auctions or cancel the same. The timing of the sale of equipment and opening bid shall be set by RCC. RCC shall
use its best efforts to sell the equipment on behalf of Caterpillar in a commercially reasonable manner. Caterpillar may not intentionally
manipulate, directly or indirectly, the price of equipment by any means. To the extent Caterpillar wishes to sell equipment at
Live Auction outside of the U.S., Canada, U.K., Europe and Australia, the Parties will cooperate and review the terms in this Schedule
A to ensure any local laws and requirements relating to the sale of equipment are addressed in a mutually satisfactory manner.   

2.    Inspections.  For all requested inspections, Caterpillar agrees to permit RCC and/or its
authorized representatives to test and inspect each piece of equipment at a time and place specified in the Agreement or as otherwise
mutually agreed. To the extent conducted as part of the ordinary course of business, RCC shall produce an inspection report (  Inspection
Report  ) for each piece of equipment. RCC inspections are solely for the purpose of reporting on the condition of the
equipment's major systems and attachments. RCC inspections are NOT intended to detect latent or hidden defects or conditions that
could only be found in connection with the physical dismantling of the equipment or the use of diagnostic equipment or techniques.
As such, RCC provides all Inspection Reports to Caterpillar  as is.  Caterpillar s failure to properly maintain
the equipment from the date of inspection until its removal from Caterpillar s location by Buyer will void the inspection.
If Caterpillar alters or performs repairs or other maintenance to the equipment after the inspection, another inspection will be
required, and Caterpillar will be subject to a re-inspection fee for the actual costs of such additional inspection. Subject to
the foregoing, all Inspection Reports and reports related to re-inspection shall be shared by RCC with Caterpillar. RCC acknowledges
and agrees that Caterpillar is permitted to use, share and distribute all information that will be contained in such Inspection
Reports, consistent with the terms of the Agreement, including sharing such information and Inspection Reports with its consultants,
data processors, legal counsel and financial advisors.   

3.    Equipment Availability; Risk of Loss; Insurance.  Caterpillar agrees to have the equipment
available for transportation, complete with ignition key, to the Buyer no later than one (1) business day after the conclusion
of the sale. The responsibility and risk of loss for equipment shall be and remain with Caterpillar (and not RCC) until the earlier
of: (i) the removal of the equipment from the posted equipment location by the Buyer or the Buyer's designated transportation provider
or (ii) receipt by Caterpillar of all proceeds from the sale of equipment. Thereafter, the equipment shall be and remain at the
risk of the Buyer or the Buyer's designated transportation provider (and not RCC). With respect to sales through live, on-site
auction, Caterpillar shall be responsible for maintaining insurance coverage pertaining to the equipment and its transfer to and
from, and storage at, the auction site, until the earlier of transfer of title of the equipment or removal from the equipment from
the auction site. RCC has no obligation to maintain insurance coverage pertaining to the equipment in the possession of RCC for
purposes hereunder.   

4.    Delivery.  For sales of equipment to be conducted by RCC through live, on-site auctions,
Caterpillar, at its expense, shall deliver the equipment and all related titles, certifications, or other documents relating to
ownership to RCC at the auction site no later than fifteen (15) days prior to the auction. At the time of delivery to the auction
site the equipment shall be in compliance with all Federal and State regulations regarding emissions, safety or any other regulations
as required by law. Titled items must have a legible VIN or other I.D. as required by law. Caterpillar will disclose to RCC any
and all modifications or omissions to the aforementioned Federal and State regulations.   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  16  of 21     

5.    Fees; Payment of Proceeds; Taxes . All fees and payment instructions are set forth in the
Agreement. Caterpillar shall be responsible for the payment of any tax or duty that is Caterpillar s responsibility as a
seller of the equipment. After the Purchase Contract is concluded between Caterpillar and the Buyer, the Site will generate a third
party invoice that is issued to Buyer on your behalf. The Buyer is responsible for paying to Caterpillar the purchase price for
the equipment upon conclusion of a Purchase Contract, and Caterpillar hereby instructs RCC to act as a payment processor and facilitate
receipt of the purchase price. Further, Caterpillar hereby grants RCC the right, in its own name, to enforce your right to payment.
Caterpillar agrees that no monies shall be payable to Caterpillar until paid by the Buyer. For equipment sold via RB Channels,
RCC will invoice the Buyer directly and the Buyer is responsible for paying RCC the purchase price for the equipment. The net proceeds
collected from sales of equipment via RB Channels (net of agreed amounts due to RCC) will be paid by RCC to Caterpillar within
twenty-one (21) days after the auction in accordance with the payment instructions provided by Caterpillar. Caterpillar acknowledges
that Buyers may fail to perform or pay on a timely basis and that RCC shall not have any liability to Caterpillar for any act or
omission of Buyers.   

6.    Representations . (i) Caterpillar represents and warrants that: (a) to its knowledge,
no equipment shall be fraudulent, stolen or counterfeit; (b) Caterpillar is duly authorized to enter into the Agreement and
sell such equipment; (c) Caterpillar is solvent and has not made any assignment, proposal or other proceeding for the benefit of
its creditors; (d) Caterpillar owns all right, title and interest in and to the equipment and the equipment is free and clear of
all liens or other encumbrances, except as otherwise disclosed by Caterpillar to RCC in writing; and (e) Caterpillar operates
its business and will perform under this Agreement in compliance with all applicable laws, agreements and policies by which Caterpillar
is bound, including applicable emissions regulation. (ii) RCC represents and warrants that: (w)  RCC is duly authorized
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization; (x) RCC is duly authorized to enter into the Agreement and take all
actions required of RCC pursuant to the Agreement; (y) RCC operates its business and will perform under this Agreement in
compliance with all applicable laws, agreements and policies by which RCC is bound, including applicable emissions regulation;
and (z) RCC employs and maintains security policies and standards in accordance with industry standards for similarly-situated
organizations.   

7.    Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability.   RCC warrants
that the Site and services provided under this Agreement will be provided in a professional manner and to the reasonable satisfaction
of CATERPILLAR. Except as expressly provided in the immediately preceding sentence or as otherwise expressly set forth in this
agreement or an equipment listing form,    THE SITE AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH COMPANY ARE PROVIDED ON AN  AS
IS  AND  AS AVAILABLE  BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY OR SELLER BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, COVER, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING LOSS OF REVENUE, PROFITS, OR BUSINESS,
ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION, OR THE COSTS OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, EVEN IF COMPANY OR AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
THEREOF HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.   

8.    Indemnification.  Each of RCC and Caterpillar agrees to indemnify (  indemnifying
party  ) and hold harmless the other party, its affiliated companies and their respective officers, directors, employees,
agents, successors and assigns (  indemnified parties  ) from and against any claim or demand (including reasonable
attorneys' and experts' fees and costs) made by any third party due to or arising out of a party s breach of this Agreement
or violation of any law. The indemnified party shall promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of any threatened or actual
claim or demand and reasonably cooperate with indemnifying party to facilitate the settlement or defense thereof. Indemnifying
party shall have sole control of the defense or settlement of any claim or demand, provided that indemnified party, at its option
and expense, may participate and appear on an equal footing with indemnifying party. Indemnifying party shall not settle any claim
or demand without the written consent of the indemnified parties, with such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.   

9.    Additional Liens .   RCC shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to rescind the
sale of equipment to a Buyer in whole or in part in the event there are liens, encumbrances or adverse claim on or to any equipment
in addition to those that are listed in the Agreement.   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  17  of 21     

SCHEDULE B TO  Strategic
Alliance  AND REMARKETING AGREEMENT  

SAMPLE EQUIPMENT LISTING REQUEST FORM  

SELLER:     
       DATE OF SUBMISSION:      
 
       DESIGNATED SELLER REPRESENTATIVE:   
       DATE OF MASTER OPERATING AND REMARKETING AGREEMENT      
 
       Company     SALES CONTRACT NO.:     

Pursuant to the terms of the Strategic Alliance and Remarketing
Agreement referenced above, Seller hereby authorizes __________ to place the following Equipment for sale: 

BY AND ON BEHALF OF SELLER:   

(Signature of Designated Seller Representative)  

LEGEND:    
 
       Sale
    Type:   
        FE  = Featured Event
         CAS = CAT Auction   
           DM  = Daily Marketplace
        RB = RB Auction   
       Inspection
    Reqs:   
       FI
     = Full Inspection   
       B
     = Photos and Basic Functionality  
       PO
     = Photos Only (non-powered units)   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  18  of 21     

PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS:  RCC shall remit
payment to Seller according to the instructions provided below. If no selection is made, payment shall be by check. 

Select
     Payment Method :  
      _____ Company Check  
      ____ Wire Transfer   

If Wire Transfer, instructions:    
      Beneficiary Name:  

Beneficiary Acct. No.:   

Bank Name:   

Bank Location:  

Bank (ABA) Routing No.:   

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  19  of 21     

SCHEDULE C TO STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AND REMARKETING AGREEMENT  

COMMISSION RATES  

Auction Sites ( e.g. IP, E1 etc. ):   

GTV 2       
     Commission Rate       
     Fees  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
     Standard Listing Fee  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
     Standard Listing Fee  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
     Standard Listing Fee  

Live Auction ( e.g. CAS 1 , RBA, etc. ):   

US and Canada   

GAP 2       
     Commission Rate       
     Annual Threshold Rebate       
     Effective Rate     
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  

Rest of the World   

GAP 2       
     Commission Rate       
     Annual Threshold Rebate       
     Effective Rate     
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  
 
     [ *** ]    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %    
        [ *** ]  %  

1    Onsite
Dealer CAS or RBA/CAS Cobranded Events  

  2  Aggregate GTV and GAP threshold levels in USD only
applicable to straight commission business volume at a dealer level 

[ *** ] Confidential Information has been omitted and filed
separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to this
omitted information.  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  20  of 21     

SCHEDULE D TO STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AND REMARKETING AGREEMENT  

FORM OF CONSENT  

I agree and acknowledge that to the extent this equipment is equipped
with a telematics system (e.g., Product Link), that data concerning this equipment, its condition, and its operation is being collected
and transmitted to Caterpillar Inc., its affiliates (collectively,  Caterpillar ), and/or its dealers. 

Caterpillar Inc. recognizes and respects customer privacy. The Caterpillar
Telematics Data Privacy Statement (the  Privacy Statement ) describes the categories of information collected, the
purposes of the processing of the information, how the information is shared, how to ask questions about telematics and how to
revoke your consent. The Privacy Statement is available online at www.cat.com and attached to this consent form. 

I consent, agree to allow, and grant a worldwide, perpetual, fully
paid up, non-exclusive, nonrevocable, license to, Caterpillar and/or its dealers to use, access and transfer this information in
accordance with this consent form and the Privacy Statement, including for this information to be transferred to jurisdictions
that may not offer the same level of data protection as the jurisdiction in which I am located. Furthermore, I acknowledge and
agree that to the extent consent of the operator is required that I will have and will obtain their consent prior to allowing them
to use the equipment. 

Further, I consent that Caterpillar and/or
its dealers to transfer to Richie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated and its affiliates (the  RB Entities ) for its and
their internal use, but not for resale, information regarding the hours of usage of this equipment  at the later of the activation
of the telematics system or the date the equipment is sold through RB Entities and the location of the equipment 120 days after
the date the equipment is sold through RB Entities. 

In the event that I transfer ownership of the equipment, I agree
to notify the next owner about the telematics system, the information being transmitted and the Purposes and this language including
the link to the privacy statement. In addition, I will notify my dealer that I have transferred ownership of the equipment. 

I have been provided a copy of the Caterpillar Telematics Data Privacy Statement.   

I have read and I understand the Caterpillar Telematics Data Privacy Statement.   

I freely consent to the data collection and transfers described in this consent form, including the Caterpillar Telematics Data Privacy Statement.   

The undersigned company hereby gives its voluntary consent and agreement: 

Company Name:  

Represented by (printed):  

Signature:  

Date:  

Strategic Alliance and Remarketing Agreement   CONFIDENTIAL     Page  21  of 21     

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v452443_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

Execution Version  

  GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA  

   200 West Street 

 New York, New York 10282 

CONFIDENTIAL  

August 29, 2016 

Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated 

 9500 Glenlyon Parkway 

 Burnaby, British Columbia 

 Canada V5J 0C6 

$150.0
Million Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility   

   $850.0 Million Senior Unsecured Bridge Loan Facility   

   Commitment Letter   

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

You have advised Goldman Sachs Bank USA
(acting through such of its affiliates or branches as it deems appropriate,    Goldman Sachs    or, as the
case may be, the    Initial Lender   , the    Commitment Party   ,    we   
or    us   ) that Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated, a public company incorporated in Canada (the    Borrower   
or    you   ), through one of its direct or indirect subsidiaries Topaz Mergersub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(   MergerSub   ), intends to acquire (the    Acquisition   ) all of the capital stock
of IronPlanet Holdings, Inc. (the    Target   ). You have further advised us that, in connection with the
foregoing, you intend to consummate the Transactions (such term and each other capitalized term used but not defined herein having
the meaning assigned to such term in the Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions attached hereto as   Exhibit A  
(the    RCF Term Sheet   ) and in the Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions attached hereto as   Exhibit
B   (together with the RCF Term Sheet, the    Term Sheets   )). 

You have further advised us that, in connection
therewith, the Borrower (a) may enter into the Revolving Facility (as defined in   Exhibit A  ) in an initial aggregate
principal amount of up to $150.0 million (as such amount may be reduced as set forth in Exhibit A) and (b)(i) will issue senior
unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to $850.0 million (the    Senior Unsecured Notes   )
pursuant to a Rule 144A/Regulation S private placement or (ii) if all or any portion of the Senior Unsecured Notes are not issued
on or prior to the Closing Date (as defined below), will incur the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility (as defined in   Exhibit
B  ) in an aggregate principal amount of up to $850.0 million  less  the sum of (x) the gross cash proceeds received
from Senior Unsecured Notes or Takeout Indebtedness (as defined in the Fee Letters referred to below) issued on or prior to the
Closing Date and (y) the net cash proceeds from outstanding borrowings by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing
Date under commercial bank or other credit facilities (excluding any working capital financings of any foreign subsidiaries and
after giving effect to the Refinancing and any other repayments of indebtedness occurring on the Closing Date) in excess of $30.0
million (such borrowings, the    Replacement Loans   ). The Revolving Facility, together with the Senior
Unsecured Bridge Facility, are defined as the    Facilities   . 

1.            Commitments.  

In connection with
the foregoing, Goldman Sachs is pleased to advise you of its commitment to provide 100% of the principal amount of each of the
Facilities, upon the terms set forth in this commitment letter (including the Term Sheets and other attachments hereto, this   Commitment
Letter  ) and subject solely to the applicable conditions set forth in Section 6 hereof. 

2.            Titles
and Roles.  

It is agreed that Goldman Sachs will act
as (a) a bookrunner and lead arranger (in such capacities, as applicable, the    Lead Arranger    or the
   Bookrunner   ) for the Facilities, (b) the sole administrative agent for both the Senior Unsecured Bridge
Facility (in such capacity, the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Agent   ) and for the Revolving Facility (in such
capacity, the    RCF Agent    together with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Agent, the    Administrative
Agents   , and each an    Administrative Agent   ) and (c) the sole collateral agent for the
Revolving Facility (in such capacity, the    Collateral Agent    together with the Administrative Agents,
the    Agents    and each an    Agent   ); in each case upon the terms set forth in
this Commitment Letter and subject solely to the applicable conditions set forth in Section 6 hereof. We, in such capacities, will
perform the duties and exercise the authority customarily performed and exercised by us in such roles. Except as set forth below,
you agree that no other titles will be awarded and no compensation (other than that expressly contemplated by this Commitment Letter
and the Fee Letters referred to below) will be paid to any Lender (as defined below) in order to obtain its commitment to participate
in the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility or the Revolving Facility unless you and we shall so agree. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may,
within 10 business days after the date hereof, appoint (a) up to 2 other financial institutions as additional lead arrangers, bookrunners
or arrangers for the Facilities and (b) other financial institutions as additional agents, co-agents or co-managers to provide
commitments hereunder in respect of up to 30% of the aggregate commitments under the Facilities or confer other titles in respect
of the Facilities (any such agent, co-agent, lead arranger, bookrunner, manager, arranger or other titled institution, an    Additional
Agent   ) in a manner and with economics determined by you in consultation with the Lead Arranger (it being understood
that (i) the economics (expressed as a percentage of the relevant person s commitments) granted to any Additional Agent shall
not exceed the economics (expressed as a percentage of the relevant person s commitments) granted to the Commitment Party,
(ii) each such Additional Agent (or its affiliate) shall assume a proportion of the commitments with respect to each Facility that
is equal to the proportion of the economics allocated to such Additional Agent (or its affiliates), (iii) the economics allocated
to, and the commitment amount of, the Commitment Party in respect of the Facilities will be reduced pro rata by the amount of the
economics allocated to, and the commitment amount of, such Additional Agent (or its affiliate), in each case, upon the execution
and delivery during such 10 business day period referenced above by such Additional Agent of customary joinder documentation reasonably
acceptable to you and us, and (iv) (x) Goldman Sachs shall have not less than 70% of the total economics for the Revolving Facility
on the Closing Date and (y) not less than 70% of the total economics for the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility on the Closing Date,
and thereafter, each such Additional Agent shall constitute a  Commitment Party , an  Initial Lender, 
and/or a  Lead Arranger , as applicable, under this Commitment Letter and under the Fee Letters. In addition, you agree
that Goldman Sachs will have  left side  designation and shall appear on the top left of any Information Materials
(as defined below) and all other offering or marketing materials in respect of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility and the Revolving
Facility. 

3.            Syndication.  

The Lead Arranger reserves the right, prior
to and/or after the execution of definitive documentation for the Facilities (the    Facilities Documentation   )
to syndicate all or a portion of the Initial Lender s commitments with respect to the Facilities to a group of banks, financial
institutions and other institutional lenders (together with the Initial Lenders, the    Lenders   )
identified by us in consultation with you and reasonably acceptable to you with respect to both the identity of such Lender and
the amount of such Lender s commitments (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);  provided  that (a)
we will not syndicate our commitments to (i) certain banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders that have been
specified to us by you in writing by name prior to the date hereof, (ii) those persons who are competitors of the Borrower
and its subsidiaries or of the Target and its subsidiaries that are separately identified in writing by you to us by name (or,
after the Closing Date, to the applicable Administrative Agent) from time to time, and (iii) in the case of each of clauses (i)
and (ii), any of their affiliates (other than any bona fide debt funds) that are either (x) identified in writing by you from
time to time or (y) clearly identifiable on the basis of such affiliates  names (the persons referred to in clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii) above, collectively,    Disqualified Lenders   ), and (b) notwithstanding the right of the
Initial Lender to syndicate the Facilities and receive commitments with respect thereto, except as expressly provided in Section
2 hereof in respect of any Additional Agents and in Section 9 hereof in respect of assignments among Goldman Sachs and Goldman
Sachs Lending Partners LLC, (i) the Initial Lender shall not be relieved, released or novated from its obligations hereunder
(including the obligation to fund the applicable Facility if all applicable conditions thereto have been satisfied on the date
of the consummation of the Acquisition with the proceeds of the initial funding under the Facilities (the date of such funding,
the    Closing Date   )) in connection with any syndication, assignment or participation of the Facilities,
including our commitments in respect thereof, until after the Closing Date has occurred, (ii) no assignment or novation by
the Initial Lender shall become effective as between you and the Initial Lender with respect to all or any portion of the Initial
Lender s commitments in respect of the Facilities until the initial funding of the Facilities has occurred and (iii) unless
you otherwise agree in writing, the Initial Lender shall retain exclusive control over all rights and obligations with respect
to its respective commitments in respect of each of the Facilities, including all rights with respect to satisfaction with closing
conditions, consents, modifications, supplements, waivers and amendments, until the Closing Date has occurred. 

Without limiting
your obligations to assist with syndication efforts as set forth herein, it is understood that the Initial Lender s commitments
hereunder are not conditioned upon the syndication of, or receipt of commitments in respect of, the Facilities and in no event
shall successful completion of syndication of the Facilities constitute a condition to the availability of the Facilities on the
Closing Date. We intend to commence syndication efforts promptly upon the execution of this Commitment Letter, and you agree to
actively assist us in completing a syndication reasonably satisfactory to you and us until the earlier of (x) 45 days after the
Closing Date and (y) the date on which the Commitment Party and its affiliates hold no more than $0 of the Senior Unsecured Bridge
Facility and the Commitment Party determines that the Revolving Facility has been successfully syndicated (such earlier date, the
   Syndication Date   ). Such assistance shall include (a) your using commercially reasonable efforts to
ensure that any syndication efforts benefit from your existing lending and investment banking relationships, (b) direct contact
between appropriate members of senior management, representatives and advisors of you (and using your commercially reasonable efforts
to arrange direct contact between appropriate members of senior management, representatives and advisors of the Target) and the
proposed Lenders, in all such cases at times and locations mutually agreed upon, (c) assistance by you (and using your commercially
reasonable efforts to arrange direct contact between appropriate members of senior management, representatives and advisors of
the Target) in the preparation of a customary confidential information memorandum and a customary lender presentation for each
of the Facilities and other customary marketing materials and presentations reasonably requested by us in connection with the syndication
(the    Information Materials   ), (d) your providing or causing to be provided customary financial
information and projections (the    Projections   ) for you and your subsidiaries and the Target and
its subsidiaries and the transactions contemplated hereby, (e) your preparing and providing (and using commercially reasonable
efforts to cause the Target to provide) to the Commitment Party all other customary and reasonably available information reasonably
requested and deemed necessary by the Lead Arranger to complete such syndication with respect to you and the Target and each of
your and its respective subsidiaries and the Transactions, (f) using your commercially reasonable efforts to procure at your
expense, prior to the launch of syndication, a public corporate credit rating from Standard   Poor s Ratings Service
(   S P   ) and a public corporate family rating from Moody s Investors Service, Inc. (   Moody s   ),
in each case with respect to the Borrower after giving effect to the Transactions, and public ratings for the Senior Unsecured
Notes from each of S P and Moody s (it being understood that, in each case, no specific ratings need to be obtained),
(g) the hosting, with the Lead Arranger, of a reasonable number of general meetings of prospective Lenders at mutually agreed
times and venues (and any additional meetings which may be held by one or more conference calls with prospective Lenders to the
extent necessary) and (h) (i) until the Syndication Date, ensuring that you and your subsidiaries will not have (and using
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Target and its subsidiaries will not have) any issues of debt securities or
commercial bank or other credit facilities (other than (1) the Senior Unsecured Notes or any Takeout Securities issued in lieu
of the Senior Unsecured Notes, (2) (a) the Facilities or (b) up to $1.0 billion in aggregate commitments under other revolving
credit or term loan A facilities (with greater than nominal scheduled amortization payments) to be entered into in lieu of the
entire Revolving Facility (which may also provide a portion of the financing for the Acquisition and the other Transactions);  provided 
that the aggregate amount of borrowings under any such facilities under this clause (b) on the Closing Date shall not exceed $350
million (the facilities entered into under this paragraph (2)(b), the    Alternate Facilities   ), (3) any
other indebtedness of the Target or any of its subsidiaries permitted to be incurred pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and (4)
indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business, including any extensions of credit under the Existing Debt (as defined
in   Exhibit A  )   and any other existing revolving credit facilities of the Borrower,
the Target or any of their respective subsidiaries, being announced, offered, placed or arranged without the consent of the Commitment
Party (not to be unreasonably withheld), if such issuance, offering, placement or arrangement could reasonably be expected to impair
the primary syndication of the Facilities (it being understood that deferred purchase price obligations and ordinary course capital
lease, purchase money and equipment financings shall be permitted). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this
Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters or any other letter agreement or undertaking concerning the financing of the Transactions
to the contrary, none of the receipt of ratings referred to in clause (f) above nor the commencement, conduct or completion of
such syndication shall constitute a condition to the commitments hereunder or the availability or funding of the Facilities on
the Closing Date.   For the avoidance of doubt, you will not be required
to provide any information to the extent that the provision thereof would violate any law, rule or regulation, or any obligation
of confidentiality binding upon (so long as such obligations are not entered into in contemplation of this Commitment Letter),
or waive any privilege that may be asserted by, you, the Target or any of your or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates (in
which case you agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to have any such confidentiality obligation waived, and otherwise in
all instances, to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation, promptly notify us that information
is being withheld pursuant to this sentence).  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the only financial statements
that shall be required to be provided to the Commitment Party in connection with the syndication of the Facilities shall be those
required to be delivered pursuant to paragraphs 5 and 6 of   Exhibit C  .  

You agree, at the request of the Commitment
Party, to assist in the preparation of a version of the Information Materials to be used in connection with the syndication of
the Facilities, consisting exclusively of information and documentation that is (i) of a type that would be publicly available
if the Borrower (after giving effect to the Acquisition) and the Target were public reporting companies (as reasonably determined
by you), (ii) publicly available or (iii) not material with respect to the Borrower, the Target or its respective subsidiaries
or any of their respective securities for purposes of foreign, United States Federal and state securities laws (all such Information
Materials being    Public Lender Information   , and Lenders that do not wish to receive information other
than Public Lender Information, each, a    Public Lender   )). Any information and documentation that is
not Public Lender Information is referred to herein as    Private Lender Information    and any Lender that
is not a Public Lender is each referred to herein as a    Private Lender   . The information (to the extent
customarily included in a confidential information memorandum for a credit facility substantially similar to the Revolving Facility)
to be included in the additional version of the Information Materials for Public Lenders will be substantially consistent with
the information included in any offering memorandum for the offering for the Senior Unsecured Notes. Before distribution of any
Information Materials to prospective Lenders (other than the Initial Lender), you agree to execute and deliver to the Commitment
Party, (i) to the extent reasonably requested by the Commitment Party, a customary letter in which you authorize distribution
of the Information Materials to Lenders willing to receive Private Lender Information and (ii) a separate customary letter
in which you authorize distribution of Information Materials containing solely Public Lender Information and represent that such
Information Materials do not contain any Private Lender Information, which letter shall in each case include a customary  10b-5 
representation substantially identical to the representations in Section 4 below (which representations shall not be qualified
by knowledge). Each version of the Information Materials shall (i) exculpate you, the Target and your and its respective affiliates
with respect to any liability related to the misuse of such Information Materials or any related marketing materials by the recipients
thereof and (ii) exculpate us and our respective affiliates with respect to any liability related to the use or misuse of such
Information Materials or any related marketing materials by the recipients thereof. 

You further agree, (a) at the request
of the Commitment Party, to use your commercially reasonable efforts to identify Public Lender Information by clearly and conspicuously
designating the same as  PUBLIC  and (b) the Commitment Party shall be entitled to treat any Information Materials
that are not specifically identified as  PUBLIC  as being Private Lender Information. You acknowledge that the following
documents contain solely Public Lender Information (unless you notify us prior to their intended distribution that any such document
contains Private Lender Information) (provided, that such documents have been provided to you and your counsel for review a reasonable
period of time prior thereto): (i) drafts and final copies of the Facilities Documentation, including term sheets; (ii) administrative
materials prepared by the Commitment Party for prospective Lenders (such as a lender meeting invitation, bank allocation, if any,
and funding and closing memoranda); and (iii) notification of changes in the terms of the Facilities. If you advise us in writing
(including by e-mail) that any of the foregoing items should be distributed only to Private Lenders, then the Lead Arranger will
not distribute such materials to Public Lenders without your consent. We shall be entitled to treat any Information Materials that
are not specifically identified as  PUBLIC  as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated
 Public Lenders  to which Public Lenders do not have access. 

The Lead Arranger will manage all aspects
of any syndication in consultation with you, including decisions as to the selection of institutions to be approached (excluding
Disqualified Lenders) and when they will be approached, when their commitments will be accepted, which institutions will participate
(excluding Disqualified Lenders), the allocation of the commitments among the Lenders, any naming rights and the amount and distribution
of fees among the Lenders. 

4.            Information.  

You hereby represent and warrant that (in
the case of information regarding the Target and its subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date, to your knowledge), (a) all written
information (other than the Projections and other than information of a general economic, forward-looking or industry-specific
nature) (the    Information   ) that has been or will be made available to the Initial Lender by or
on behalf of you, the Target or any of your or its respective representatives, when taken as a whole, is or will be, when furnished,
complete and correct in all material respects and does not or will not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in
light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto) and
(b) the Projections that have been or will be prepared by or on behalf of you and made available to the Initial Lender by
or on behalf of you or any of your representatives have been or will be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions that are
believed by you to be reasonable at the time made and at the time the related Projections are made available to the Initial Lender
(it being understood that the Projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond
your control, and that no assurance can be given that any particular Projections will be realized and variances from the Projections
may be material). In arranging and syndicating the Facilities, we will be entitled to use and rely on the Information and the Projections
without responsibility for independent verification thereof. 

5.            Fees.  

As consideration for the Initial Lender s
commitments hereunder, and our agreements to perform the services described herein, you agree to pay to the Agents, the Lead Arranger
and the Initial Lender the fees set forth in this Commitment Letter (including the Term Sheets), in that certain Joint Fee Letter
dated the date hereof and delivered herewith with respect to the Facilities (the    Joint Fee Letter   ),
and in that certain Agency Fee Letter dated the date hereof and delivered herewith with respect to the Facilities (the    Agency
Fee Letter   , and together with the Joint Fee Letter, the    Fee Letters   ). 

6.            Conditions
Precedent.  

The Initial Lender s commitments
hereunder to fund the Facilities on the Closing Date, and the Commitment Party s and each Agent s agreement to perform
the services described herein, are subject solely to the applicable conditions set forth in   Exhibit C   hereto,
and upon satisfaction (or waiver by the Commitment Party) of such conditions, the initial funding of the Facilities shall occur
(except to the extent the amount of the gross proceeds of Senior Unsecured Notes or Takeout Securities or Replacement Loans, to
the extent Senior Unsecured Notes or Takeout Securities are issued or any Replacement Loans are incurred in lieu of the Senior
Unsecured Bridge Facility or a portion thereof); it being understood that there are no conditions (implied or otherwise) to the
commitments hereunder, including compliance with the terms of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters and the Facilities Documentation,
other than those that are expressly stated in   Exhibit C   hereto. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Commitment
Letter (including each of the exhibits hereto), the Fee Letters or the Facilities Documentation or any other agreement or undertaking
related to the Facilities to the contrary, (a) the only representations and warranties, the accuracy of which shall be a condition
to the availability of the Facilities on the Closing Date, shall be (i) such of the representations and warranties made by
the Target in the Purchase Agreement as are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent that you have (or
an affiliate of yours has) the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate your (or its) obligations
under the Purchase Agreement as a result of the failure of such representations and warranties to be accurate or the right to decline
to consummate the Acquisition (in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof) due to the failure of such representations and
warranties to be accurate (the    Purchase Agreement Representations   ) and (ii) the Specified
Representations (as defined below) and (b) the terms of the Facilities Documentation shall be in a form such that they do
not impair the availability of the Facilities on the Closing Date if the applicable conditions set forth in   Exhibit C   to
this Commitment Letter are satisfied or waived by the Initial Lender (it being understood that (A) other than with respect
to any UCC Filing Collateral or Stock Certificates (each as defined below), to the extent any Collateral (as defined in   Exhibit A  )
is not or cannot be delivered, or a security interest in any Collateral cannot be perfected, on the Closing Date after your use
of commercially reasonable efforts to do so, the delivery of, or perfection of a security interest in, such Collateral shall not
constitute a condition precedent to the availability of the Revolving Facility on the Closing Date, but such Collateral shall instead
be required to be delivered, or a security interest in such Collateral perfected, within 90 days after the Closing Date (or
such later date as mutually agreed by you and the Commitment Party) (subject to extensions reasonably agreed to by the RCF Agent)
(other than, in the case of the Target and its applicable subsidiaries, with respect to any such certificate that has not been
made available to you at least two (2) business days prior to the Closing Date, to the extent you have used commercially reasonable
efforts to procure delivery thereof, in which case, such stock or equivalent certificate may instead be delivered within two (2)
business days after the Closing Date), (B) with respect to perfection of security interests in UCC Filing Collateral, your
sole obligation shall be to deliver, or cause to be delivered, necessary Uniform Commercial Code (   UCC   )
or Personal Property Security Act of the applicable provinces of Canada (   PPSA   ) financing statements
to the RCF Agent in proper form for filing in the relevant US state or commonwealth UCC filing office(s) or other similar Canadian
filing office and to authorize and to cause the applicable grantor to authorize the RCF Agent to file such UCC or PPSA financing
statements and (C) with respect to perfection of security interests in Stock Certificates, your sole obligation shall be to
deliver to the RCF Agent or its legal counsel Stock Certificates together with undated stock powers executed in blank). For purposes
hereof, (1)    UCC Filing Collateral    means Collateral consisting of assets of the Borrower, the Target
and its respective applicable subsidiaries for which a security interest can be perfected by filing a UCC or PPSA financing statement,
(2)    Stock Certificates    means Collateral consisting of stock certificates representing capital
stock or other equity interests of the Target and its material, wholly-owned subsidiaries and the other material, wholly-owned
Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower organized under the laws of any state, province or other political subdivision of the United
States of America or Canada that is required as Collateral pursuant to the RCF Term Sheet and delivery of which is sufficient to
perfect a security interest therein and, in the case of Stock Certificates of the Target and its subsidiaries, which have been
delivered to you under the Purchase Agreement, and (3)    Specified Representations    means the representations
and warranties of the Target and the Borrower to be set forth in the applicable Facilities Documentation relating to corporate
or other organizational existence, organizational power and authority, due authorization, execution and delivery, in each case
only as they relate to the entering into and performance of the applicable Facilities Documentation; the enforceability of the
applicable Facilities Documentation; Federal Reserve margin regulations; use of proceeds not in violation of the PATRIOT Act (as
defined below), the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (   OFAC   ) regulations and the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the    FCPA   ); use of proceeds not in violation of the United Nations
Act (Canada) (   UNA   ), the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) (   CFPOA   ),
Part II.1 of the Criminal Code (Canada) (   Criminal Code   ) and the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada)
(   SEMA   ) and other applicable anti-terrorism, anti-money laundering and anti-corruption laws; the Investment
Company Act; no conflicts between the applicable Facilities Documentation and the organizational documents of the Target, the Borrower
and each of their respective applicable subsidiaries (in each case, only as they relate to the entering into and performance of
the applicable Facilities Documentation); solvency of Borrower and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the Closing Date
(defined in a manner consistent with the form of solvency certificate attached hereto as   Exhibit D  ); and, solely
in the case of the Revolving Facility and subject to permitted liens and the limitations set forth in the prior sentence, creation,
validity and perfection of security interests. This paragraph, and the provisions herein, shall be referred to as the    Certain
Funds Provision   . Without limiting the conditions precedent provided herein to funding the consummation of the Acquisition
with the proceeds of the Facilities, the Commitment Party will cooperate with you as reasonably requested in coordinating the timing
and procedures for the funding of the Facilities in a manner consistent with the Purchase Agreement. 

7.            Indemnification;
Expenses.  

You agree: 

(a)          to
indemnify and hold harmless the Commitment Party and its affiliates and its and its affiliates  respective officers, directors,
employees, agents, advisors, representatives, controlling persons and members, partners and successors and permitted assigns (other
than any Excluded Affiliate) (each a    Representative   ) of each of the foregoing (each, an    Indemnified
Person   ), from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses, joint or several, to which
any such Indemnified Person may become subject arising out of or in connection with this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters, the
Purchase Agreement, the Transactions, the Facilities or any other transactions related to the foregoing or any claim, litigation,
investigation or proceeding (each, an    Action   ) relating to any of the foregoing, regardless of
whether any such Indemnified Person is a party to such Action (and regardless of whether such Action is initiated by a third party,
the Borrower, the Target or any of its respective affiliates or equity holders), and to reimburse each such Indemnified Person,
promptly upon receipt of a written request therefor together with customary backup documentation in reasonable detail, for any
reasonable legal or other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending any such Action (limited
to one counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnified
Persons taken as a whole in each relevant material jurisdiction (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple material
jurisdictions) and, solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest between Indemnified Persons where the Indemnified
Persons affected by such conflict inform you of such conflict, one additional counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction to
each group of affected Indemnified Persons similarly situated, taken as a whole);  provided  that the foregoing indemnity
will not, as to any Indemnified Person, apply to losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses to the extent they are
found in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from (i) the willful misconduct,
bad faith or gross negligence of such Indemnified Person or any Representative of such Indemnified Person, (ii) a material breach
of the obligations of such Indemnified Person or any such Indemnified Person s affiliates under this Commitment Letter, the
Fee Letters or the Facilities Documentation or (iii) any Action that is brought by an Indemnified Person against any other
Indemnified Person (other than any Action against an arranger, bookrunner or agent under the Facilities acting in its capacity
as such or any claims arising out of an act or omission on the part of you or any of your respective affiliates) ( provided ,
that each Indemnified Person agrees (by accepting the benefits hereof) to refund and return any and all amounts paid by you to
such Indemnified Person to the extent such Indemnified Person is not entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with any
of the foregoing items described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) occurs). 

(b)          whether
or not the Transactions are consummated or the Closing Date occurs, to reimburse the Commitment Party after receipt of a written
request together with customary backup documentation in reasonable detail, for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including,
but not limited to, (i) expenses of the Commitment Party s due diligence investigation, (ii) syndication expenses, (iii)
travel expenses and (iv) fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to the Commitment Party identified in the Term Sheets,
and, if necessary, of a single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting
in multiple jurisdictions)) for all Indemnified Persons, taken as a whole, incurred solely in connection with the Facilities and
the preparation and negotiation of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters, the Facilities Documentation and any related definitive
documentation (collectively, the    Expenses   );  provided  that, without limiting clause (a) above,
if the Closing Date does not occur, you shall not be obligated to reimburse the Commitment Party in respect of legal fees and expenses
pursuant to this clause (b) in excess of $500,000. 

You shall not be liable for any settlement
of any Action effected without your prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), but, if settled
with your prior written consent or if there is a final judgment in any such Action, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless each
Indemnified Person from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses by reason of such settlement
or final judgment in accordance with this Section 7. You shall not, without the prior written consent of an Indemnified Person
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed in the case of any third-party Action), effect any settlement of any
Action in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person unless such settlement (x) includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Actions and
(y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of such
Indemnified Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Indemnified Person shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts
paid by you under this Section 7 to such Indemnified Person for any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses to the extent
such Indemnified Person is not entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with the terms hereof. 

You agree that, notwithstanding any other
provision of this Commitment Letter, none of we or you or any Indemnified Person, the Target, or any of its respective subsidiaries,
shall have any liability for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (including, without limitation any loss of
profits, business or anticipated savings) in connection with this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters, the Transactions (including
the Facilities and the use of proceeds thereunder), or with respect to any activities related to the Facilities, including the
preparation of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters and the Facilities Documentation;  provided  that nothing contained
in this paragraph shall limit your indemnity and reimbursement obligations to the extent such indirect, special, punitive or consequential
damages are included in any third-party claim with respect to which the applicable Indemnified Person is entitled to indemnification
under the first paragraph of this Section 7. 

You acknowledge that we may receive a future
benefit on matters unrelated to this matter, including, without limitation, discount, credit or other accommodation, from any of
such counsel based on the fees such counsel may receive on account of their relationship with us, including without limitation
fees paid pursuant hereto (it being understood and agreed that, in no event, shall the Expenses include items in respect of any
unrelated matter or otherwise be increased as a result of such counsel s representation of us on another matter or on account
of our relationship with such counsel). 

8.            Sharing
Information; Absence of Fiduciary Relationship; Affiliate Activities.  

Consistent with the Commitment Party s
policies to hold in confidence the affairs of their customers, the Commitment Party will not furnish confidential information obtained
from you by virtue of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter or their other relationships with you to other companies.
You acknowledge that we do not have any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter,
or to furnish to you, confidential information obtained by us or any of our respective affiliates from other companies. The Commitment
Party may have economic interests that conflict with yours or those of your equity holders or affiliates. You further acknowledge
and agree that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between you and the Commitment Party or their respective
affiliates is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter (or
the Fee Letters, including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder or thereunder), irrespective of whether the Commitment
Party or its respective affiliates have advised or are advising you on other matters, (b) the transactions contemplated by this
Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length
commercial transactions between the Commitment Party and its respective affiliates, on the one hand, and you, on the other hand,
that does not directly or indirectly give rise to, nor do you rely on, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Commitment Party or
its respective affiliates, (c) you are capable of evaluating and understanding, and you understand and accept, the terms,
risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter, (d) you have been advised that the Commitment
Party and its respective affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve interests that differ from your
interests and that the Commitment Party and its respective affiliates have no obligation to disclose such interests and transactions
to you by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship and (e) you waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any claims you may have against the Commitment Party or its respective affiliates for breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach
of fiduciary duty and agree that the Commitment Party and its respective affiliates shall have no liability (whether direct or
indirect) to you in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in
right of you, including your stockholders, employees or creditors, in each case in connection with the Transactions. Additionally,
you acknowledge and agree that the Commitment Party is not advising you as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting or regulatory
matters in any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, with respect to any consents needed in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby). You shall consult with your own advisors concerning such matters to the extent you deem appropriate and shall
be responsible for making your own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby (including,
without limitation, with respect to any consents needed in connection therewith), and the Commitment Party and its respective affiliates
shall have no responsibility or liability to you with respect thereto. Any review by the Commitment Party or its respective affiliates
of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries, the Target, the Transactions, the other transactions contemplated hereby or other matters
relating to such transactions will be performed solely for the benefit of the Commitment Party and its respective affiliates and
shall not be on behalf of you or any of your affiliates. 

You further acknowledge that the Commitment
Party and its respective affiliates are full-service securities firms engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as
well as providing investment banking and other financial services, including to other companies in respect of which you may have
conflicting interests. In the ordinary course of business, the Commitment Party and its respective affiliates may provide investment
banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for their own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity,
debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of you, the Borrower, the Target
and other companies with which you, the Borrower, or the Target may have commercial or other relationships. Although the Commitment
Party in the course of such other activities and relationships may acquire information about the transactions contemplated by this
Commitment Letter or other entities and persons that may be the subject of the financing contemplated by this Commitment Letter,
the Commitment Party shall have no obligation to disclose such information, or the fact that such Commitment Party is in possession
of such information, to you or any of your affiliates or to use such information on your or your affiliates  behalf. With
respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by the Commitment Party and its respective affiliates or any of
their customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised
by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 

As you know, Goldman Sachs has been retained
by the Borrower (or one of its affiliates) as financial advisor (in such capacity, the    Financial Advisor   )
in connection with the Acquisition and the Transactions. You have agreed to such retention, and further agree not to assert any
claim you might allege based on any actual or potential conflicts of interest that might be asserted to arise or result from the
engagement of the Financial Advisor, on the one hand, and our and our affiliates  relationships with you as described and
referred to herein, on the other.   Each other Commitment Party hereto acknowledges (i) the retention of Goldman Sachs as
the Financial Advisor and (ii) that such relationship does not create any fiduciary duties or fiduciary responsibilities to such
Commitment Party on the part of Goldman Sachs or its affiliates. 

9.            Assignments;
Amendments; Governing Law, Etc.  

This Commitment Letter and the commitments
hereunder shall not be assignable by any party hereto (other than, subject to the provisions of Section 2 hereof, by the Initial
Lender to any Additional Agent or its affiliates) without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto (and any attempted
assignment without such consent shall be null and void), is intended to be solely for the benefit of the parties hereto (and Indemnified
Persons), and is not intended to confer any benefits upon, or create any rights in favor of, any person other than the parties
hereto (and Indemnified Persons). Any and all obligations of, and services to be provided by, us hereunder (including, without
limitation, the Initial Lender s commitments) may be performed and any and all of our rights hereunder may be exercised by
or through any of our respective affiliates or branches and, in connection with such performance or exercise, we may exchange with
such affiliates or branches information concerning you and your affiliates that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated
hereby and, to the extent so employed, such affiliates and branches shall be entitled to the benefits afforded to us hereunder;
 provided  that nothing in this Commitment Letter shall relieve us of any of our obligations hereunder except as expressly
provided in Section 2 or 3 above and (y) notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, we may assign our commitment
and agreements hereunder, in whole or in part, to Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC and our commitments and agreements hereunder
may be performed by or through Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC. This Commitment Letter may not be amended or any provision hereof
waived or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by us and you. 

This Commitment Letter may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute
one agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Commitment Letter by facsimile or other electronic
transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. Section headings used herein are for convenience
of reference only, are not part of this Commitment Letter and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration
in interpreting, this Commitment Letter. 

You acknowledge that information and documents
relating to the Facilities may be transmitted through SyndTrak, Intralinks, the Internet, e-mail or similar electronic transmission
systems, and that the Commitment Party shall not be liable for any damages arising from the unauthorized use by others of information
or documents transmitted in such manner except to the extent such damages are found in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of the Commitment Party.
This Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters supersede all prior understandings, whether written or oral, between you and us with
respect to the Facilities. 

Each of the parties hereto agrees that
(i) this Commitment Letter is a binding and enforceable agreement (subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
conveyance, reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors  rights generally and general principles
of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law)) with respect to the subject matter contained herein, including
an agreement to negotiate in good faith the Facilities Documentation by the parties hereto in a manner consistent with this Commitment
Letter, it being acknowledged and agreed that the funding of the Facilities is subject only to the applicable conditions precedent
set forth in   Exhibit C   hereto and (ii) the Fee Letters is a binding and enforceable agreement (subject to the effects
of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors 
rights generally and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law)) of the parties thereto
with respect to the subject matter set forth therein. 

This
Commitment Letter and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters (including,
without limitation, any claims sounding in contract law or tort law arising out of the subject matter hereof) shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York;      provided, however , that (a) the
interpretation of the definition of Material Adverse Change (as defined in   Exhibit C   hereto) (and whether or not
a Material Adverse Change has occurred), (b) the determination of the accuracy of any Purchase Agreement Representations and whether
as a result of any inaccuracy of any Purchase Agreement Representations you have (or an affiliate of yours has) the right (taking
into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate your (or its) obligations under the Purchase Agreement as a result of
the failure of such representations to be accurate or the right to decline to consummate the Acquisition due to the failure of
such representations to be accurate and (c) the determination of whether the Acquisition has been consummated in accordance with
the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall, in each case, be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the
internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the
State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the
State of Delaware. 

10.           Jurisdiction.  

Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally (a) submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or
Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City, and any appellate court from
any thereof, in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined
only in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court, (b) waives, to the fullest extent
it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action
or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters or the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby in any such New York State court or in any such Federal court, (c) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding in any such court and (d) agrees
that a final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. The Borrower shall provide evidence that it has appointed Corporation
Service Company at 80 State Street, Albany, NY, 12207-2543 as its agent for service of process for the purpose of the submission
to jurisdiction as set forth above. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by registered mail addressed to you at
the address above shall be effective service of process against you for any suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court.
 To the extent that the Borrower has or hereafter may acquire any immunity (sovereign or otherwise) from jurisdiction of any
court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution,
execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, the Borrower irrevocably waives (to the extent permitted by applicable
law) such immunity in respect of its obligations hereunder.  

11.           Waiver
of Jury Trial.  

Each of the parties hereto
irrevocably waives the right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding, claim or counterclaim brought by or on behalf of any party
related to or arising out of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters or the performance of services hereunder or thereunder. 

12.           Confidentiality.  

This Commitment
Letter is delivered to you on the understanding that none of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters or any of their terms or substance,
nor the activities of the Commitment Party pursuant hereto, shall be disclosed, directly or indirectly, to any other person except
(a) your affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants or advisors of you or any such affiliate on
a confidential basis, (b)   pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency in any
pending legal or administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement or compulsory
legal process (in which case you agree to inform us promptly thereof to the extent lawfully permitted to do so), (c) if the
Commitment Party consents in writing to such proposed disclosure, (d) the Term Sheets and the existence of this Commitment Letter
(but not this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters) may be disclosed to any rating agency in connection with the Transactions,
or (e) in connection with the enforcement of your rights hereunder;  provided  that you may disclose (i) this Commitment Letter
and the contents hereof to the Target and each of its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants, agents and advisors
involved in the consideration of the Transactions on a confidential basis and to equity investors involved in the consideration
of the Transactions on a confidential basis; (ii) the Fee Letters, to the extent the Fee Letters has been redacted with respect
to the fee amounts and the pricing and other economic terms of the  Market Flex  provisions to the Target and its officers,
directors, employees, attorneys, accountants, agents and advisors involved in the consideration of the Transactions, on a confidential
basis; (iii) the aggregate fee amounts contained in the Fee Letters as part of Projections,  pro forma  information or a generic
disclosure of aggregate sources and uses related to fee amounts related to the Transactions to the Target and its respective officers,
directors, employees, attorneys, accountants and advisors involved in the consideration of the Transactions, on a confidential
basis, or to the extent customary or required in offering and marketing materials for the Facilities or the Senior Unsecured Notes
or Takeout Securities or in any public filing relating to the Transactions; (iv) the Term Sheets and the other exhibits and annexes
to this Commitment Letter in any syndication of the Facilities or other marketing efforts for debt to be used to finance the Transactions;
(v) this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters and the contents hereof and thereof to any Additional Agent in either case to the
extent in contemplation of appointing such person pursuant to Section 2 of this Commitment Letter and to any such person s
affiliates and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, accountants and other advisors, on a
confidential need-to-know basis; and (vi) you may disclose this Commitment Letter (but not the Fee Letters) and its contents in
any proxy statement or other public filing relating to the Acquisition. We agree that we will permit you to review and approve
(such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) any reference to you or any of your respective affiliates in connection
with the Facilities or the transactions contemplated hereby contained in any press release or similar written disclosure prior
to public release. The obligations under this paragraph with respect to this Commitment Letter shall terminate automatically after
the Facilities Documentation has been executed and delivered by the parties thereto to the extent superseded thereby.  To
the extent not earlier terminated, the provisions of this paragraph with respect to this Commitment Letter shall automatically
terminate on the second anniversary of the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agency Fee Letter may not be disclosed
to any Additional Agent without the prior consent of Goldman Sachs.  

We and our affiliates will use all confidential
information provided to us or such affiliates by or on behalf of you hereunder (including any information obtained by us or our
affiliates based on a review of the books and records relating to you or the Target or any of your or its respective subsidiaries
or affiliates) or in connection with the Acquisition and the related Transactions solely for the purpose of providing the services
which are the subject of this Commitment Letter and shall treat confidentially all such information and shall not publish, disclose
or otherwise divulge, such information;  provided  that nothing herein shall prevent us and our affiliates from disclosing
any such information (a) pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal, judicial or administrative
proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law or compulsory legal process based on the advice of counsel (in which case
we agree (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental or bank regulatory
authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, to inform
you promptly thereof prior to disclosure), (b) upon the request or demand of any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory
authority) having jurisdiction over us or any of our affiliates (in which case we agree (except with respect to any audit or examination
conducted by bank accountants or any governmental or bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority),
to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, to inform you promptly thereof prior to disclosure), (c) to the
extent that such information becomes publicly available other than by reason of improper disclosure by us or any of our affiliates
or Representatives in violation of any confidentiality obligations owing to you, the Target or any of your or its respective affiliates
(including those set forth in this paragraph), (d) to the extent that such information is received by us from a third party that
is not, to our knowledge, subject to contractual or fiduciary confidentiality obligations owing to you or any of your or its respective
affiliates or related parties, (e) to the extent that such information is independently developed by us, (f) to our affiliates
and to our and its respective employees, legal counsel, independent auditors, professionals and other experts or agents who need
to know such information in connection with the Transactions and who are informed of the confidential nature of such information
and have been advised of their obligation to keep information of this type confidential, (g) in the case of the Term Sheets,
or marketing term sheets based substantially on the Term Sheets, to ratings agencies in connection with obtaining ratings for the
Borrower and the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility or the Senior Unsecured Notes or to potential or prospective Lenders (other than
any Disqualified Lenders), participants or assignees and to any direct or indirect contractual counterparty to any swap or derivative
transaction relating to the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or their respective obligations, in each case who agree to be bound
by the terms of this paragraph (or language substantially similar to this paragraph); (h) to the extent you have consented to such
disclosure, (i) for purposes of establishing a  due diligence  defense or in connection with any remedy or enforcement
of any right hereunder or under the Fee Letters, or (j) to the extent necessary or customary for inclusion in league table measurement;
 provided ,  further , that the disclosure of any such information to any Lenders or prospective Lenders or participants
or prospective participants referred to above shall be made subject to the acknowledgment and acceptance by such Lender or prospective
Lender or participant or prospective participant that such information is being disseminated on a confidential basis (on substantially
the terms set forth in this paragraph or as is otherwise reasonably acceptable to you and us, including, without limitation, as
agreed in any Information Materials or other marketing materials) in accordance with customary syndication processes and customary
market standards for dissemination of such type of information. In addition, each Commitment Party may disclose the existence of
the Facilities and the information about the Facilities contained in the Term Sheets in customary fashion to market data collectors,
similar services providers to the lending industry, and service providers to any other Commitment Party in connection with the
administration and management of the Facilities. Our and our affiliates  obligations under this paragraph shall terminate
automatically and be superseded by the confidentiality provisions in the Facilities Documentation upon the Closing Date;  provided ,
 further , that if the Closing Date does not occur, this paragraph shall automatically terminate on the second anniversary
hereof. Neither the Commitment Party nor any of its affiliates will use confidential information obtained from you by virtue of
the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter or their other relationships with you in connection with the performance
by it of services for other persons. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, you (and any of your employees, representatives or other agents) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation
of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters
and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it relating to such tax treatment
and tax structure, except that (i) tax treatment and tax structure shall not include the identity of any existing or future
party (or any affiliate of such party) to this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters and (ii) no party shall disclose any information
relating to such tax treatment and tax structure to the extent nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable
securities laws. For this purpose, the tax treatment of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters
is the purported or claimed U.S. Federal income tax treatment of such transactions and the tax structure of such transactions is
any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed U.S. Federal income tax treatment of such transactions. 

13.           Surviving
Provisions.  

The reimbursement, indemnification, confidentiality
(to the extent provided above), syndication, information, jurisdiction, governing law, venue and waiver of jury trial provisions
contained herein, in the Fee Letters and the provisions of Section 8 of this Commitment Letter shall remain in full force and effect
regardless of whether the Facilities Documentation shall be executed and delivered and (other than in the case of the syndication
provisions) notwithstanding the termination of this Commitment Letter or the Initial Lender s commitments hereunder and our
agreements to perform the services described herein;  provided  that your obligations under this Commitment Letter, other
than those relating to confidentiality and to the syndication of the Facilities, shall automatically terminate and be superseded
by the corresponding provisions of the Facilities Documentation (with respect to indemnification, reimbursement and confidentiality,
to the extent covered thereby) upon the initial funding under the Facilities and the payment of all amounts owing at such time
hereunder and under the Fee Letters, and you shall be released from all liability in connection therewith at such time. 

14.           PATRIOT
Act Notification.  

We hereby notify you that, pursuant to
the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) (the    PATRIOT
Act   ), each of us and each Lender is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the borrower
and each guarantor of the Facilities, which information includes the name, address, tax identification number and other information
regarding the borrower and each guarantor of the Facilities that will allow us or such Lender to identify each borrower and each
guarantor of the Facilities in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the
PATRIOT Act and is effective as to each of us and each Lender. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we shall be permitted to share
any or all such information with the Lenders. 

15.           Acceptance
and Termination.  

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our
agreement with you, please indicate your acceptance of the terms of this Commitment Letter and of the Fee Letters (such date of
acceptance, the    Acceptance Date   ) by returning to Goldman Sachs executed counterparts hereof and of
the Fee Letter not later than 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on September 3, 2016. The Initial Lender s commitments hereunder,
and the Commitment Party s agreements to perform the services described herein, will expire automatically and without further
action or notice and without further obligation to you at such time in the event Goldman Sachs has not received such executed counterparts
in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. This Commitment Letter will become a binding commitment on the Commitment
Party only after it has been duly executed and delivered by you in accordance with the first sentence of this Section 15.
In the event that the Closing Date does not occur on or prior to the earliest to occur of (x) the date that is five business
days following the End Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement as of the date hereof), (y) the termination of the Purchase Agreement
in accordance with its terms in the event the Acquisition is not consummated and (z) the consummation of the Acquisition (with
or without the funding of the Facilities), then this Commitment Letter and the commitments of the Initial Lender hereunder, and
the Commitment Party s agreements to perform the services described herein, shall automatically terminate without further
action or notice and without further obligation to you unless the Commitment Party shall, in its discretion, agree to an extension
in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent you obtain commitments under any Alternate Facility, you shall promptly
notify us and the entire commitment under the Revolving Facility will be terminated. You shall have the right to terminate this
Commitment Letter and the commitments of the Lenders hereunder (in whole or in part) at any time upon written notice to them from
you, subject to your surviving obligations as set forth in Section 13 of this Commitment Letter and in the Fee Letters. Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 15 to the contrary, the termination of any commitment pursuant to this Section 15 does not prejudice
your or our rights and remedies in respect of any breach of this Commitment Letter that occurred prior to such termination. 

[ Signature page follows. ] 

We are pleased to have been given the opportunity to assist
you in connection with the financing for the Acquisition. 

Very truly yours,   

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA    

By:  
      /s/ Thomas M. Manning   

Name: Thomas M. Manning   

Title: Authorized Signatory   

[ Commitment Letter ] 

Accepted and agreed to as of 

 the date first above written: 

RITCHIE BROS. AUCTIONEERS    
 
       INCORPORATED    

By:  
      /s/ Sharon Driscoll   
 
      Name: Sharon Driscoll   
 
      Title: Chief Financial Officer   

[  Commitment
Letter  ]  

EXHIBIT A  

$150.0
Million Revolving Credit Facility  Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions  
1     

Borrower:   
      Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated, a public company incorporated in Canada (the    Borrower   ).    

Transactions:   
     
         The Borrower, through one of its direct
        or indirect subsidiaries, intends to acquire (the    Acquisition   ) the Target pursuant to an Agreement
        and Plan of Merger (together with all exhibits, schedules and annexes thereto, the    Purchase Agreement   )
        to be entered into among the Borrower, MergerSub, the Target and Fortis Advisors LLC as representative for the Indemnifying Security-Holders
        referred to therein. 
           
         In connection with the Acquisition: 
           
         (a) on or before the Closing Date, (i)
        the Borrower s existing revolving credit facility governed by that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as
        of May 31, 2013, as amended (the    BofA Credit Agreement   ), among Bank of America, N.A. as the lender,
        the additional revolving borrowers party thereto, and the other lenders and parties thereto, will be repaid in full, and all commitments
        thereunder will be terminated and all security interests (if any) relating thereto shall be released, and (ii) the Borrower s
        existing notes governed by that certain Second Amended and Restated Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2014, as
        amended (the    Shelf Agreement   ), the Borrower, the co-obligors party thereto and the purchasers from
        time to time party thereto, will be repaid in full, and the Shelf Agreement will be terminated (all indebtedness referred to in
        this clause (a), the    Existing Debt   ); 
           
         (b) the Borrower may obtain the senior
        secured revolving credit facility described below under the caption  Revolving Facility  
           
         (c) either (i) the Borrower will issue
        the Senior Unsecured Notes in a Rule 144A / Regulation S offering or other private placement or issue Takeout Securities or incur
        Replacement Loans in an aggregate principal amount of $850.0 million or (ii) if all or any portion of the Senior Unsecured Notes
        or Takeout Securities are not issued or Replacement Loans are not incurred, the Borrower will obtain the senior unsecured bridge
        loan facility (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility   ) described under the caption  Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Facility  in   Exhibit B   to the Commitment Letter to which this Term Sheet is attached; 

1
  All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Commitment Letter to which
this term sheet (the    RCF Term Sheet   ) is attached,   Exhibit B   ,  the annexes to   Exhibit
A   or   Exhibit B   or the other exhibits thereto. In the event any such capitalized term is subject to multiple
and differing definitions, the appropriate meaning thereof for purposes of this   Exhibit A   shall be determined by
reference to the context in which it is used. 

(d)
        the Acquisition will be consummated on the Closing Date and the Target will become a subsidiary of the Borrower;  
             
          (e)
        the existing indebtedness for borrowed money of the Target and its subsidiaries under the Target s existing credit
        facility governed by that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2015, as amended (   Target s
        Existing Debt    and, together with indebtedness referred to in clause (a) above, the    Existing
        Debt   ) will be repaid (and all liens with respect thereto shall have been terminated and released) (such
        transactions, together with the transactions referred to in paragraph (c) above, the    Refinancing   );
        and  

(f)
        fees and expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing (the    Transaction Costs   ) will be
        paid. The Acquisition, the Refinancing, the Facilities, the offering of the Senior Unsecured Notes and the other transactions
        described in this paragraph are collectively referred to herein as the    Transactions   .  

Administrative
    Agent:   
       Goldman
                                         Sachs, acting through one or more of its branches or affiliates, will act as sole administrative
                                         agent (in such capacity, the    RCF Agent   ) for a syndicate
                                         of banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders reasonably acceptable
                                         to the Borrower (together with the Initial Lender holding Revolving Commitments (as defined
                                         below), the    Revolving Lenders   ) and will perform the
                                         duties customarily associated with such role.  

Collateral
    Agent:   
       Goldman
                                         Sachs, acting through one or more of its branches or affiliates, will act as the collateral
                                         agent (in such capacity, the    Collateral Agent   ) for the Revolving
                                         Lenders and will perform the duties customarily associated with such role.  

Lead
    Arranger and Bookrunner:   
       The
                                         Lead Arranger and Bookrunner (each as defined in the Commitment Letter and together with
                                         any Additional Agents as provided in the Commitment Letter) will act as a lead arranger
                                         and bookrunner, respectively, for the Revolving Facility and will perform the duties
                                         customarily associated with such roles.  

Revolving
    Facility:   
      A
    senior secured revolving credit facility (the    Revolving Facility    the commitments to fund the
    loans thereunder, the    Revolving Commitments   ) made available to the Borrower in an aggregate principal
    amount of $150.0 million under which Borrower may borrow loans from time to time (the loans thereunder, together with Swingline
    Loans referred to below, the    Revolving Loans   ), and an amount to be mutually agreed of which will
    be available through a sub-facility of the Revolving Facility (as further increased from time to time as provided under the
    section titled  Commitment Increase  below, the    Letter of Credit Cap   ) in the form
    of Letters of Credit (as defined below) for the account of Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries subject to availability
    as described under the heading  Availability and Amounts  below;  provided  that the Revolving Commitments
    under the Revolving Facility on the Closing Date shall be reduced by any commitments made available under the Revolving Facility
    entered into upon an Escrow Securities Demand (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter) prior to the Closing Date;  provided
    further  that a portion of the Revolving Facility to be mutually agreed may be made available in Canadian Dollars, British
    Pounds Sterling, Euros and Australian Dollars, in each case, subject to sublimits to be mutually agreed (each a    Permitted
    Foreign Currency   ).   

Swingline Loans:   
     
         In connection with the Revolving Facility,
        the RCF Agent (in such capacity, the    Swingline Lender   ) will make available to the Borrower, upon same-day
        notice, a swingline facility under which the Borrower may make short-term borrowings in U.S. dollars only of up to an aggregate
        amount to be mutually agreed upon. Except for purposes of calculating the commitment fee described in  Annex I  hereto, such
        swingline borrowings will reduce availability under the Revolving Facility on a dollar-for-dollar basis. 
           
         Defaulting Lender provisions will be consistent
        with the RCF Credit Documentation (as defined below). 

Commitment Increase:   
       The Borrower shall have the right to solicit existing Revolving Lenders or prospective lenders who are eligible assignees reasonably acceptable to the RCF Agent and the Issuing Banks (as defined below) to provide additional revolving loan commitments under the Revolving Facility (a    Commitment Increase   ) in an aggregate amount not to exceed an amount to be agreed and on such other terms and conditions to be mutually agreed.   

Purpose:   
                
       The proceeds of Revolving Loans will be used by the Borrower from time to time for general corporate purposes after the Closing Date;  provided  that the amount of Revolving Loans permitted to be incurred on the Closing Date shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in the  Availability and Amounts  section below.  

Availability and Amounts:   
     
         From and after the Closing Date, Revolving
        Loans under the Revolving Facility (exclusive of Letter of Credit usage) will be available at any time prior to the final maturity
        of the Revolving Facility, in minimum principal amounts and upon notice to be mutually agreed upon;  provided  that Revolving
        Loans made on the Closing Date will be limited to an amount sufficient to, at the option of the Borrower, (i) pay consideration
        under the Purchase Agreement, (ii) pay Transaction Costs and/or (iii) backstop, replace or cash collateralize letters of credit
        outstanding on the Closing Date;  provided  that the aggregate amount of Revolving Loans drawn under the Revolving Facility
        on the Closing Date shall not exceed $30 million (the    Closing Date Draw Amount   );  provided further 
        that the Commitment Party s commitments to provide Revolving Commitments under the Revolving Facility on the Closing Date
        shall be reduced by any commitments made under the Revolving Facility entered into pursuant to an Escrow Securities Demand prior
        to the Closing Date. 

Subject to customary terms and conditions to be mutually
        agreed, the Borrower and/or a Local Borrowing Subsidiary (to be defined in a manner mutually agreed) may borrow Revolving Loans
        (or, in the sole discretion of the relevant Local Lender (as defined below), bankers  acceptances) in U.S. dollars or a Permitted
        Foreign Currency from affiliates of the RCF Agent (or, if such affiliates of the RCF Agent decline to act as a Local Lender, such
        other financial institutions reasonably acceptable to the RCF Agent) (each, a    Local Lender   ), with each
        Revolving Lender taking a U.S. dollar-denominated irrevocable and unconditional participating interest therein (amounts available
        under this facility, the    Local Loan Subfacility    and the loans thereunder, the    Local Loans   ).   

The Local Loan Subfacility shall include
        terms no less favorable to the Borrower than such corresponding terms under the Existing Revolving Facility and shall address the
        structure and operating requirements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries after giving effect to the Acquisition. 

Interest
    Rates and Fees:   
     
         As set forth on   Annex I  
        hereto. 

Default Rate:   
     
         The applicable interest rate plus 2.0%
        per annum payable on overdue amounts only. 

Final Maturity:   
      The Revolving Facility will mature and the Revolving Commitments thereunder will terminate on the date that is 5 years after the Closing Date;  provided  that the RCF Credit Documentation shall provide the right for individual Revolving Lenders to agree to extend the maturity date of all or a portion of the commitments and outstanding loans under the Revolving Facility upon the request of the Borrower and without the consent of any other Revolving Lender; it being understood that each Revolving Lender shall have the opportunity to participate in such extension on the same terms and conditions as each other Revolving Lender (it being understood that no existing Revolving Lender will have any obligation to commit to any such extension);  provided ,  further , that any such extension, without limitation, may, subject to the Borrower s consent, contain an increase in the interest rate payable with respect to such extended loans and commitments, with such extensions not subject to any  default stoppers , financial tests or  most favored nation  pricing provisions.    

Letters of Credit:   
     
         Letters of credit under the Revolving Facility
        (   Letters of Credit   ) will be issued by the RCF Agent and other Revolving Lenders acceptable to the Borrower
        and the RCF Agent that shall have consented to such role (each, an    Issuing Bank   );  provided  that,
        no Revolving Lender as of the Closing Date shall be required to issue Letters of Credit in excess of its ratable share of the Letters
        of Credit sublimit (determined based on its ratable share of the Revolving Commitments as of the Closing Date);  provided 
         further , that Goldman Sachs (or its affiliates) shall only be required to issue standby Letters of Credit denominated in
        U.S. dollars or a Permitted Foreign Currency and shall not be required to issue any documentary, commercial or trade Letters of
        Credit. Letters of Credit will be denominated in U.S. Dollars or a Permitted Foreign Currency. Each Letter of Credit shall expire
        not later than the earlier of (a) 12 months after its date of issuance and (b) unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the
        applicable Issuing Bank and the RCF Agent have been entered into, the fifth business day prior to the final maturity of the Revolving
        Facility;  provided ,  however , that any Letter of Credit may provide for renewal thereof for additional periods of
        up to 12 months or such longer period as may be agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory
        to it (which in no event shall extend beyond the date referred to in clause (b) above, unless cash collateralized or backstopped
        in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank). 
           
         Drawings under any Letter of Credit shall
        be reimbursed by the Borrower within one business day after notice of such drawing is received by the Borrower from the applicable
        Issuing Bank. To the extent that the Borrower does not reimburse such Issuing Bank on such day, the Revolving Lenders under the
        Revolving Facility shall be irrevocably obligated to reimburse such Issuing Bank  pro rata  based upon their respective Revolving
        Commitments in the currency in which the applicable Letter of Credit is denominated. 
           
         The issuance of all Letters of Credit shall
        be subject to the customary procedures of the applicable Issuing Bank.   

Guarantees:   
     
         All obligations of the Borrower under the
        Revolving Facility (collectively, the    Obligations   ) (including, at the option of the Borrower, all obligations
        of any Loan Party (as defined below) under any currency, interest rate protection or other hedging arrangements (the    Secured
        Hedging Obligations   ) and any cash management arrangements (the    Secured Cash Management Obligations   ),
        in each case entered into with the RCF Agent, the Lead Arranger, a Revolving Lender or an affiliate of any of the foregoing at
        the time such transaction is entered into) (other than any obligation of any Loan Party to pay or perform under any agreement,
        contract or transaction that constitutes a  swap  within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act
        (a    Swap   ) will be unconditionally guaranteed (the    Guarantees   ) by (x) the
        Borrower (other than with respect to its own obligations) and (y) each of the Borrower s existing and subsequently acquired
        or organized direct or indirect wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined below), other than any Excluded Subsidiaries (the
        entities described in the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), the    Guarantors    and, together with the Borrower,
        the    Loan Parties   );  provided  that Guarantors shall not include (unless at the option of the Borrower,
        such subsidiary is designated as a Guarantor by the Borrower) (a) Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (b) immaterial subsidiaries
        (to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed), (c) any subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation
        or by any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date (or, if later, the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary), and
        not created in contemplation hereof or of such subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, from guaranteeing the Revolving Facility
        or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a Guarantee unless
        such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, (d) subsidiaries that are not wholly owned, (e) not-for-profit
        subsidiaries, (f) captive insurance subsidiaries, (g) special purpose entities in connection with permitted receivables securitizations
        or (h) any subsidiaries organized outside the United States or Canada (the    Excluded Subsidiaries   ). 
           
         The Borrower may, at its option, cause
        any subsidiary that is not otherwise required to become a Guarantor to become a Guarantor. 
           
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) subsidiaries
        may be excluded from the guarantee requirements in circumstances where the Borrower and the RCF Agent reasonably agree that the
        cost or material tax consequences of providing such a guarantee is excessive in relation to the value afforded thereby and (B)
        the Guarantees shall be subject to general statutory and common law limitations, including, in the case of Guarantors organized
        under the laws of the United States or a jurisdiction thereof, fraudulent transfer restrictions (it being understood that such
        restrictions shall be addressed only by customary savings clauses). 
           
         For purposes of the RCF Credit
Documentation,    Restricted Subsidiary    means any existing and future direct or indirect subsidiary of
the Borrower other than any Unrestricted Subsidiary (as defined below).   

Security:   
     
         Subject in all respects to the
Certain Funds Provision, the Obligations (including, at the option of the Borrower, the Secured Hedging Obligations and Secured
Cash Management Obligations) will be secured by perfected first-priority security interests in substantially (i) all personal
property of the respective Loan Party to the extent consisting of accounts receivable, credit card receivables, loans receivable,
other receivables, tax refunds, inventory, cash, cash equivalents, securities and deposit accounts (subject to exceptions for
Excluded Accounts (as defined below)), and other assets in such accounts, commercial tort claims, general intangibles related
to the foregoing (including rights under customer lease agreements and other customer contracts, but excluding capital stock and
intellectual property), payment intangibles, rights to business interruption insurance, intellectual property to the extent attached
to or necessary to sell the foregoing, insurance policies related to the foregoing, chattel paper, documents and supporting obligations,
and books and records to the extent related to the foregoing, in each case, whether owned on the Closing Date or thereafter acquired
(and any proceeds and products thereof in whatever form received), and (ii) all now owned or hereafter acquired personal property
and real property of the respective Loan Party, including without limitation, with respect to obligations of the Loan Parties,
a pledge of the capital stock of each Restricted Subsidiary directly held by each Loan Party (clauses (i) and (ii) together, the
   Collateral   ), in each case other than Excluded Assets (as defined below).   

All the above-described pledges, security interests and mortgages shall be created on terms consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles, and none of the Collateral shall be subject to any other liens (except for permitted liens).   

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, the Collateral shall exclude the following: (i) (x) any fee-owned real property located outside of the United States
or Canada, (y) any fee-owned real property with a fair market value less than $15 million (with all required mortgages being permitted
to be delivered after the Closing Date) and (z) all real property leasehold interests (and there will be no requirements to deliver
landlord lien waivers, bailee letters, estoppels or collateral access letters), (ii) motor vehicles and other assets subject
to certificates of title, (iii) letter of credit rights (other than to the extent such rights can be perfected by filing a UCC
or a PPSA financing statement) and commercial tort claims below a threshold to be mutually agreed, (iv)  margin stock 
(within the meaning of Regulation U) and pledges and security interests prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation
or agreements with any governmental authority or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license
or authorization to provide such security interest unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received,
in each case, after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or PPSA or other applicable law, (v) equity
interests in any entities other than wholly-owned subsidiaries to the extent not permitted by the terms of such entity s
organizational or joint venture documents, (vi) deposit accounts, securities accounts, commodities accounts, and other similar
accounts (A) for the sole purpose of funding payroll obligations, employee benefit or health benefit obligations, tax obligations,
escrow arrangements or holding funds owned by persons other than a Loan Party, (B) that are zero-balance accounts, (C) that are
accounts in jurisdictions other than in the jurisdiction of organization of the applicable granting Loan Party, the United States
or any state thereof or Canada or any province or territory thereof, (D) qualifying under exceptions consistent with the RCF Credit
Documentation Principles, or (E) that are accounts other than those described in the preceding clauses (A) through (D) with respect
to which the average daily balance of the funds maintained on deposit therein does not exceed an amount consistent with the RCF
Credit Documentation Principles (   Excluded Accounts   ) (vii) any lease, license or other agreement
or any property subject to a purchase money security interest, capital lease obligation, or other arrangement to the extent that
a grant of a security interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement, purchase money, capital lease
obligation, or other arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than a Loan Party)
after giving effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC, PPSA or other applicable law, other than proceeds
and receivables thereof, the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC, the PPSA or other applicable law
notwithstanding such prohibition, (viii) those assets as to which the RCF Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the
cost or material tax consequences of providing or obtaining such a security interest or perfection thereof are excessive in relation
to the benefit to the Revolving Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby, (ix) receivables and related assets sold
to any receivables subsidiary or otherwise pledged in connection with any permitted receivables securitizations, (x) equity interests
in immaterial subsidiaries (or any person that is not a subsidiary which, if a subsidiary would constitute an immaterial subsidiary),
captive insurance subsidiaries, not-for-profit subsidiaries, special purpose entities in connection with permitted receivables
securitizations and Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (xi) intellectual property requiring filing in a jurisdiction outside of the United
States or Canada, (xii) any intent-to-use trademark application prior to the filing of a  Statement of Use  or  Amendment
to Allege Use  with respect thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant
of a security interest therein would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application under applicable
U.S. federal law, (xiii) equity interests in Cura Classis (US) Hold Co LLC, Cura Classis Canada (Hold Co) Inc., and Cura Classis
UK (Hold Co) Limited and (xiv) other exceptions to be mutually agreed upon (the foregoing described in clauses (i) through
(xiv) are, collectively, the    Excluded Assets   ).   

Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary, no Loan Party shall be required, nor shall the RCF Agent be authorized, to (i) perfect the above-described pledges,
security interests and mortgages by any means other than by (A)(1) filings pursuant to the UCC or the PPSA in the office
of the secretary of state (or similar central filing office) of the relevant State(s) or provinces or territories and (2) filings
in the applicable real estate records with respect to real properties included in the Collateral or any fixtures relating to such
properties, (B) filings in the USPTO and/or USCO and/or comparable Canadian filing office, as applicable, with respect to
intellectual property as expressly required in the RCF Credit Documentation, and (C) delivery to the RCF Agent of all Stock Certificates,
intercompany notes and other instruments and tangible chattel paper (in the case of instruments and tangible chattel paper, to
the extent such intercompany note or other instrument or tangible chattel paper is in an amount in excess of an amount consistent
with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles) to be held in its possession, in each case as expressly required in the RCF Credit
Documentation, (ii) enter into any control agreement with respect to any Excluded Account or any other deposit account, securities
account or commodities account, (iii) take any action (other than the actions listed in clause (A)(1), (B), and (C) above)
with respect to any assets located outside of the United States or Canada, or (iv) to take any actions in any jurisdiction other
than the United States or Canada (or any political subdivision thereof) or enter into any collateral documents governed by the
laws of any jurisdiction (other than the United States or Canada or any political subdivision thereof) (the foregoing described
in clauses (i) through (iv) are, collectively, the    Excluded Perfection Requirements   ).   

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
        contained herein, the above requirements under  Security  shall be, as of the Closing Date, subject to the Certain
        Funds Provision set forth in the Commitment Letter. 
           
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral
        shall be subject to, in the case of Loan Parties organized under the laws of the United States or a jurisdiction thereof, fraudulent
        transfer restrictions (it being understood that such restrictions shall be addressed only by customary savings clauses). 

Mandatory Prepayments:   
     
         Limited to the following: If the sum of
        (x) the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding at such time and (y) the aggregate Letter of Credit exposure
        of the Revolving Lender at such time shall exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time (after giving effect to any
        concurrent termination or reduction thereof), the Borrower will promptly after receiving written notice from the RCF Agent of such
        excess, at the Borrower s option: (i) prepay Revolving Loans (without premium or penalty) and/or (ii) cash collateralize
        the Letter of Credit exposure, in the aggregate amount of such excess. 

Voluntary
Commitment   Reductions and Prepayments:    
       Voluntary
                                         reductions of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Commitments and prepayments of
                                         borrowings under the Revolving Facility will be permitted at any time, in minimum principal
                                         amounts to be mutually agreed, subject to customary notice requirements and without premium
                                         or penalty (subject to customary reimbursement of the Revolving Lender s redeployment
                                         costs (other than lost profits) in the case of a prepayment of Adjusted LIBOR borrowings
                                         other than on the last day of the relevant interest period).   

Unrestricted Subsidiaries:   
      The RCF Credit Documentation will contain provisions pursuant to which, subject to limitations on loans, advances, guarantees and other investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries (but no other limitations), the Borrower will be permitted to designate any existing or subsequently acquired or organized subsidiary as an  Unrestricted Subsidiary  and subsequently re-designate any such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, after giving effect to any such designation or re-designation, (a) any such designation as a  Restricted Subsidiary  shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any indebtedness or liens of such subsidiary existing at such time, (b) the fair market value of such subsidiary at the time it is designated as an  Unrestricted Subsidiary  shall be treated as an investment by the Borrower at such time, which is permitted under the RCF Credit Documentation, (c) no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it was previously designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (d) giving effect to any such designation as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (but not in connection with any re-designation as a Restricted Subsidiary), the resultant investment is otherwise permitted by the investment covenant described under  Negative Covenants  below, and (e) each subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary under the Senior Unsecured Notes or Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility (if applicable) shall not be designated as an  Unrestricted Subsidiary  under the Revolving Facility (if applicable) unless it is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary under the Senior Unsecured Notes or Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility substantially contemporaneously therewith. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to the guarantee requirements, representations and warranties, affirmative or negative covenants, events of default or other provisions of the RCF Credit Documentation and the results of operations and indebtedness of Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be taken into account for purposes of determining compliance with the financial ratio tests except to the extent of distributions received therefrom.   

Documentation:   
     
         The definitive documentation for the Revolving
        Facility (the    RCF Credit Documentation   ) will be documented under a single credit agreement, will contain
        the terms set forth in this   Exhibit A   and   Exhibit C  , and to the extent not covered by this   Exhibit A
          and   Exhibit C  , will be substantially consistent with a precedent to be mutually agreed, with changes and
        modifications that give due regard to (a) the operational and strategic requirements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries in light
        of their size, capital structure, industries, businesses, business practices, jurisdiction of incorporation and related currency
        and other provisions and (b) qualifications, thresholds, exceptions,  baskets  and grace and cure periods shall be
        as mutually agreed; provided that the RCF Credit Documentation shall contain only those conditions to borrowing, mandatory prepayments,
        representations and warranties, covenants (affirmative, negative and financial) and events of default expressly set forth in this
        RCF Term Sheet, in each case, applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (collectively, for purposes of this   Exhibit
        A  , the    RCF Credit Documentation Principles   ). The RCF Credit Documentation will be negotiated
        in good faith within a reasonable time period to be determined based on the expected Closing Date and shall be subject in all respects
        to the Certain Funds Provision. 
           
         For purposes of calculating Consolidated
        EBITDA (as defined below), the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, and the Total Net Leverage Ratio (each of the foregoing to be defined
        in a manner to be mutually agreed, but in any event the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio and the Total Net Leverage Ratio (i) shall
        include netting of all cash and cash equivalents and (ii) will only include debt for borrowed money and capital lease obligations
        and all amounts drawn (and unreimbursed) under outstanding Letters of Credit in the numerator),  pro forma  effect will be
        given to acquisitions and other investments, material dispositions and certain other specified transactions. 

Consolidated EBITDA   
        to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed, with adjustments to include, without limitation and without duplication, the following: 
           
         (i)      expected
        cost savings, operating expense reductions, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies related to the Transactions projected
        by the Borrower in good faith to result from actions with respect to which substantial steps have been, will be, or are expected
        to be, realizable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) within 18 months after the Closing Date, which are reasonably
        identifiable and factually supportable;  provided  that amounts added-back for any period pursuant to this clause (i), together
        with amounts added back pursuant to clause (ii), shall not exceed 20% of EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect
        to such adjustments); 
           
         (ii)     expected
        cost savings, operating expense reductions, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies related to mergers and other business
        combinations, acquisitions, divestitures, restructuring, cost savings initiatives which are reasonably identifiable and factually
        supportable and other similar initiatives and projected by the Borrower in good faith to result from actions with respect to which
        substantial steps have been, will be, or are expected to be, realizable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) within
        18 months after such transaction or initiative is consummated;  provided  that amounts added-back for any period pursuant
        to this clause (ii), together with amounts added back pursuant to clause (i), shall not exceed 20% of EBITDA for such period (calculated
        prior to giving effect to such adjustments); 
           
         (iii)    non-cash
        losses, charges and expenses (including non-cash compensation charges); 
           
         (iv)    extraordinary,
        unusual or non-recurring losses, charges and expenses; 
           
         (v)     cash
        restructuring and related charges and business optimization expenses; 

(vi)    unrealized
        gains and losses due to foreign exchange adjustments (including, without limitation, losses and expenses in connection with currency
        and exchange rate fluctuations); 
           
         (vii)   costs
        and expenses in connection with the Transactions; 
           
         (viii)  expenses
        or charges related to any equity offering, permitted investment, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or incurrence of permitted
        indebtedness (whether or not consummated), including non-operating or non-recurring professional fees, costs and expenses related
        thereto; 
           
         (ix)     interest,
        taxes, amortization, depreciation and other add-backs consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles; and 
           
         (x)      losses
        from discontinued operations and non-ordinary course asset sales. 
           
         The RCF Credit Documentation will contain
        language to address the European Union bail-in rules in customary form. 

Representations and Warranties:   
     
         Applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted
        Subsidiaries and limited to the following with respect to the RCF Credit Documentation: corporate or other organizational status
        and power; authorization and non-contravention with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of the RCF Credit Documentation,
        legal, valid and binding documentation and no consents or governmental authorizations with respect to the execution, delivery and
        performance of the RCF Credit Documentation; accuracy of financial statements and disclosures, confidential information memorandum
        and other information and good faith financial forecasts; no Material Adverse Effect (as defined below); absence of material litigation;
        with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of the RCF Credit Documentation, no material violation of, or conflicts
        with, law or material agreements; compliance with laws (including ERISA and Canadian pension standards legislation, margin regulations,
        laws applicable to sanctioned persons, OFAC, SEMA, the FCPA, CFPOA, the Criminal Code and other anti-corruption, anti-terrorism
        and anti-money laundering laws); payment of taxes; ownership of properties; Intellectual Property; inapplicability of the Investment
        Company Act; solvency as of the Closing Date of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis defined in a manner consistent
        with   Exhibit D   to the Commitment Letter; labor matters (including pensions); environmental laws and other regulatory
        matters; validity and perfection of security interests in the Collateral; insurance; use of proceeds; it being understood that
        representations and warranties shall in no event be a condition to the availability of any Facility on the Closing Date in a manner
        that is inconsistent with the Certain Funds Provision. 

Material Adverse Effect   
        means (a) a material adverse effect on the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its
        Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material and adverse effect on the rights and remedies of the RCF Agent and the
        Revolving Lenders, taken as a whole, under the RCF Credit Documentation or (c) a material and adverse effect on the ability of
        the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the RCF Credit Documentation. 

Conditions Precedent to Initial
    Borrowing:   
     
         The initial borrowing under the
Revolving Facility on the Closing Date will be subject solely to the applicable conditions precedent set forth in   Exhibit
C   to the Commitment Letter.   

Conditions Precedent to Borrowings After the Closing Date:   
     
         All of the representations and warranties
        in the RCF Credit Documentation shall be true and correct in all material respects (but in all respects if such representation
        or warranty is qualified by  material  or  Material Adverse Effect ); no default or event of default shall
        be continuing; and delivery of any relevant customary borrowing notices or Letter of Credit requests (other than with respect to
        any amendment, modification, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit which does not increase the face amount of such Letter
        of Credit). 

Affirmative Covenants:   
      Limited to the following (to be applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries): maintenance of corporate or other organizational existence and rights; payment of taxes; delivery of consolidated financial statements (together with accompanying management discussion and analysis and budgets in the case of annual financial statements) (with (x) 90 days for delivery of annual financial statements and (y) 45 days for delivery of quarterly financial statements for the first three fiscal quarters of a fiscal year), and with annual financial statements to be accompanied by an audit opinion from nationally recognized auditors that is not subject to qualification as to  going concern  or the scope of such audit (other than any exception, qualification or explanatory paragraph with respect to, or resulting from (i) an upcoming maturity date under any indebtedness or (ii) any potential inability to satisfy any financial maintenance covenant on a future date or in a future period), delivery of customary certificates and other information (other than information subject to attorney/client privilege or confidentiality provisions), including information required under the PATRIOT Act; delivery of notices of default, material litigation, material ERISA events and material events relating to Canadian pension matters and Material Adverse Effect; maintenance of properties in good working order; maintenance of insurance; maintenance of books and records; material compliance with laws and regulations (including FCPA, CFPOA, OFAC, SEMA, the PATRIOT Act, UNA, ERISA, Canadian pension standards legislation and environmental laws); use of proceeds; inspection of books and properties; annual lender calls; covenant to guarantee obligations and give security and further assurances, subject, in the case of each of the foregoing covenants, to exceptions and qualifications consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles;  provided  that, compliance with affirmative covenants shall in no event be a condition to the availability of any Facility on the Closing Date in a manner that is inconsistent with the Certain Funds Provision.   

Negative Covenants:   
      Consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles, subject to baskets and exceptions to be mutually agreed and limited solely to the following (to be applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) limitations on: liens; investments; indebtedness; fundamental changes; non-ordinary course dispositions of assets; restricted payments (including dividends, and voluntary prepayments of subordinated or junior lien indebtedness), provided that (in addition to other baskets and exceptions to be mutually agreed), so long as no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, restricted payments shall be permitted (i) in an unlimited amount, if the Total Net Leverage Ratio at the time of such restricted payment is no greater than 3.50:1.00 (or, if the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility is funded, 0.50x inside the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Closing Date), and (ii) in an amount not to exceed $125 million (or, if the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility is funded, $50.0 million) in any fiscal year if the Total Net Leverage Ratio at the time of such restricted payment is greater than or equal to 3.50:1.00 (or, if the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility is funded, 0.50x inside the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Closing Date); material change in nature of business; transactions with affiliates; Canadian pension matters, restrictions on negative pledge clauses; changes in fiscal year without the RCF Agent s consent; and amendments to subordinated or junior lien and organizational documents, in each case, to the extent such amendments are materially adverse to the Revolving Lenders.    

Financial Covenant:   
     
         Consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation
        Principles, the definitive documentation will contain only a maximum First Lien Net Leverage Ratio covenant (to be defined in a
        manner to be mutually agreed, but in any event the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (i) shall include netting of all cash and cash
        equivalents and (ii) will only include debt for borrowed money and capital lease obligations and all amounts drawn (and unreimbursed)
        under outstanding Letters of Credit in the numerator) to be set at levels to be agreed (the    Financial Covenant   )
        with cushion to be agreed to the financial model as of the Closing Date respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
        on a consolidated basis. 
           
          The Financial
        Covenant will be tested as of the last day of   every fiscal quarter (commencing with the first
        full fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending after the Closing Date) if the aggregate revolving credit exposure under the Revolving
        Facility on such day exceeds 30% of the aggregate commitments under the Revolving Facility.  

Events of Default:   
      Consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles and limited to the following (to be applicable to the Borrower and its respective Restricted Subsidiaries and subject, to thresholds and grace periods consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles): nonpayment of principal, interest or other amounts (with grace periods for interest and other amounts); violation of negative covenants and affirmative covenants to maintain legal existence (with respect to the Borrower only), to provide notice of default ( provided , that the delivery of such notice at any time will cure any such event of default arising from the failure to timely deliver such notice of default) or with respect to use of proceeds provisions; violation of other covenants (subject to a 30-day cure period after the date on which notice of default from the RCF Agent is received by the Borrower); incorrectness of representations and warranties in any material respect; cross default to material indebtedness in excess of an amount to be agreed; bankruptcy; monetary judgments in excess of an amount to be mutually agreed (subject to customary qualifications for appeals and stays of such judgment); ERISA events and events relating to Canadian pension matters that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; invalidity (actual or asserted (in writing) by any Loan Party) of guarantees or security documents representing a material portion of the Guarantees or Collateral; and Change of Control (to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed).   

Voting:   
     
         Amendments and waivers of the RCF Credit
        Documentation will require the approval of Revolving Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders (as defined below)) holding more than
        50% of the aggregate amount of the loans and commitments under the Revolving Facility (the    Required Revolving Lenders   ),
        except that (a) the consent of each Revolving Lender directly affected thereby (but not the Required Revolving Lenders, other
        than in the case of clause (a)(ii), which shall require the consent of each Revolving Lender increasing its commitments as well
        as the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders if such increase is effectuated other than pursuant to provisions in the RCF Credit
        Documentation specifically permitting increases of commitments without the further approval of Required Revolving Lenders, including
        as described under  Commitment Increases  in this   Exhibit A  ) shall be required with respect to: (i) modifications
        to any provision requiring  pro rata  treatment of the Revolving Lenders (other than for purposes of any amendment that would
        extend the final maturity date of any Revolving Loans under the Revolving Facility on terms consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation
        Principles), (ii) increases in the commitment of such Revolving Lender, (iii) reductions or forgiveness of principal, interest,
        fees or reimbursement obligations payable to such Revolving Lender and (iv) extensions of final maturity of the loans or commitments
        of such Revolving Lender or of the date for payment to such Revolving Lender of any interest, fees, or any reimbursement obligation
        and (b) the consent of each Revolving Lender shall be required with respect to, among other things: (i) modifications to voting
        requirements or percentages, (ii) releases of all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees, or all or substantially
        all of the Collateral and (iii) changes that impose any additional restriction on a Revolving Lender s ability to assign
        any of its rights or obligations under the Revolving Facility. 
           
         The Borrower or (in the case of (b) or
        (c) only) the RCF Agent shall, subject to usual and customary conditions, have the right to replace a Revolving Lender or terminate
        the commitment of a Revolving Lender on a non- pro rata  basis (a) in connection with amendments and waivers requiring
        the consent of all Revolving Lenders or of all Revolving Lenders directly affected thereby so long as the consent of the Required
        Revolving Lenders has been obtained, (b) if such Revolving Lender asserts a claim for any funding protection, whether for
        increased costs, taxes, required indemnity payments or otherwise or (c) if such Lender is a Defaulting Lender. 
           
          Participants
shall have the same benefits as the Revolving Lenders with respect to yield protection and increased cost provisions, subject
to customary limitations and restrictions. Voting rights of participants shall be limited solely to those matters set forth in
clause (a)(ii) under the first paragraph under the heading  Voting  with respect to which the affirmative vote of
the Revolving Lender from which it purchased its participation would be required. Pledges of loans in accordance with applicable
law shall be permitted without restriction. The RCF Agent shall have no responsibility to ensure that the foregoing limitations
as to participations are observed by the Revolving Lenders.     

In addition, if the RCF Agent and the Borrower
        shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature in the RCF Credit Documentation,
        then the RCF Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision without further action or consent by any other party,
        provided that the Required Revolving Lenders shall not have objected to such amendment within 5 business days after receiving a
        copy thereof. 

Defaulting Lenders:   
     
         The RCF Credit Documentation shall contain
        customary provisions relating to  defaulting  Lenders (   Defaulting Lenders   ) (including provisions
        relating to reallocation of participations in, or the Revolving Lenders providing reasonable cash collateral to support, Letters
        of Credit, to the suspension of voting rights and rights to receive certain fees, and to termination or assignment of the Revolving
        Commitments or Revolving Loans of such Defaulting Lenders). 

Cost and Yield Protection:   
     
         Usual and customary for facilities and
        transactions of this type, including (a) provisions protecting the Revolving Lenders against increased costs or loss of yield resulting
        from changes in reserve, capital adequacy, liquidity and other requirements of law, in each case, occurring after the Closing Date
        (including but not limited to provisions relating to Dodd-Frank and Basel III (regardless of the date arising), (b) provisions
        indemnifying the Revolving Lenders for  breakage costs  actually incurred in connection with, among other things, any
        prepayment of LIBOR Rate borrowings on a day prior to the last day of an interest period with respect thereto, and (c) customary
        tax gross-up provisions;  provided  there will be customary exceptions to the tax gross-up obligations, including for, but
        not limited to, withholding taxes imposed as a result of the failure of a Revolving Lender to comply with the requirements of current
        Sections 1471 through 1474 of the US Internal Code as in effect on the date the RCF Credit Documentation is entered into (or
        any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with). 

Assignments and Participations:   
     
         The Revolving Lenders will be permitted
        to assign Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans under the Revolving Facility (other than to a Disqualified Lender) with the
        consent of the Borrower and RCF Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (it being understood that the withholding of
        consent by the Borrower to any assignment to a Disqualified Lender shall be deemed reasonable);  provided  that such consent
        of the Borrower (x) shall not be required (i) if such assignment of any Revolving Loans or Revolving Commitment is made to another
        Revolving Lender or an affiliate or approved fund of any such Revolving Lender, (ii) during the primary syndication of Revolving
        Loans and Revolving Commitments to persons identified to the Borrower and approved by the Borrower prior to the Syndication Date
        or (iii) after the occurrence and during the continuance of a payment or bankruptcy event of default and (y) in each case,
        shall be deemed to have been given (other than with respect to a Disqualified Lender) if the Borrower has not responded within
        10 business days of a written request for such consent. All assignments will also require the consent of the RCF Agent and
        each Issuing Bank, in each case not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each assignment will be in an amount of an integral
        multiple of $5.0 million or, if less, all of such Revolving Lender s remaining loans and commitments of the applicable class;
         provided  that such assignments made to Revolving Lenders and affiliates of Revolving Lenders will not be subject to the
        above described minimum assignment amounts. The Revolving Lenders will also have the right to sell participations in their loans
        and commitments under the Revolving Facility on customary terms, subject to limitations on voting rights set forth above and provided
        that no participation shall be sold to any Disqualified Lender. 

The RCF Agent shall not be responsible or have any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce compliance with the provisions hereof relating to Disqualified Lenders.   

Any assignment or participation by a Revolving Lender without the Borrower s consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) to a Disqualified Lender (or any affiliate thereof) or, to the extent the Borrower s consent is required under the terms of the RCF Credit Documentation, to any other person, shall be null and void, and the Borrower shall be entitled to (a) seek specific performance to unwind any such assignment or participation and/or (b) exercise any other remedy set forth in the RCF Credit Documentation available to the Borrower in addition to any other remedy available to the Borrower at law or at equity;  provided  that the list of Disqualified Lenders is made available to any Revolving Lender which specifically requests a copy thereof.   

Expenses and Indemnification:   
      The Borrower will indemnify the Lead Arranger, the RCF Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Revolving Lenders, their respective affiliates, successors and assigns and the officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, controlling persons, members and representatives of each of the foregoing (each, an    Indemnified Person   ) and will hold them harmless from and against any and all reasonable and documented (in reasonable detail) out-of-pocket costs, expenses (limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges one counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole in each relevant material jurisdiction (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)), damages, losses and liabilities of such Indemnified Person arising out of or relating to any claim, any litigation, any investigation or other proceeding (regardless of whether such Indemnified Person is a party thereto and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrower or any of its respective affiliates or equity holders) that relates to the Transactions, including the financing contemplated hereby, the Acquisition or any transactions in connection therewith;  provided  that no Indemnified Person will be indemnified for any cost, expense or liability from (i) its willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision), (ii) a material breach of the obligations of such Indemnified Person under the RCF Credit Documentation (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision), or (iii) any proceeding that is brought by an Indemnified Person against any other Indemnified Person (other than an agent or arranger under the definitive documentation acting in its capacity as such or any claims arising out of an act or omission on the part of the Borrower or any of their affiliates, to all of which this indemnity shall be applicable). In addition, if the Closing Date occurs, the Borrower shall pay (a) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges one counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole in each relevant material jurisdiction (which may be a single special counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions)) for all Indemnified Persons, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the Indemnified Person affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected Indemnified Person) of the Lead Arranger, the RCF Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Issuing Banks in connection with the syndication of the Revolving Facility, the preparation and administration of the Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters and the RCF Credit Documentation, and amendments, modifications and waivers thereto, and (b) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of a single special counsel to the Commitment Party in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)) of the Lead Arranger, the RCF Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Revolving Lenders for enforcement costs and documentary taxes associated with the Revolving Facility.   

Confidentiality:   
     
         The RCF Credit Documentation will contain
        customary confidentiality provisions with respect to information regarding the Borrower, its subsidiaries, their business, operations,
        assets and related matters, which shall in any event prohibit disclosure of any confidential information to competitors. 

Governing Law and Forum:   
     
         New York. 

Counsel to RCF   Agent:   
      Latham   Watkins LLP    

EXHIBIT A-II  

Interest Rates:   
     
         The interest rates under the Revolving
        Facility will be, at the option of the Borrower, Adjusted LIBOR  plus  2.00% or ABR  plus  1.00% (with step-downs to
        be mutually agreed). The Borrower may elect interest periods of one, two, three or six months (or 12 months or any shorter period
        if available to all Revolving Lenders) for Adjusted LIBOR borrowings. 
           
         Calculation of interest shall be on the
        basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year (or 365- or 366-day year, as the case may be, in the case of ABR
        loans based on the Prime Rate) and interest shall be payable at the end of each interest period and, in any event, at least every
        three months. 
           
            ABR    is the
        Alternate Base Rate, which is the highest of (i) the rate of interest quoted in the print edition of  The Wall Street Journal ,
        Money Rates Section as the prime rate as in effect from time to time, (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1.00%
        and (iii) one-month Published US LIBOR (as defined below) plus 1.00%. 
           
            Adjusted LIBOR   
        or    LIBOR Rate    is the London interbank offered rate for dollars appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR01
        Page (or otherwise on the Reuters Screen) adjusted for statutory reserve requirements;  provided  that Adjusted LIBOR will
        at all times include statutory reserves and shall, in each case, be deemed to be not less than 0%  per annum . 

Letter of Credit Fees:   
      A  per annum  fee equal to the spread over LIBOR Rate under the Revolving Facility multiplied by the average daily maximum aggregate amount available to be drawn under all Letters of Credit, payable in US dollars in arrears at the end of each quarter and upon the termination of the Revolving Facility, in each case for the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year. Such fees shall be distributed with respect to Letters of Credit, to the Revolving Lenders participating in the Revolving Facility  pro rata  in accordance with the amount of each such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment (other than Defaulting Lenders). In addition, the Borrower shall pay to the applicable Issuing Bank, for its own account, (a) a fronting fee in US dollars in an amount to be agreed, payable in arrears at the end of each quarter and upon the termination of the Revolving Facility, calculated based upon the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year, and (b) customary issuance and administration fees.   

Commitment Fees:   
      Commitment fees equal to 0.25%  per annum  times the daily average undrawn portion of the Revolving Facility of each Revolving Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) (reduced by the amount of Letters of Credit issued and outstanding) will accrue from the Closing Date and will be payable quarterly in arrears.   

EXHIBIT
B    

   $850.0
Million Senior Unsecured Bridge Loan Facility  Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions  
2     

Borrower:  
       The
                                         Borrower under the Revolving Facility (the    Borrower   ).  

Transactions:  
       As
                                         set forth in   Exhibit A   to the Commitment Letter.  

Agent:  
       Goldman
                                         Sachs Bank USA, acting through one or more of its branches or affiliates, will act as
                                         sole administrative agent (in such capacity, the    Senior Unsecured Bridge
                                         Agent   ) for a syndicate of banks, financial institutions and other institutional
                                         lenders (together with the Initial Lender, the    Senior Unsecured Bridge
                                         Lenders    the Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders, together with the Revolving
                                         Lenders, collectively, the    Lenders   ), and will perform
                                         the duties customarily associated with such roles.   

Lead
    Arranger and Bookrunner:  
       The
                                         Lead Arranger and Bookrunner (each as defined in the Commitment Letter) will act as a
                                         bookrunner and a lead arranger, respectively, for the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility,
                                         and will perform the duties customarily associated with such roles.  

Senior
    Unsecured Bridge Facility:  
       The
                                         senior unsecured bridge loan facility will consist of an aggregate principal amount of
                                         $850.0 million of senior unsecured bridge loans and will be made available to the Borrower
                                         in US dollars (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans   );  provided
                                          that, the gross cash proceeds, net of any OID or other discount to market, from the
                                         issuance of any Senior Unsecured Notes or Takeout Indebtedness (as defined in the Joint
                                         Fee Letter) on or prior to the Closing Date (including into escrow) or the incurrence
                                         of any Replacement Loans that are outstanding on the Closing Date, shall reduce the Senior
                                         Unsecured Bridge Loans on a dollar for dollar basis (the    Senior Unsecured
                                         Bridge Facility   ).  

Purpose:  
       The
                                         proceeds of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility will be used by the Borrower, on the
                                         Closing Date, together with any Closing Date Draw Amount, any Replacement Loans, any
                                         Senior Unsecured Notes and any Takeout Securities issued on or prior to the Closing Date,
                                         (a) to finance the Acquisition and the Refinancing, and (b) to pay the Transaction
                                         Costs.  

Availability:  
      The full amount of the
    Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility must be drawn in a single drawing on the Closing Date. Amounts borrowed under the Senior
    Unsecured Bridge Facility that are repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. The Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans will be funded
    at par.   

2  
All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Commitment Letter to which this term sheet
is attached, including the RCF Term Sheet and   Annex I   thereto or the other exhibits thereto. In the event any
such capitalized term is subject to multiple and differing definitions, the appropriate meaning thereof for purposes of this   Exhibit B  
shall be determined by reference to the context in which it is used. 

Interest Rates and Fees:  
      As set forth on   Annex I   hereto.   

Default Rate:  
      The applicable interest rate plus 2.00% per annum payable on overdue amounts only.   

Final Maturity and Amortization of Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Facility will mature on the date that is one year after the Closing Date (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Loans Maturity Date   ). 
           
         The Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Facility will not be subject to interim amortization.   

Conversion of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans; Exchange of Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans:  
     
         If any Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Loan has not been previously repaid in full on or prior to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date, such Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Loan shall, automatically be converted into a senior unsecured term loan (the    Senior Unsecured Extended
        Term Loans   ) having an equal principal amount and due on the date that is 8 years following the Closing Date. Except
        as provided herein, the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans shall have the same terms and conditions as the Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Loans, and applicable references in the Commitment Letter to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Facility shall include the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans. 
           
         The date on which
        the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans are converted into Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans is referred to as the    Conversion
        Date   . 
           
         On the Conversion
        Date, and on the 15th calendar day of each month thereafter (or the immediately succeeding business day if such calendar day is
        not a business day), at the option of the applicable Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender, Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans may be
        exchanged for senior unsecured exchange notes (the    Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities   ) having
        an equal principal amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be required to exchange Senior Unsecured Extended
        Term Loans for Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities unless at least $100 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Unsecured
        Exchange Securities would be outstanding immediately after such exchange. 

B- 2   

The Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans will be governed by the provisions of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility
        Documentation. When issued, the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will be governed by an indenture to be entered into between
        the Borrower and a trustee reasonably acceptable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders and the Borrower, which indenture shall
        be, except as otherwise provided herein consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles (as defined below).
        The Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans and the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities shall rank equal in right of payment for
        all purposes. The obligations in respect of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans, the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans, the Senior
        Unsecured Exchange Securities and the Senior Unsecured Notes are referred to herein as the    Senior Unsecured Obligations   . 

Maturity of Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities:  
     
         8 years from
the Closing Date.   

Availability of the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured
        Exchange Securities will be available in exchange for the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans on the terms and conditions set
        forth herein. The principal amount of any Senior Unsecured Exchange Security will equal 100% of the aggregate principal amount
        of the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans for which it is exchanged. 

Guarantees:  
     
         All obligations of
        the Borrower under the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility will be unconditionally guaranteed by each Guarantor (as defined in   Exhibit
        A  ) of the Revolving Facility (such guarantees, the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Guarantees   ).
        The Senior Unsecured Bridge Guarantees will rank  pari passu  in right of payment with the guarantees of the Revolving Facility. 

Security:  
      None.   

B- 3   

Mandatory Prepayments:  
     
         Prior to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans
        Maturity Date and consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles and subject to the last paragraph of this
        section titled  Mandatory Prepayments , the Borrower will be required to prepay the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans at
        100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest with (i) the net cash proceeds from the issuance
        of the Takeout Securities (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter);  provided  that in the event any Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender
        or affiliate of a Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender purchases Takeout Securities from the Borrower at a price above the level at which
        such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate has reasonably determined such Takeout Security can be resold by such Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Lender or affiliate to a bona fide third party at the time of such purchase (and notifies the Borrower thereof), without
        regard to such difference being required or applied by such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate as an additional fee, the
        net cash proceeds received by the Borrower in respect of such debt security may, at the option of such Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Lender or affiliate, be applied first to prepay the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans of such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate
        (provided that if there is more than one such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate then such net cash proceeds will be applied
        pro rata to prepay the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans of all such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders or affiliates in proportion to
        such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders  or affiliates  principal amount of Takeout Securities purchased from the Borrower)
        prior to being applied to prepay the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans held by other Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders; (ii) 100% of
        the net cash proceeds of all non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions of property by the Borrower and its Restricted
        Subsidiaries (with exceptions for sales of inventory, ordinary course dispositions, dispositions of obsolete or worn-out property
        and property no longer useful in the business, amounts required to be applied to any secured indebtedness of the Borrower and other
        exceptions to be set forth in the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation) (subject to the right of the Borrower and its
        Restricted Subsidiaries to reinvest 100% of such net proceeds if such proceeds are reinvested (or committed to be reinvested) within
        365 days and, if so committed to be reinvested, so long as such reinvestment is actually completed within six months thereafter,
        and other exceptions to be set forth in the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation); (iii) 100% of the net cash proceeds received
        from the sale of the Senior Unsecured Notes or any other debt financing other than the Revolving Facility and any Alternate Facilities
        subject to other exceptions to be mutually agreed (collectively, the    Bridge Facility Permanent Debt   );
        and (iv) the net cash proceeds received from public issuances of equity of the Borrower after the Closing Date (subject to exceptions
        to be mutually agreed, including pursuant to employee stock and compensation plans), in the case of any such prepayments pursuant
        to the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, with exceptions and baskets as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Documentation Principles. 

B- 4   

Following the occurrence
        of a Change of Control (to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed), the Borrower will also be required to offer to prepay
        (a) the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof and (b) the Senior Unsecured Extended
        Term Loans and Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities at 101% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, in each case plus accrued
        and unpaid interest to the date of prepayment. Any proceeds from the sale of any Bridge Facility Permanent Debt issued to a Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Lender or one of its affiliates (other than bona fide investment funds and entities that manage assets on behalf
        of unaffiliated third-parties (the    Asset Management Affiliates   )) will be applied to refinance the Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Loans held by such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or its affiliates, without premium or penalty, notwithstanding
        the  pro rata  provisions otherwise applicable to redemptions and prepayments. 
           
         The Borrower will
        also be required to offer to prepay the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof
        plus accrued and unpaid interest with 100% of the net cash proceeds of all non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions
        of property by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (subject to the right of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
        to reinvest 100% of such net proceeds if such proceeds are reinvested (or committed to be reinvested) within 365 days and, if so
        committed to be reinvested, so long as such reinvestment is actually completed within twelve months thereafter, and other exceptions
        to be set forth in the applicable definitive documentation). 
           
         The Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans
        will have the mandatory prepayment and repurchase offer provisions applicable to the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities (rather
        than the mandatory prepayment provisions applicable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans). 

Voluntary Prepayments:  
     
         Voluntary prepayments
        of Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans will be permitted at any time, in minimum principal
        amounts to be mutually agreed upon, subject to customary notice requirements and without premium or penalty. 
           
         The Senior Unsecured
        Exchange Securities will be non-callable for 3 years from the Closing Date (subject to customary 35% clawback provisions with
        the proceeds of equity offerings at par plus accrued interest plus a premium equal to the coupon) and will be callable (i) during
        the fourth year after the Closing Date, at par plus accrued interest plus a premium equal to three-quarters of the coupon, (ii)
        during the fifth year after the Closing Date, at par plus accrued interest plus a premium equal to one-half the coupon, (iii) during
        the sixth year after the Closing Date, at par plus accrued interest plus a premium equal to one-quarter the coupon and (iv) from
        and after the seventh anniversary of the Closing Date, at par plus accrued interest (without premium);  provided ,  however ,
        that any Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will be callable prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date at a redemption
        price equal to par  plus  accrued interest  plus  a make whole premium calculated on the basis of a discount rate equal
        to the then applicable U.S. Treasury Rate plus one-half of one percent (0.50%). In addition, so long as any such Senior Unsecured
        Exchange Securities are held by the Commitment Party or its affiliates (other than Asset Management Affiliates), such Senior Unsecured
        Exchange Securities will be callable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest on a non- pro rata  basis.   

B- 5   

Unrestricted Subsidiaries:  
      Consistent with the Revolving Facility.   

Documentation:  
     
         The definitive documentation
        for the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation   ) (including
        the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities) will contain the terms and conditions set forth in this Exhibit B and to the extent not
        covered by this Exhibit B, will be based on a specified precedent to be mutually agreed (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Documentation Precedent   ) with changes and modifications that give due regard to (a) the operational and strategic
        requirements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries in light of their size, capital structure, industries, businesses, business practices,
        jurisdiction of incorporation and related currency and other provisions and (b) qualifications, thresholds, exceptions,  baskets 
        and grace and cure periods that shall be as mutually agreed (including a provision that permits restricted payments in an unlimited
        amount if the Total Net Leverage Ratio (to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed) at the time of such restricted payment
        is no greater than 0.5x less than such ratio as of the Closing Date) (collectively for purposes of this Exhibit B, the    Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles    and together with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles, the    Documentation
        Principles   ); provided that the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation shall contain only those conditions
        to borrowing, mandatory prepayments, representations and warranties, covenants and events of default expressly set forth in this
        Term Sheet, in each case, applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. The Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation
        will be negotiated in good faith within a reasonable time period to be determined based on the expected Closing Date. 
           
         The Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Facility Documentation will contain language to address the European Union bail-in rules in customary form. 

Representations and Warranties:  
      Substantially similar to those for the Revolving Facility, with modifications consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles to the extent necessary to reflect differences in documentation, but in any event no less favorable to the Borrower than those in the RCF Credit Documentation; it being understood that representations and warranties shall be subject to the Certain Funds Provision.    

B- 6   

Conditions Precedent to Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans:  
     
         The borrowing under
        the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility on the Closing Date will be subject solely to the applicable conditions precedent set forth
        in   Exhibit C   to the Commitment Letter. 

Covenants:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Facility Documentation will contain such affirmative and incurrence-based (but not financial maintenance) negative covenants
        with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries applicable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured
        Extended Term Loans as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles, including an affirmative covenant
        with respect to marketing efforts and securities demand, and will not include any covenants not included in the Revolving Facility
        except an affirmative covenant with respect to marketing efforts and securities demand, a covenant to use commercially reasonable
        efforts to refinance the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, to use commercially
        reasonable efforts to maintain corporate level and facility level ratings (but not any minimum rating) and to conduct calls with
        the Senior unsecured Bridge Lenders on no less than a quarterly basis. Prior to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date,
        the restricted payments, liens and debt incurrence covenants of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility may be more restrictive than
        those applicable to the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans and the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities, as reasonably agreed
        by the Senior Unsecured Bridge Agent and the Borrower. It is understood that compliance with covenants shall in no event be a condition
        to the availability of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility on the Closing Date in a manner that is inconsistent with the Certain
        Funds Provision. 
           
         Upon and after the
        earlier of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date and the occurrence of a Takeout Demand Failure (as defined in the Joint
        Fee Letter), the covenants which would be applicable to the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities, if issued, will also be applicable
        to the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans in lieu of the corresponding provisions of the documentation governing the Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Loans. The indenture governing the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will contain such covenants with respect to the
        Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles (but, in any
        event, no more restrictive than those for the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility), including a provision that permits restricted
        payments in an unlimited amount if the Total Net Leverage Ratio at the time of such restricted payment is no greater than 0.5x
        less than such ratio as of the Closing Date.   

B- 7   

Financial Covenant:  
     
         None. 

Events of Default:  
     
         The events of default
        applicable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans will be consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles;  provided 
        that, a default or event of default (other than a payment default) with respect to the Revolving Facility shall not give rise to
        a default or event of default under the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility unless and until the Revolving Lenders accelerate the
        Revolving Loans and other obligations under the Revolving Facility as a result of such default. 
           
         The indenture governing
        the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will contain such events of default (including grace periods and threshold amounts) as
        are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles (but, in any event, no more restrictive than those for
        the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility) but not including a cross default (and, in lieu thereof, a cross-acceleration and cross-payment
        default at maturity to material debt). Upon and after the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date, the events of default which
        would be applicable to the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities, if issued, will also be applicable to the Senior Unsecured Extended
        Term Loans in lieu of the corresponding provisions of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation. 

Registration Rights:  
     
         No registration rights.
        The Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will be  private for life . 

Trust Indenture Act: 

Defeasance and Discharge:  
     
         The Indenture governing
        the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities shall not be subject to the Trust Indenture Act, as amended (the    TIA   ),
        including the provisions of Section 316 thereof and shall not contain any provision substantially similar to Section 316(b) of
        the TIA (other than similar provisions that relate solely to the amendment of payment terms). 
           
         The indenture
governing the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will contain such defeasance and discharge provisions as are consistent with
the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles.   

B- 8   

Voting:  
     
         Amendments
and waivers of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation applicable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior
Unsecured Extended Term Loans will require the approval of Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate
amount of the outstanding Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans or Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans, as applicable (the    Required
Lenders   ), except that (a) the consent of each Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender directly affected thereby (rather
than Required Lenders) shall be required with respect to: (i) modifications to any provision requiring  pro rata  treatment
of the Lenders, (ii) increases in the commitment of such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender, (iii) reductions or forgiveness
of principal, interest, fees payable to such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender, (iv) extensions of final maturity of the loans of
such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or of the date for payment to such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender of any interest or fees,
and (v) additional restrictions on the right to exchange Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans for Senior Unsecured Exchange
Securities and (b) the consent of each Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender shall be required with respect to: (i) modifications
to voting requirements or percentages and (ii) releases of all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees.   

The indenture governing the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will contain such modification provisions as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles.   

Cost and Yield Protection:   

Substantially similar to the tax gross
        up, cost and yield provisions contained in the Revolving Facility, with appropriate modifications for a bridge facility. 

Assignments and Participations of Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders will
        be permitted to assign Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans without the consent of (but with notice to) the Borrower (except that no such
        assignments to Disqualified Lenders will be permitted);  provided  that, prior to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity
        Date, unless a Takeout Demand Failure (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter) or a payment or bankruptcy event of default has occurred
        and is at such time continuing, the consent of the Borrower shall be required with respect to any assignment if, subsequent thereto,
        the Initial Lender would hold, in the aggregate, less than 50.1% of the outstanding Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans. 
           
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders will
        be permitted to participate their Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans to other financial institutions without restrictions, other than
        customary voting limitations. Participants will have the same benefits as the selling Lenders would have (and will be limited to
        the amount of such benefits) with regard to yield protection and increased costs, subject to customary limitations and restrictions.   

B- 9   

Right to Transfer Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities:  
      The holders of the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities shall have the absolute and unconditional right to transfer such Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities in compliance with applicable law to any third parties.   

Expenses and Indemnification:  
      Substantially similar to the expenses and indemnification provisions contained in the Revolving Facility, with modifications consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles to the extent necessary to reflect differences in documentation, but in any event not applicable to the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities.   

Governing Law and Forum:  
      New York.   

Counsel to Senior Unsecured Bridge Agent:  
      Latham   Watkins LLP.   

B- 10   

ANNEX I to  

  EXHIBIT B  

PRICING APPLICABLE TO SENIOR UNSECURED
BRIDGE LOANS  

Interest Rates:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans shall
        accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate (as defined in   Exhibit A  ), plus 450 basis points (the
           Senior Unsecured Bridge Initial Margin   ), with a LIBOR Rate floor of 1.00%. The Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Initial Margin will increase by an additional 50 basis points on the date that is three months after the Closing Date and an additional
        50 basis points for each additional three-month period thereafter;  provided  that, at no time shall the interest rate in
        effect on the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans exceed the Total Interest Cap (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter) (excluding interest
        at the default rate as described above). 
           
         The Borrower may elect interest periods
        of one, two, three, or six months (or 12 months or shorter period if available to all Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders) for Adjusted
        LIBOR borrowings. 
           
         Any Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans converted
        into Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans will accrue interest at the fixed rate equal to the Total Interest Cap (as defined in
        the Joint Fee Letter). 
           
         Calculation of interest shall be on the
        basis of the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year and interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears.   

PRICING APPLICABLE TO SENIOR UNSECURED
EXCHANGE SECURITIES  

Interest Rates:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will bear interest
        at a fixed rate equal to the Total Interest Cap and interest will be payable semiannually in arrears. 
           
         Calculation of interest shall be on the basis of a year of 12
        months of 30 days each.   

EXHIBIT C  

$150.0
Million Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility 
$850.0 Million Senior Unsecured Bridge Loan Facility 
Summary of Conditions Precedent   3     

This Summary of Conditions Precedent outlines certain of the conditions precedent to the Facilities referred to in the Commitment
Letter, of which this Exhibit C is a part. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in the Commitment Letter.  

The initial borrowings
under the Facilities shall be subject to the following applicable conditions (subject in all respects to the Certain Funds Provision): 

1.           Purchase
Agreement . The Acquisition shall have been consummated or shall be consummated substantially simultaneously with the initial
borrowings under the Facilities in accordance in all material respects with the terms of the Purchase Agreement (without any amendment,
modification or waiver thereof or any consent thereunder that is materially adverse to the Initial Lender for the applicable Facility
(in its capacity as such) without the prior written consent of the Commitment Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
delayed or conditioned);  provided  that (i) a reduction in the consideration payable under the Purchase Agreement of less
than 10% shall not be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Initial Lender;  provided   further  that
such reduction is applied 100% to reduce the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility, and (ii) an increase in such purchase price
amount shall not be deemed to be materially adverse to the Initial Lender if such increase is not funded with indebtedness for
borrowed money;  provided  that no purchase price or similar adjustment provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement shall
constitute a reduction or increase in the purchase price). 

2.           Refinancing .
The Refinancing shall have occurred, or shall occur substantially concurrently with the initial borrowings under the Facilities.
The applicable Agent shall have received evidence that in connection with the Refinancing, all guarantees of, and security granted
by, the Target and its subsidiaries with respect to the Target s Existing Debt have been discharged and released or shall
be discharged and released substantially concurrently with the initial borrowings under the applicable Facility (or customary arrangements
for such discharge and release shall have been agreed upon with the applicable Agent). 

3.           Revolving
Facility   Documentation . Subject to the Certain Funds Provision and solely as a condition to the availability of the
Revolving Facility, the execution and delivery of (i) the RCF Credit Documentation by each Loan Party thereto (ii) customary
legal opinions with respect to the Revolving Facility, certified organizational documents of each Loan Party, customary evidence
of authorization with respect to each Loan Party, customary officer s certificates of each Loan Party (provided that such
certificate shall not include any representations or statement as to the absence (or existence) of any default or event of default
under the RCF Credit Documentation or a bring-down of representations and warranties) and good standing certificates with respect
to each Loan Party (to the extent such concept exists in the applicable jurisdiction) in the jurisdiction of organization of such
Loan Party; (iii) a solvency certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit D   to the Commitment Letter, (iv)
all documents and instruments required to create and perfect the Collateral Agent s security interests in the Collateral
under the Revolving Facility, which shall be, if applicable, in proper form for filing, in each case, subject to the Certain Funds
Provision and consistent with the provisions of the RCF Term Sheet, and (v) a customary borrowing notice (provided that such notice
shall not include any representations or statement as to the absence (or existence) of any default or event of default under the
RCF Credit Documentation or a bring-down of representations and warranties) with respect to the initial borrowings under the Revolving
Facility. 

3
  All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Commitment Letter to which
this   Exhibit C   is attached, including   Exhibits A   and   B   thereto. In the case
of any such capitalized term that is subject to multiple and differing definitions, the appropriate meaning thereof in this   Exhibit C
  shall be determined by reference to the context in which it is used. 

4.           Senior 
 Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation . Subject to the Certain Funds Provision and solely as a condition to the availability
of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility, the execution and delivery of (i) the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation by
each Loan Party thereto, (ii) customary legal opinions with respect to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility, certified organizational
documents of each Loan Party, customary evidence of authorization with respect to each Loan Party, customary officer s certificates
of each Loan Party (provided that such certificate shall not include any representations or statement as to the absence (or existence)
of any default or event of default under the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation or a bring-down of representations
and warranties) and good standing certificates with respect to each Loan Party (to the extent such concept exists in the applicable
jurisdiction) in the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party, (iii) a solvency certificate substantially in the form of
  Exhibit D   to the Commitment Letter, and (iv) a customary borrowing notice (provided that such notice shall not
include any representations or statement as to the absence (or existence) of any default or event of default under the Senior Unsecured
Bridge Facility Documentation or a bring-down of representations and warranties) with respect to the initial borrowings under each
such Facility. 

5.           Financial
Statements . The Commitment Party shall have received (a) generally accepted accounting principles and practices in the
United States (   US GAAP   ) ( provided  that, in the case of the Borrower, such financial statements
for any period prior to 2015 may be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (   IFRS   )) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income/loss,
stockholders /changes in equity and cash flows of each of the Borrower and the Target for the three most recently completed
fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to the Closing Date (and the related audit reports), (b) US GAAP unaudited
consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income/loss, stockholders  equity/changes in equity and cash flows
of each of the Borrower and the Target for each subsequent fiscal quarter (other than the fourth quarter of any fiscal year) subsequent
to the last fiscal year for which financial statements were prepared pursuant to the preceding clause (a) and ended at least 45 days
prior to the Closing Date (and the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal year),  (c)  Associated
Auction Services, LLC s (   AAS   ) audited balance sheet as of December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2015
and audited statements of operations, members  equity and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and the year
ended December 31, 2014, including the notes thereto, and (d) Kruse Energy   Equipment Auctioneers, LLC s (   Kruse   )
audited balance sheet as of October 31, 2014 and the audited statements of income, changes in members  capital and cash flows
for the ten month period ended October 31, 2014, including the notes thereto;  provided  that, for the avoidance of doubt,
the Commitment Party acknowledges that it has received the information and documents required by clauses (c) and (d) of this Section
5.  

6.           Pro
Forma Financial Statements . The Commitment Party shall have received a  pro forma  consolidated balance sheet as of the
end of the most recently ended income statement of the Borrower for which financial statements have been provided pursuant to the
preceding Section 5 and related  pro forma  consolidated statements of income of the Borrower (i) for the most recently ended
fiscal year for which audited financial statements have been provided pursuant to the preceding Section 5, (ii) to the extent not
provided pursuant to clause (i), a  pro forma  statement of income of the Borrower for the trailing 12-month period ended
the date of the latest interim unaudited quarterly financial statements, if any, provided pursuant to the preceding Section 5 and,
(iii) for the subsequent interim periods for which unaudited financial statements have been provided pursuant to the preceding
Section 5, prepared after giving effect to the Transactions (and any other acquisitions of businesses for which financials statements
are being provided) as if they had occurred as of such date (in the case of such balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period
(in the case of such other financial statements). 

7.           KYC
Information . The applicable Agent shall have received, at least three business days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation
and other information about the Loan Parties required by regulatory authorities under applicable  know your customer 
and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, that has been reasonably requested
in writing by the Commitment Parties at least 10 business days prior to the Closing Date. 

8.           Senior
Unsecured Notes Offering Document . With respect to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility, the Borrower shall have engaged one
or more investment banks reasonably satisfactory to the Lead Arranger and the Bookrunner (collectively, the    Investment
Bank   ) to sell to or place the Senior Unsecured Notes or debt securities substantially similar to the Senior Unsecured
Notes that may be used to refinance the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and shall ensure that (a) the Investment Bank shall have
received a customary preliminary offering memorandum or preliminary private placement memorandum suitable containing all customary
information (other than the  description of the notes  and any information customarily provided by the Investment Bank
or its counsel) for use in a customary high-yield road show relating to the issuance of the Senior Unsecured Notes, including unaudited
interim financial statements of the Target and the Borrower and all appropriate pro forma financial statements of the Target with
respect thereto prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, US GAAP (provided that, in the case of the Borrower, such financial
statements for any period prior to 2015 may be prepared in accordance with IFRS) and prepared in accordance with the principles
of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, but, in each case, no more than the financial statements referred
to under the preceding Sections 5 or 6 above or derived therefrom, and all other data that would be necessary for the Investment
Bank to receive customary  comfort  (including  negative assurance  comfort) from independent accountants
to the Borrower, the Target, AAS and Kruse in connection with such offering (subject in each case to exceptions customary for Rule
144A offerings involving high-yield unsecured  private-for-life  debt securities, including exceptions for consolidating
financial statements, separate subsidiary financial statements and other financial statements required by Rule 3-09, Rule 3-10
or Rule 3-16 of Regulation S-X (provided that customary data as to the total assets, revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA or comparable
metrics (including on a pro forma basis giving effect to the Transactions) shall be included) or  segment reporting ,
Item 302 of Regulation S-K and Compensation Discussion and Analysis or other information required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K
under the Securities Act and the executive compensation and related person disclosure rules related to SEC Release No. 33-8732A,
34-54302A and IC-2744A and other information not customarily provided in an offering memorandum for a Rule 144A offering) (the
   Required Bond Information   ), and (b) the Investment Bank shall be afforded a marketing period following
the receipt of the Required Bond Information to seek to offer and sell or privately place the Senior Unsecured Notes of 15 consecutive
business days (the    Senior Unsecured Notes Marketing Period   );  provided  that (i) the Senior Unsecured
Notes Marketing Period shall commence no earlier than September 6, 2016, (ii) November 24, 2016 and November 25, 2016 shall not
be considered business days for the purposes of the Senior Unsecured Notes Marketing Period and (iii) if the Senior Unsecured Notes
Marketing Period has not ended prior to December 17, 2016, then such period shall not commence until on or after January 2, 2017. 

If Borrower shall in good faith reasonably
believe that the Borrower has delivered the Required Bond Information, the Borrower may (but shall not be obligated to) deliver
to the Investment Bank written notice to that effect (stating when the Borrower believes that the Borrower completed such delivery),
in which case the Borrower shall be deemed to have delivered the Required Bond Information on the date of such notice and the Senior
Unsecured Notes Marketing Period shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of such notice, in each case, unless the Investment
Bank in good faith reasonably believes that the Borrower has not completed delivery of the Required Bond Information and, within
two business days after its receipt of such notice from the Borrower, the Investment Bank delivers a written notice to the Borrower
to that effect (stating with specificity which information has not delivered). 

9.           Payment
of Fees and Expenses . All fees required to be paid by the Borrower on the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letters and the
Commitment Letter (including the Term Sheets) and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including legal fees and expenses) required
to be paid by the Borrower on the Closing Date pursuant to the Commitment Letter, to the extent invoiced at least two business
days prior to the Closing Date, shall, upon the initial borrowing of the applicable Facilities, have been paid, or will be substantially
simultaneously, paid (which amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Facilities). 

10.          Accuracy
of Representations . (i) The Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication
of any materiality qualifier set forth therein) to the extent required by the Certain Funds Provision; and (ii) the Purchase Agreement
Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects to the extent required by the Certain Funds Provision;  provided 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, this clause (ii) shall only be a condition to the extent that you have (or an affiliate of yours
has) the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate your (or its) obligations under the Purchase Agreement
or the right to decline to consummate the Acquisition (in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement) as
a result of the failure of such representations and warranties to be accurate. 

11.          Material
Adverse Change . There has not occurred a Material Adverse Change (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) since the date of the
Purchase Agreement. 

EXHIBIT D  

FORM OF SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE  

[____][__] , 20[__] 

This Solvency Certificate is being executed
and delivered pursuant to Section  [__]  of that certain  [ ]   4  
(the    Credit Agreement    the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined). 

I,  [______________] ,
a [________] of the Borrower (after giving effect to the Transactions), in such capacity only and not in an individual capacity
(and without personal liability), hereby certify on behalf of the Borrower as follows, in each case as of the date hereof: 

1.          The
sum of the debt and liabilities (subordinated, contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated
basis, does not exceed the fair value of the present assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis. 

2.          The
capital of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is not unreasonably small in relation to their business
as conducted or contemplated to be conducted on the date hereof. 

3.          The
present fair saleable value of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the total
amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, as
applicable, as they become absolute and matured. 

4.          The
Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, have not, incurred and do not intend to incur, or believe that they will
incur, debts or other liabilities, including current obligations, beyond their ability to pay such debts or other liabilities as
they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise). 

5.          For
purposes of this Solvency Certificate, the amount of any contingent liability has been computed as the amount that, in light of
all of the facts and circumstances existing as of the date hereof, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become
an actual or matured liability. 

6.          In
reaching the conclusions set forth in this Solvency Certificate, the undersigned has made such investigations and inquiries as
the undersigned has deemed appropriate to provide this Solvency Certificate. The undersigned is familiar with the finances and
assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

7.          The
undersigned acknowledges that the Agent and the Lenders are relying on the truth and accuracy of this Solvency Certificate in connection
with the Commitments and Loans under the Credit Agreement. 

4  
Describe the credit agreement to govern the Revolving Facility.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the undersigned has executed this Solvency Certificate in such undersigned s capacity as an officer of the Borrower, on behalf
of the Borrower, and not individually, on the date first written above. 

RITCHIE BROS. AUCTIONEERS    

INCORPORATED    

By:   

Name:    

Title: [Financial Officer]   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 v452443_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

Execution Version  

CONFIDENTIAL  

September 16, 2016 

Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated 

 9500 Glenlyon Parkway 

 Burnaby, British Columbia 

 Canada V5J 0C6 

$150.0
Million Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility   

   $850.0
Million Senior Unsecured Bridge Loan Facility   

   Amended
and Restated Commitment Letter   

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

You have advised Goldman Sachs Bank USA (acting
through such of its affiliates or branches as it deems appropriate,    Goldman Sachs   ), Royal Bank of Canada
(   RBC   ) and RBC Capital Markets  1  
(   RBCCM   , and together with RBC,    Royal Bank   , and Royal Bank together with
Goldman Sachs, the    Commitment Parties        or, as the case may be, the    Initial
Lenders   ,    we    or    us   ) that Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated,
a public company incorporated in Canada (the    Borrower    or    you   ), through
one of its direct or indirect subsidiaries Topaz Mergersub, Inc., a Delaware corporation (   MergerSub   ),
intends to acquire (the    Acquisition   ) all of the capital stock of IronPlanet Holdings, Inc. (the    Target   ).
You have further advised us that, in connection with the foregoing, you intend to consummate the Transactions (such term and each
other capitalized term used but not defined herein having the meaning assigned to such term in the Summary of Principal Terms and
Conditions attached hereto as   Exhibit A   (the    RCF Term Sheet   ) and in the Summary
of Principal Terms and Conditions attached hereto as   Exhibit B   (together with the RCF Term Sheet, the    Term
Sheets   )). 

You have further advised us that, in connection
therewith, the Borrower (a) may enter into the Revolving Facility (as defined in   Exhibit A  ) in an initial aggregate
principal amount of up to $150.0 million (as such amount may be reduced as set forth in Exhibit A) and (b)(i) will issue senior
unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to $850.0 million (the    Senior Unsecured Notes   )
pursuant to a Rule 144A/Regulation S private placement or (ii) if all or any portion of the Senior Unsecured Notes are not issued
on or prior to the Closing Date (as defined below), will incur the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility (as defined in   Exhibit
B  ) in an aggregate principal amount of up to $850.0 million  less  the sum of (x) the gross cash proceeds received
from Senior Unsecured Notes or Takeout Indebtedness (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter referred to below) issued on or prior to
the Closing Date and (y) the net cash proceeds from outstanding borrowings by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing
Date under commercial bank or other credit facilities (excluding any working capital financings of any foreign subsidiaries and
after giving effect to the Refinancing and any other repayments of indebtedness occurring on the Closing Date) in excess of $30.0
million (such borrowings, the    Replacement Loans   ). The Revolving Facility, together with the Senior
Unsecured Bridge Facility, are defined as the    Facilities   . 

1  
RBC Capital Markets is a brand name for the capital markets businesses of Royal Bank of Canada and its affiliates. 

This amended and restated commitment letter
(together with the exhibits attached hereto, this    Commitment Letter   ) amends and supersedes that certain
commitment letter dated as of August 29, 2016 and delivered by you on such date, by and between Goldman Sachs and you. 

1.    Commitments.    

In connection with the foregoing, each of Goldman
Sachs and RBC is pleased to advise you of its several and not joint commitment to provide 70% and 30%, respectively, of the principal
amount of each of the Facilities, upon the terms set forth in this commitment letter (including the Term Sheets and other attachments
hereto, this    Commitment Letter   ) and subject solely to the applicable conditions set forth in Section
6 hereof. 

2.    Titles and Roles.    

It is agreed that (a) each of Goldman Sachs
and RBC will act as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers (in such capacities, as applicable, the    Lead Arrangers   
or the    Bookrunners   ) for the Facilities, (b) Goldman Sachs will act as the sole administrative agent
for both the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility (in such capacity, the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Agent   )
and for the Revolving Facility (in such capacity, the    RCF Agent    together with the Senior Unsecured
Bridge Agent, the    Administrative Agents   , and each an    Administrative Agent   )
and (c) Goldman Sachs will act as the sole collateral agent for the Revolving Facility (in such capacity, the    Collateral
Agent    together with the Administrative Agents, the    Agents    and each an    Agent   );
in each case upon the terms set forth in this Commitment Letter and subject solely to the applicable conditions set forth in Section
6 hereof. We, in such capacities, will perform the duties and exercise the authority customarily performed and exercised by us
in such roles. 

You agree that (a) Goldman Sachs will have
 left side  designation and shall appear on the top left of any Information Materials (as defined below) and all other
offering or marketing materials in respect of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility and the Revolving Facility and (b) RBC will
have placement immediately to the right of Goldman Sachs in any Information Materials and all other offering or marketing materials
in respect of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility and the Revolving Facility. 

You agree that no other titles will be awarded
and no compensation (other than that expressly contemplated by this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters referred to below) will
be paid to any Lender (as defined below) in order to obtain its commitment to participate in the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility
or the Revolving Facility unless you and we shall so agree. 

3.    Syndication.    

The Lead Arrangers reserve the right, prior
to and/or after the execution of definitive documentation for the Facilities (the    Facilities Documentation   )
to syndicate all or a portion of the Initial Lenders  commitments with respect to the Facilities to a group of banks, financial
institutions and other institutional lenders (together with the Initial Lenders, the    Lenders   )
identified by us in consultation with you and reasonably acceptable to you with respect to both the identity of such Lender and
the amount of such Lender s commitments (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);  provided  that (a)
we will not syndicate our commitments to (i) certain banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders that have been
specified to us by you in writing by name prior to the date hereof, (ii) those persons who are competitors of the Borrower
and its subsidiaries or of the Target and its subsidiaries that are separately identified in writing by you to us by name (or,
after the Closing Date, to the applicable Administrative Agent) from time to time, and (iii) in the case of each of clauses (i)
and (ii), any of their affiliates (other than any bona fide debt funds) that are either (x) identified in writing by you from
time to time or (y) clearly identifiable on the basis of such affiliates  names (the persons referred to in clauses (i),
(ii) and (iii) above, collectively,    Disqualified Lenders   ), and (b) notwithstanding the right of the
Initial Lenders to syndicate the Facilities and receive commitments with respect thereto, except as expressly provided in Section
9 hereof in respect of assignments among Goldman Sachs and Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC, (i) the Initial Lenders shall
not be relieved, released or novated from their obligations hereunder (including the obligation to fund the applicable Facility
if all applicable conditions thereto have been satisfied on the date of the consummation of the Acquisition with the proceeds of
the initial funding under the Facilities (the date of such funding, the    Closing Date   )) in connection
with any syndication, assignment or participation of the Facilities, including our commitments in respect thereof, until after
the Closing Date has occurred, (ii) no assignment or novation by the Initial Lenders shall become effective as between you
and the Initial Lenders with respect to all or any portion of the Initial Lenders  commitments in respect of the Facilities
until the initial funding of the Facilities has occurred and (iii) unless you otherwise agree in writing, the Initial Lenders shall
retain exclusive control over all rights and obligations with respect to their respective commitments in respect of each of the
Facilities, including all rights with respect to satisfaction with closing conditions, consents, modifications, supplements, waivers
and amendments, until the Closing Date has occurred. 

Without limiting
your obligations to assist with syndication efforts as set forth herein, it is understood that the Initial Lenders  commitments
hereunder are not conditioned upon the syndication of, or receipt of commitments in respect of, the Facilities and in no event
shall successful completion of syndication of the Facilities constitute a condition to the availability of the Facilities on the
Closing Date. We intend to commence syndication efforts promptly upon the execution of this Commitment Letter, and you agree to
actively assist us in completing a syndication reasonably satisfactory to you and us until the earlier of (x) 45 days after the
Closing Date and (y) the date on which the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates hold no more than $0 of the Senior
Unsecured Bridge Facility and the Commitment Parties determine that the Revolving Facility has been successfully syndicated (such
earlier date, the    Syndication Date   ). Such assistance shall include (a) your using commercially reasonable
efforts to ensure that any syndication efforts benefit from your existing lending and investment banking relationships, (b) direct
contact between appropriate members of senior management, representatives and advisors of you (and using your commercially reasonable
efforts to arrange direct contact between appropriate members of senior management, representatives and advisors of the Target)
and the proposed Lenders, in all such cases at times and locations mutually agreed upon, (c) assistance by you (and using
your commercially reasonable efforts to arrange direct contact between appropriate members of senior management, representatives
and advisors of the Target) in the preparation of a customary confidential information memorandum and a customary lender presentation
for each of the Facilities and other customary marketing materials and presentations reasonably requested by us in connection with
the syndication (the    Information Materials   ), (d) your providing or causing to be provided customary
financial information and projections (the    Projections   ) for you and your subsidiaries and the
Target and its subsidiaries and the transactions contemplated hereby, (e) your preparing and providing (and using commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Target to provide) to the Commitment Parties all other customary and reasonably available information
reasonably requested and deemed necessary by the Lead Arrangers to complete such syndication with respect to you and the Target
and each of your and its respective subsidiaries and the Transactions, (f) using your commercially reasonable efforts to procure
at your expense, prior to the launch of syndication, a public corporate credit rating from Standard   Poor s Ratings
Service (   S P   ) and a public corporate family rating from Moody s Investors Service, Inc. (   Moody s   ),
in each case with respect to the Borrower after giving effect to the Transactions, and public ratings for the Senior Unsecured
Notes from each of S P and Moody s (it being understood that, in each case, no specific ratings need to be obtained),
(g) the hosting, with the Lead Arrangers, of a reasonable number of general meetings of prospective Lenders at mutually agreed
times and venues (and any additional meetings which may be held by one or more conference calls with prospective Lenders to the
extent necessary) and (h) (i) until the Syndication Date, ensuring that you and your subsidiaries will not have (and using
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Target and its subsidiaries will not have) any issues of debt securities or
commercial bank or other credit facilities (other than (1) the Senior Unsecured Notes or any Takeout Indebtedness issued or incurred
in lieu of the Senior Unsecured Notes, (2) (a) the Facilities or (b) up to $1.0 billion in aggregate commitments under other revolving
credit or term loan A facilities (with greater than nominal scheduled amortization payments) to be entered into in lieu of the
entire Revolving Facility (which may also provide a portion of the financing for the Acquisition and the other Transactions);  provided 
that the aggregate amount of borrowings under any such facilities under this clause (b) on the Closing Date shall not exceed $350
million (the facilities entered into under this paragraph (2)(b), the    Alternate Facilities   ), (3) any
other indebtedness of the Target or any of its subsidiaries permitted to be incurred pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and (4)
indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business, including any extensions of credit under the Existing Debt (as defined
in   Exhibit A  )   and any other existing revolving credit facilities of the Borrower,
the Target or any of their respective subsidiaries, being announced, offered, placed or arranged without the consent of the Commitment
Parties (not to be unreasonably withheld), if such issuance, offering, placement or arrangement could reasonably be expected to
impair the primary syndication of the Facilities (it being understood that deferred purchase price obligations and ordinary course
capital lease, purchase money and equipment financings shall be permitted). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
in this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters or any other letter agreement or undertaking concerning the financing of the Transactions
to the contrary, none of the receipt of ratings referred to in clause (f) above nor the commencement, conduct or completion of
such syndication shall constitute a condition to the commitments hereunder or the availability or funding of the Facilities on
the Closing Date.   For the avoidance of doubt, you will not be required
to provide any information to the extent that the provision thereof would violate any law, rule or regulation, or any obligation
of confidentiality binding upon (so long as such obligations are not entered into in contemplation of this Commitment Letter),
or waive any privilege that may be asserted by, you, the Target or any of your or their respective subsidiaries or affiliates (in
which case you agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to have any such confidentiality obligation waived, and otherwise in
all instances, to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation, promptly notify us that information
is being withheld pursuant to this sentence).  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the only financial statements
that shall be required to be provided to the Commitment Parties in connection with the syndication of the Facilities shall be those
required to be delivered pursuant to paragraphs 5 and 6 of   Exhibit C  .  

You agree, at the request of any of the Commitment
Parties, to assist in the preparation of a version of the Information Materials to be used in connection with the syndication of
the Facilities, consisting exclusively of information and documentation that is (i) of a type that would be publicly available
if the Borrower (after giving effect to the Acquisition) and the Target were public reporting companies (as reasonably determined
by you), (ii) publicly available or (iii) not material with respect to the Borrower, the Target or its respective subsidiaries
or any of their respective securities for purposes of foreign, United States Federal and state securities laws (all such Information
Materials being    Public Lender Information   , and Lenders that do not wish to receive information other
than Public Lender Information, each, a    Public Lender   )). Any information and documentation that is
not Public Lender Information is referred to herein as    Private Lender Information    and any Lender that
is not a Public Lender is each referred to herein as a    Private Lender   . The information (to the extent
customarily included in a confidential information memorandum for a credit facility substantially similar to the Revolving Facility)
to be included in the additional version of the Information Materials for Public Lenders will be substantially consistent with
the information included in any offering memorandum for the offering for the Senior Unsecured Notes. Before distribution of any
Information Materials to prospective Lenders (other than the Initial Lenders), you agree to execute and deliver to the Commitment
Parties, (i) to the extent reasonably requested by the Commitment Parties, a customary letter in which you authorize distribution
of the Information Materials to Lenders willing to receive Private Lender Information and (ii) a separate customary letter
in which you authorize distribution of Information Materials containing solely Public Lender Information and represent that such
Information Materials do not contain any Private Lender Information, which letter shall in each case include a customary  10b-5 
representation substantially identical to the representations in Section 4 below (which representations shall not be qualified
by knowledge). Each version of the Information Materials shall (i) exculpate you, the Target and your and its respective affiliates
with respect to any liability related to the misuse of such Information Materials or any related marketing materials by the recipients
thereof and (ii) exculpate us and our respective affiliates with respect to any liability related to the use or misuse of such
Information Materials or any related marketing materials by the recipients thereof. 

You further agree, (a) at the request
of the Commitment Parties, to use your commercially reasonable efforts to identify Public Lender Information by clearly and conspicuously
designating the same as  PUBLIC  and (b) the Commitment Parties shall be entitled to treat any Information Materials
that are not specifically identified as  PUBLIC  as being Private Lender Information. You acknowledge that the following
documents contain solely Public Lender Information (unless you notify us prior to their intended distribution that any such document
contains Private Lender Information) (provided, that such documents have been provided to you and your counsel for review a reasonable
period of time prior thereto): (i) drafts and final copies of the Facilities Documentation, including term sheets; (ii) administrative
materials prepared by the Commitment Partis for prospective Lenders (such as a lender meeting invitation, bank allocation, if any,
and funding and closing memoranda); and (iii) notification of changes in the terms of the Facilities. If you advise us in writing
(including by e-mail) that any of the foregoing items should be distributed only to Private Lenders, then the Lead Arrangers will
not distribute such materials to Public Lenders without your consent. We shall be entitled to treat any Information Materials that
are not specifically identified as  PUBLIC  as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated
 Public Lenders  to which Public Lenders do not have access. 

The Lead Arrangers will manage all aspects
of any syndication in consultation with you, including decisions as to the selection of institutions to be approached (excluding
Disqualified Lenders) and when they will be approached, when their commitments will be accepted, which institutions will participate
(excluding Disqualified Lenders), the allocation of the commitments among the Lenders, any naming rights and the amount and distribution
of fees among the Lenders. 

4.    Information.    

You hereby represent and warrant that (in the
case of information regarding the Target and its subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date, to your knowledge), (a) all written information
(other than the Projections and other than information of a general economic, forward-looking or industry-specific nature) (the    Information   )
that has been or will be made available to the Initial Lenders by or on behalf of you, the Target or any of your or its respective
representatives, when taken as a whole, is or will be, when furnished, complete and correct in all material respects and does not
or will not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements are
made (after giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto) and (b) the Projections that have been or will be prepared
by or on behalf of you and made available to the Initial Lenders by or on behalf of you or any of your representatives have been
or will be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions that are believed by you to be reasonable at the time made and at the
time the related Projections are made available to the Initial Lenders (it being understood that the Projections are subject to
significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond your control, and that no assurance can be given that any
particular Projections will be realized and variances from the Projections may be material). In arranging and syndicating the Facilities,
we will be entitled to use and rely on the Information and the Projections without responsibility for independent verification
thereof. 

As consideration for the Initial Lenders 
commitments hereunder, and our agreements to perform the services described herein, you agree to pay to the Agents, the Lead Arrangers
and the Initial Lenders the fees set forth in this Commitment Letter (including the Term Sheets), in that certain amended and restated
Joint Fee Letter dated the date hereof and delivered herewith with respect to the Facilities (the    Joint Fee Letter   ),
and in that certain amended and restated Agency Fee Letter dated the date hereof and delivered herewith with respect to the Facilities
(the    Agency Fee Letter   , and together with the Joint Fee Letter, the    Fee Letters   ). 

6.    Conditions Precedent.    

The Initial Lenders  commitments hereunder
to fund the Facilities on the Closing Date, and the Commitment Parties  and each Agent s agreement to perform the services
described herein, are subject solely to the applicable conditions set forth in   Exhibit C   hereto, and upon satisfaction
(or waiver by the Commitment Parties) of such conditions, the initial funding of the Facilities shall occur (except to the extent
the amount of the gross proceeds of Senior Unsecured Notes or Takeout Securities or Replacement Loans, to the extent Senior Unsecured
Notes or Takeout Securities are issued or any Replacement Loans are incurred in lieu of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility or
a portion thereof); it being understood that there are no conditions (implied or otherwise) to the commitments hereunder, including
compliance with the terms of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters and the Facilities Documentation, other than those that are
expressly stated in   Exhibit C   hereto. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Commitment
Letter (including each of the exhibits hereto), the Fee Letters or the Facilities Documentation or any other agreement or undertaking
related to the Facilities to the contrary, (a) the only representations and warranties, the accuracy of which shall be a condition
to the availability of the Facilities on the Closing Date, shall be (i) such of the representations and warranties made by
the Target in the Purchase Agreement as are material to the interests of the Lenders, but only to the extent that you have (or
an affiliate of yours has) the right (taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate your (or its) obligations
under the Purchase Agreement as a result of the failure of such representations and warranties to be accurate or the right to decline
to consummate the Acquisition (in each case, in accordance with the terms thereof) due to the failure of such representations and
warranties to be accurate (the    Purchase Agreement Representations   ) and (ii) the Specified
Representations (as defined below) and (b) the terms of the Facilities Documentation shall be in a form such that they do
not impair the availability of the Facilities on the Closing Date if the applicable conditions set forth in   Exhibit C   to
this Commitment Letter are satisfied or waived by the Initial Lenders (it being understood that (A) other than with respect
to any UCC Filing Collateral or Stock Certificates (each as defined below), to the extent any Collateral (as defined in   Exhibit A  )
is not or cannot be delivered, or a security interest in any Collateral cannot be perfected, on the Closing Date after your use
of commercially reasonable efforts to do so, the delivery of, or perfection of a security interest in, such Collateral shall not
constitute a condition precedent to the availability of the Revolving Facility on the Closing Date, but such Collateral shall instead
be required to be delivered, or a security interest in such Collateral perfected, within 90 days after the Closing Date (or
such later date as mutually agreed by you and the Commitment Parties) (subject to extensions reasonably agreed to by the RCF Agent)
(other than, in the case of the Target and its applicable subsidiaries, with respect to any such certificate that has not been
made available to you at least two (2) business days prior to the Closing Date, to the extent you have used commercially reasonable
efforts to procure delivery thereof, in which case, such stock or equivalent certificate may instead be delivered within two (2)
business days after the Closing Date), (B) with respect to perfection of security interests in UCC Filing Collateral, your
sole obligation shall be to deliver, or cause to be delivered, necessary Uniform Commercial Code (   UCC   )
or Personal Property Security Act of the applicable provinces of Canada (   PPSA   ) financing statements
to the RCF Agent in proper form for filing in the relevant US state or commonwealth UCC filing office(s) or other similar Canadian
filing office and to authorize and to cause the applicable grantor to authorize the RCF Agent to file such UCC or PPSA financing
statements and (C) with respect to perfection of security interests in Stock Certificates, your sole obligation shall be to
deliver to the RCF Agent or its legal counsel Stock Certificates together with undated stock powers executed in blank). For purposes
hereof, (1)    UCC Filing Collateral    means Collateral consisting of assets of the Borrower, the Target
and its respective applicable subsidiaries for which a security interest can be perfected by filing a UCC or PPSA financing statement,
(2)    Stock Certificates    means Collateral consisting of stock certificates representing capital
stock or other equity interests of the Target and its material, wholly-owned subsidiaries and the other material, wholly-owned
Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower organized under the laws of any state, province or other political subdivision of the United
States of America or Canada that is required as Collateral pursuant to the RCF Term Sheet and delivery of which is sufficient to
perfect a security interest therein and, in the case of Stock Certificates of the Target and its subsidiaries, which have been
delivered to you under the Purchase Agreement, and (3)    Specified Representations    means the representations
and warranties of the Target and the Borrower to be set forth in the applicable Facilities Documentation relating to corporate
or other organizational existence, organizational power and authority, due authorization, execution and delivery, in each case
only as they relate to the entering into and performance of the applicable Facilities Documentation; the enforceability of the
applicable Facilities Documentation; Federal Reserve margin regulations; use of proceeds not in violation of the PATRIOT Act (as
defined below), the U.S. Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (   OFAC   ) regulations and the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the    FCPA   ); use of proceeds not in violation of the United Nations
Act (Canada) (   UNA   ), the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) (   CFPOA   ),
Part II.1 of the Criminal Code (Canada) (   Criminal Code   ) and the Special Economic Measures Act (Canada)
(   SEMA   ) and other applicable anti-terrorism, anti-money laundering and anti-corruption laws; the Investment
Company Act; no conflicts between the applicable Facilities Documentation and the organizational documents of the Target, the Borrower
and each of their respective applicable subsidiaries (in each case, only as they relate to the entering into and performance of
the applicable Facilities Documentation); solvency of Borrower and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of the Closing Date
(defined in a manner consistent with the form of solvency certificate attached hereto as   Exhibit D  ); and, solely
in the case of the Revolving Facility and subject to permitted liens and the limitations set forth in the prior sentence, creation,
validity and perfection of security interests. This paragraph, and the provisions herein, shall be referred to as the    Certain
Funds Provision   . Without limiting the conditions precedent provided herein to funding the consummation of the Acquisition
with the proceeds of the Facilities, the Commitment Parties will cooperate with you as reasonably requested in coordinating the
timing and procedures for the funding of the Facilities in a manner consistent with the Purchase Agreement. 

7.    Indemnification; Expenses.    

You agree: 

(a) to indemnify and hold harmless each
Commitment Party and its affiliates and its and its affiliates  respective officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors,
representatives, controlling persons and members, partners and successors and permitted assigns (other than any Excluded Affiliate)
(each a    Representative   ) of each of the foregoing (each, an    Indemnified Person   ),
from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses, joint or several, to which any such Indemnified
Person may become subject arising out of or in connection with this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters, the Purchase Agreement,
the Transactions, the Facilities or any other transactions related to the foregoing or any claim, litigation, investigation or
proceeding (each, an    Action   ) relating to any of the foregoing, regardless of whether any such
Indemnified Person is a party to such Action (and regardless of whether such Action is initiated by a third party, the Borrower,
the Target or any of its respective affiliates or equity holders), and to reimburse each such Indemnified Person, promptly upon
receipt of a written request therefor together with customary backup documentation in reasonable detail, for any reasonable legal
or other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending any such Action (limited to one counsel
for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken
as a whole in each relevant material jurisdiction (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions)
and, solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest between Indemnified Persons where the Indemnified Persons
affected by such conflict inform you of such conflict, one additional counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction to each group
of affected Indemnified Persons similarly situated, taken as a whole);  provided  that the foregoing indemnity will not, as
to any Indemnified Person, apply to losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses to the extent they are found in a
final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from (i) the willful misconduct, bad
faith or gross negligence of such Indemnified Person or any Representative of such Indemnified Person, (ii) a material breach of
the obligations of such Indemnified Person or any such Indemnified Person s affiliates under this Commitment Letter, the
Fee Letters or the Facilities Documentation or (iii) any Action that is brought by an Indemnified Person against any other
Indemnified Person (other than any Action against an arranger, bookrunner or agent under the Facilities acting in its capacity
as such or any claims arising out of an act or omission on the part of you or any of your respective affiliates) ( provided ,
that each Indemnified Person agrees (by accepting the benefits hereof) to refund and return any and all amounts paid by you to
such Indemnified Person to the extent such Indemnified Person is not entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with any
of the foregoing items described in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) occurs). 

(b) whether or not the Transactions are
consummated or the Closing Date occurs, to reimburse each Commitment Party after receipt of a written request together with customary
backup documentation in reasonable detail, for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including, but not limited to, (i) expenses
of each Commitment Party s due diligence investigation, (ii) syndication expenses, (iii) travel expenses and (iv) fees, disbursements
and other charges of one counsel to the Commitment Parties identified in the Term Sheets, and, if necessary, of a single local
counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)) for all
Indemnified Persons, taken as a whole, incurred solely in connection with the Facilities and the preparation and negotiation of
this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters, the Facilities Documentation and any related definitive documentation (collectively, the
   Expenses   );  provided  that, without limiting clause (a) above, if the Closing Date (as defined
in the Joint Fee Letter) does not occur, you shall not be obligated to reimburse the Commitment Parties in respect of legal fees
and expenses pursuant to this clause (b) in excess of $500,000. 

You shall not be liable for any settlement
of any Action effected without your prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), but, if settled
with your prior written consent or if there is a final judgment in any such Action, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless each
Indemnified Person from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses by reason of such settlement
or final judgment in accordance with this Section 7. You shall not, without the prior written consent of an Indemnified Person
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed in the case of any third-party Action), effect any settlement of any
Action in respect of which indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person unless such settlement (x) includes
an unconditional release of such Indemnified Person from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such Actions and
(y) does not include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of such
Indemnified Person. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Indemnified Person shall be obligated to refund or return any and all amounts
paid by you under this Section 7 to such Indemnified Person for any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses to the extent
such Indemnified Person is not entitled to payment of such amounts in accordance with the terms hereof. 

You agree that, notwithstanding any other provision
of this Commitment Letter, none of we or you or any Indemnified Person, the Target, or any of its respective subsidiaries, shall
have any liability for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (including, without limitation any loss of profits,
business or anticipated savings) in connection with this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters, the Transactions (including the Facilities
and the use of proceeds thereunder), or with respect to any activities related to the Facilities, including the preparation of
this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters and the Facilities Documentation;  provided  that nothing contained in this paragraph
shall limit your indemnity and reimbursement obligations to the extent such indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages
are included in any third-party claim with respect to which the applicable Indemnified Person is entitled to indemnification under
the first paragraph of this Section 7. 

You acknowledge that we may receive a future
benefit on matters unrelated to this matter, including, without limitation, discount, credit or other accommodation, from any of
such counsel based on the fees such counsel may receive on account of their relationship with us, including without limitation
fees paid pursuant hereto (it being understood and agreed that, in no event, shall the Expenses include items in respect of any
unrelated matter or otherwise be increased as a result of such counsel s representation of us on another matter or on account
of our relationship with such counsel). 

8.    Sharing Information; Absence of Fiduciary Relationship; Affiliate Activities.    

Consistent with the Commitment Parties 
policies to hold in confidence the affairs of their customers, the Commitment Parties will not furnish confidential information
obtained from you by virtue of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter or their other relationships with you to
other companies. You acknowledge that we do not have any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Commitment Letter, or to furnish to you, confidential information obtained by us or any of our respective affiliates from
other companies. The Commitment Parties may have economic interests that conflict with yours or those of your equity holders or
affiliates. You further acknowledge and agree that (a) no fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship between you and the Commitment
Parties or their respective affiliates is intended to be or has been created in respect of any of the transactions contemplated
by this Commitment Letter (or the Fee Letters, including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder or thereunder), irrespective
of whether the Commitment Parties or their respective affiliates have advised or are advising you on other matters, (b) the transactions
contemplated by this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder)
are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates, on the one hand,
and you, on the other hand, that does not directly or indirectly give rise to, nor do you rely on, any fiduciary duty on the part
of the Commitment Parties or their respective affiliates, (c) you are capable of evaluating and understanding, and you understand
and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter, (d) you have been
advised that the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates are engaged in a broad range of transactions that may involve
interests that differ from your interests and that the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates have no obligation to
disclose such interests and transactions to you by virtue of any fiduciary, advisory or agency relationship and (e) you waive,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims you may have against the Commitment Parties or their respective affiliates for
breach of fiduciary duty or alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agree that the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates
shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to you in respect of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting
a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of you, including your stockholders, employees or creditors, in each case in connection
with the Transactions. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that the Commitment Parties are not advising you as to any legal,
tax, investment, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction (including, without limitation, with respect to any consents
needed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby). You shall consult with your own advisors concerning such matters
to the extent you deem appropriate and shall be responsible for making your own independent investigation and appraisal of the
transactions contemplated hereby (including, without limitation, with respect to any consents needed in connection therewith),
and the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates shall have no responsibility or liability to you with respect thereto.
Any review by the Commitment Parties or their respective affiliates of the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries, the Target, the
Transactions, the other transactions contemplated hereby or other matters relating to such transactions will be performed solely
for the benefit of the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates and shall not be on behalf of you or any of your affiliates. 

You further acknowledge that the Commitment
Parties and their respective affiliates are full-service securities firms engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities
as well as providing investment banking and other financial services, including to other companies in respect of which you may
have conflicting interests. In the ordinary course of business, the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates may provide
investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for their own accounts and the accounts of customers,
equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of you, the Borrower,
the Target and other companies with which you, the Borrower, or the Target may have commercial or other relationships. Although
the Commitment Parties in the course of such other activities and relationships may acquire information about the transactions
contemplated by this Commitment Letter or other entities and persons that may be the subject of the financing contemplated by this
Commitment Letter, the Commitment Parties shall have no obligation to disclose such information, or the fact that such Commitment
Parties is in possession of such information, to you or any of your affiliates or to use such information on your or your affiliates 
behalf. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by the Commitment Parties and their respective affiliates
or any of their customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will
be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. 

As you know, Goldman Sachs has been retained
by the Borrower (or one of its affiliates) as financial advisor (in such capacity, the    Financial Advisor   )
in connection with the Acquisition and the Transactions. You have agreed to such retention, and further agree not to assert any
claim you might allege based on any actual or potential conflicts of interest that might be asserted to arise or result from the
engagement of the Financial Advisor, on the one hand, and our and our affiliates  relationships with you as described and
referred to herein, on the other.   Each other Commitment Parties hereto acknowledges (i) the retention of Goldman Sachs as
the Financial Advisor and (ii) that such relationship does not create any fiduciary duties or fiduciary responsibilities to such
Commitment Parties on the part of Goldman Sachs or its affiliates. 

9.    Assignments; Amendments; Governing Law, Etc.    

This Commitment Letter and the commitments
hereunder shall not be assignable by any party hereto (other than by any Initial Lender to any of its affiliates) without the prior
written consent of the other parties hereto (and any attempted assignment without such consent shall be null and void), is intended
to be solely for the benefit of the parties hereto (and Indemnified Persons), and is not intended to confer any benefits upon,
or create any rights in favor of, any person other than the parties hereto (and Indemnified Persons). Any and all obligations of,
and services to be provided by, us hereunder (including, without limitation, the Initial Lenders  commitments) may be performed
and any and all of our rights hereunder may be exercised by or through any of our respective affiliates or branches and, in connection
with such performance or exercise, we may exchange with such affiliates or branches information concerning you and your affiliates
that may be the subject of the transactions contemplated hereby and, to the extent so employed, such affiliates and branches shall
be entitled to the benefits afforded to us hereunder;  provided  that nothing in this Commitment Letter shall relieve us of
any of our obligations hereunder except as expressly provided in Section 2 or 3 above and (y) notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth herein, we may assign our commitment and agreements hereunder, in whole or in part, to Goldman Sachs Lending
Partners LLC and our commitments and agreements hereunder may be performed by or through Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC. This
Commitment Letter may not be amended or any provision hereof waived or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by us
and you. 

This Commitment Letter may be executed in any
number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Commitment Letter by facsimile or other electronic transmission
shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference
only, are not part of this Commitment Letter and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting,
this Commitment Letter. 

You acknowledge that information and documents
relating to the Facilities may be transmitted through SyndTrak, Intralinks, the Internet, e-mail or similar electronic transmission
systems, and that the Commitment Parties shall not be liable for any damages arising from the unauthorized use by others of information
or documents transmitted in such manner except to the extent such damages are found in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of the Commitment Parties.
This Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters supersede all prior understandings, whether written or oral, between you and us with
respect to the Facilities. 

Each of the parties hereto agrees that (i)
this Commitment Letter is a binding and enforceable agreement (subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors  rights generally and general principles of equity
(whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law)) with respect to the subject matter contained herein, including an agreement
to negotiate in good faith the Facilities Documentation by the parties hereto in a manner consistent with this Commitment Letter,
it being acknowledged and agreed that the funding of the Facilities is subject only to the applicable conditions precedent set
forth in   Exhibit C   hereto and (ii) each of the Fee Letters is a binding and enforceable agreement (subject to the
effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors 
rights generally and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or law)) of the parties thereto
with respect to the subject matter set forth therein. 

This
Commitment Letter and any claim, controversy or dispute arising under or related to this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters (including,
without limitation, any claims sounding in contract law or tort law arising out of the subject matter hereof) shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York;      provided, however , that (a) the
interpretation of the definition of Material Adverse Change (as defined in   Exhibit C   hereto) (and whether or not
a Material Adverse Change has occurred), (b) the determination of the accuracy of any Purchase Agreement Representations and whether
as a result of any inaccuracy of any Purchase Agreement Representations you have (or an affiliate of yours has) the right (taking
into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate your (or its) obligations under the Purchase Agreement as a result of
the failure of such representations to be accurate or the right to decline to consummate the Acquisition due to the failure of
such representations to be accurate and (c) the determination of whether the Acquisition has been consummated in accordance with
the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall, in each case, be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, the
internal laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the
State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the
State of Delaware. 

Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally (a) submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or
Federal court of the United States of America sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City, and any appellate court from
any thereof, in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, and agrees that all claims in respect of any such suit, action or proceeding may be heard and determined
only in such New York State court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court, (b) waives, to the fullest extent
it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action
or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters or the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby in any such New York State court or in any such Federal court, (c) waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit, action or proceeding in any such court and (d) agrees
that a final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by
suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. The Borrower shall provide evidence that it has appointed Corporation
Service Company at 80 State Street, Albany, NY, 12207-2543 as its agent for service of process for the purpose of the submission
to jurisdiction as set forth above. Service of any process, summons, notice or document by registered mail addressed to you at
the address above shall be effective service of process against you for any suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court.
 To the extent that the Borrower has or hereafter may acquire any immunity (sovereign or otherwise) from jurisdiction of any
court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution,
execution or otherwise) with respect to itself or its property, the Borrower irrevocably waives (to the extent permitted by applicable
law) such immunity in respect of its obligations hereunder.  

Each of the parties hereto
irrevocably waives the right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding, claim or counterclaim brought by or on behalf of any party
related to or arising out of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters or the performance of services hereunder or thereunder. 

This Commitment
Letter is delivered to you on the understanding that none of this Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters or any of their terms or substance,
nor the activities of the Commitment Parties pursuant hereto, shall be disclosed, directly or indirectly, to any other person except
(a) your affiliates and the officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants or advisors of you or any such affiliate on
a confidential basis, (b)   pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency in any
pending legal or administrative proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law or stock exchange requirement or compulsory
legal process (in which case you agree to inform us promptly thereof to the extent lawfully permitted to do so), (c) if the
Commitment Parties consent in writing to such proposed disclosure, (d) the Term Sheets and the existence of this Commitment Letter
(but not this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters) may be disclosed to any rating agency in connection with the Transactions,
or (e) in connection with the enforcement of your rights hereunder;  provided  that you may disclose (i) this Commitment Letter
and the contents hereof to the Target and each of its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants, agents and advisors
involved in the consideration of the Transactions on a confidential basis and to equity investors involved in the consideration
of the Transactions on a confidential basis; (ii) the Fee Letters, to the extent the Fee Letters has been redacted with respect
to the fee amounts and the pricing and other economic terms of the  Market Flex  provisions to the Target and its officers,
directors, employees, attorneys, accountants, agents and advisors involved in the consideration of the Transactions, on a confidential
basis; (iii) the aggregate fee amounts contained in the Fee Letters as part of Projections,  pro forma  information or a generic
disclosure of aggregate sources and uses related to fee amounts related to the Transactions to the Target and its respective officers,
directors, employees, attorneys, accountants and advisors involved in the consideration of the Transactions, on a confidential
basis, or to the extent customary or required in offering and marketing materials for the Facilities or the Senior Unsecured Notes
or Takeout Securities or in any public filing relating to the Transactions; (iv) the Term Sheets and the other exhibits and annexes
to this Commitment Letter in any syndication of the Facilities or other marketing efforts for debt to be used to finance the Transactions;
and (v) you may disclose this Commitment Letter (but not the Fee Letters) and its contents in any proxy statement or other public
filing relating to the Acquisition. We agree that we will permit you to review and approve (such approval not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed) any reference to you or any of your respective affiliates in connection with the Facilities or the transactions
contemplated hereby contained in any press release or similar written disclosure prior to public release. The obligations under
this paragraph with respect to this Commitment Letter shall terminate automatically after the Facilities Documentation has been
executed and delivered by the parties thereto to the extent superseded thereby.  To the extent not earlier terminated, the
provisions of this paragraph with respect to this Commitment Letter shall automatically terminate on the second anniversary of
the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Agency Fee Letter may not be disclosed to any other party without the prior
consent of Goldman Sachs.  

We and our affiliates will use all confidential
information provided to us or such affiliates by or on behalf of you hereunder (including any information obtained by us or our
affiliates based on a review of the books and records relating to you or the Target or any of your or its respective subsidiaries
or affiliates) or in connection with the Acquisition and the related Transactions solely for the purpose of providing the services
which are the subject of this Commitment Letter and shall treat confidentially all such information and shall not publish, disclose
or otherwise divulge, such information;  provided  that nothing herein shall prevent us and our affiliates from disclosing
any such information (a) pursuant to the order of any court or administrative agency or in any pending legal, judicial or administrative
proceeding, or otherwise as required by applicable law or compulsory legal process based on the advice of counsel (in which case
we agree (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any governmental or bank regulatory
authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, to inform
you promptly thereof prior to disclosure), (b) upon the request or demand of any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory
authority) having jurisdiction over us or any of our affiliates (in which case we agree (except with respect to any audit or examination
conducted by bank accountants or any governmental or bank regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority),
to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law, to inform you promptly thereof prior to disclosure), (c) to the
extent that such information becomes publicly available other than by reason of improper disclosure by us or any of our affiliates
or Representatives in violation of any confidentiality obligations owing to you, the Target or any of your or its respective affiliates
(including those set forth in this paragraph), (d) to the extent that such information is received by us from a third party that
is not, to our knowledge, subject to contractual or fiduciary confidentiality obligations owing to you or any of your or its respective
affiliates or related parties, (e) to the extent that such information is independently developed by us, (f) to our affiliates
and to our and its respective employees, legal counsel, independent auditors, professionals and other experts or agents who need
to know such information in connection with the Transactions and who are informed of the confidential nature of such information
and have been advised of their obligation to keep information of this type confidential, (g) in the case of the Term Sheets,
or marketing term sheets based substantially on the Term Sheets, to ratings agencies in connection with obtaining ratings for the
Borrower and the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility or the Senior Unsecured Notes or to potential or prospective Lenders (other than
any Disqualified Lenders), participants or assignees and to any direct or indirect contractual counterparty to any swap or derivative
transaction relating to the Borrower or any of its subsidiaries or their respective obligations, in each case who agree to be bound
by the terms of this paragraph (or language substantially similar to this paragraph); (h) to the extent you have consented to such
disclosure, (i) for purposes of establishing a  due diligence  defense or in connection with any remedy or enforcement
of any right hereunder or under the Fee Letters, or (j) to the extent necessary or customary for inclusion in league table measurement;
 provided ,  further , that the disclosure of any such information to any Lenders or prospective Lenders or participants
or prospective participants referred to above shall be made subject to the acknowledgment and acceptance by such Lender or prospective
Lender or participant or prospective participant that such information is being disseminated on a confidential basis (on substantially
the terms set forth in this paragraph or as is otherwise reasonably acceptable to you and us, including, without limitation, as
agreed in any Information Materials or other marketing materials) in accordance with customary syndication processes and customary
market standards for dissemination of such type of information. In addition, each Commitment Party may disclose the existence of
the Facilities and the information about the Facilities contained in the Term Sheets in customary fashion to market data collectors,
similar services providers to the lending industry, and service providers to any other Commitment Party in connection with the
administration and management of the Facilities. Our and our affiliates  obligations under this paragraph shall terminate
automatically and be superseded by the confidentiality provisions in the Facilities Documentation upon the Closing Date;  provided ,
 further , that if the Closing Date does not occur, this paragraph shall automatically terminate on the second anniversary
hereof. Neither the Commitment Parties nor any of their affiliates will use confidential information obtained from you by virtue
of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter or their other relationships with you in connection with the performance
by it of services for other persons. 

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
you (and any of your employees, representatives or other agents) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any
kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters and all
materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it relating to such tax treatment and tax
structure, except that (i) tax treatment and tax structure shall not include the identity of any existing or future party
(or any affiliate of such party) to this Commitment Letter or the Fee Letters and (ii) no party shall disclose any information
relating to such tax treatment and tax structure to the extent nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable
securities laws. For this purpose, the tax treatment of the transactions contemplated by this Commitment Letter and the Fee Letters
is the purported or claimed U.S. Federal income tax treatment of such transactions and the tax structure of such transactions is
any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed U.S. Federal income tax treatment of such transactions. 

13.    Surviving Provisions.    

The reimbursement, indemnification, confidentiality
(to the extent provided above), syndication, information, jurisdiction, governing law, venue and waiver of jury trial provisions
contained herein, in the Fee Letters and the provisions of Section 8 of this Commitment Letter shall remain in full force and effect
regardless of whether the Facilities Documentation shall be executed and delivered and (other than in the case of the syndication
provisions) notwithstanding the termination of this Commitment Letter or the Initial Lenders  commitments hereunder and our
agreements to perform the services described herein;  provided  that your obligations under this Commitment Letter, other
than those relating to confidentiality and to the syndication of the Facilities, shall automatically terminate and be superseded
by the corresponding provisions of the Facilities Documentation (with respect to indemnification, reimbursement and confidentiality,
to the extent covered thereby) upon the initial funding under the Facilities and the payment of all amounts owing at such time
hereunder and under the Fee Letters, and you shall be released from all liability in connection therewith at such time. 

14.    PATRIOT Act Notification.    

We hereby notify you that, pursuant to the
requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) (the    PATRIOT
Act   ), each of us and each Lender is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the borrower
and each guarantor of the Facilities, which information includes the name, address, tax identification number and other information
regarding the borrower and each guarantor of the Facilities that will allow us or such Lender to identify each borrower and each
guarantor of the Facilities in accordance with the PATRIOT Act. This notice is given in accordance with the requirements of the
PATRIOT Act and is effective as to each of us and each Lender. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we shall be permitted to share
any or all such information with the Lenders. 

15.    Acceptance and Termination.    

If the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement
with you, please indicate your acceptance of the terms of this Commitment Letter and of the Fee Letters by returning to Goldman
Sachs executed counterparts hereof and of the Fee Letter not later than 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on September 16, 2016.
The Initial Lenders  commitments hereunder, and the Commitment Parties  agreements to perform the services described
herein, will expire automatically and without further action or notice and without further obligation to you at such time in the
event Goldman Sachs has not received such executed counterparts in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence. This Commitment
Letter will become a binding commitment on the Commitment Parties only after it has been duly executed and delivered by you in
accordance with the first sentence of this Section 15. In the event that the Closing Date does not occur on or prior to the
earliest to occur of (x) the date that is five business days following the End Date (as defined in the Purchase Agreement
dated as of August 29, 2016), (y) the termination of the Purchase Agreement in accordance with its terms in the event the Acquisition
is not consummated and (z) the consummation of the Acquisition (with or without the funding of the Facilities), then this Commitment
Letter and the commitments of the Initial Lenders hereunder, and the Commitment Parties  agreements to perform the services
described herein, shall automatically terminate without further action or notice and without further obligation to you unless the
Commitment Parties shall, in their discretion, agree to an extension in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent you
obtain commitments under any Alternate Facility, you shall promptly notify us and the entire commitment under the Revolving Facility
will be terminated. You shall have the right to terminate this Commitment Letter and the commitments of the Lenders hereunder (in
whole or in part) at any time upon written notice to them from you, subject to your surviving obligations as set forth in Section
13 of this Commitment Letter and in the Fee Letters. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 15 to the contrary, the termination
of any commitment pursuant to this Section 15 does not prejudice your or our rights and remedies in respect of any breach
of this Commitment Letter that occurred prior to such termination. 

[ Signature page follows. ] 

We are pleased to have been given the opportunity to assist you
in connection with the financing for the Acquisition. 

Very truly yours,   

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA    

By:  
      /s/ Thomas M. Manning   

Name: Thomas M. Manning   

Title: Authorized Signatory   

[Signature page to Commitment
Letter] 

We are pleased to have been given the opportunity to assist you
in connection with the financing for the Acquisition. 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA   

By:  
      /s/ James S. Wolfe   

Name: James S. Wolfe   

Title: Managing Director, Head of Global Leveraged Finance   

[Signature page to Commitment Letter] 

We are pleased to have been given the opportunity to assist you
in connection with the financing for the Acquisition. 

Accepted and agreed to as of 

 the date first above written: 

RITCHIE BROS. AUCTIONEERS INCORPORATED   

By:   
      /s/ Sharon Driscoll  

Name: Sharon Driscoll  

Title: Chief Financial Officer  

[Signature page to Commitment Letter] 

EXHIBIT A  

$150.0
Million Revolving Credit Facility   

   Summary
of Principal Terms and Conditions  2     

Borrower:   
      Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated, a public company incorporated in Canada (the    Borrower   ).   

Transactions:   
     
         The Borrower, through one of its direct or
        indirect subsidiaries, intends to acquire (the    Acquisition   ) the Target pursuant to an Agreement and
        Plan of Merger (together with all exhibits, schedules and annexes thereto, the    Purchase Agreement   )
        dated as of August 29, 2016 among the Borrower, MergerSub, the Target and Fortis Advisors LLC as representative for the Indemnifying
        Security-Holders referred to therein. 
           
         In connection with the Acquisition: 
           
         (a) on or before the Closing Date, (i) the
        Borrower s existing revolving credit facility governed by that certain (x) Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as
        of May 31, 2013, as amended (the    BofA Credit Agreement   ), among Bank of America, N.A. as the lender,
        the additional revolving borrowers party thereto, and the other lenders and parties thereto and (y) Credit Agreement, dated as
        of September 27, 2013, as amended, amended and restated and/or supplemented from time to time, among U.S. Bank National Association
        as the lender, the Borrower and the other parties thereto, will, in each case, be repaid in full, and all commitments thereunder
        will be terminated and all security interests (if any) relating thereto shall be released, (ii) the Borrower s existing notes
        governed by that certain Second Amended and Restated Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of November 14, 2014, as amended (the    Shelf
        Agreement   ), the Borrower, the co-obligors party thereto and the purchasers from time to time party thereto, will
        be repaid in full, and the Shelf Agreement will be terminated and (iii) to the extent that any other committed or uncommitted revolving
        credit facility (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the uncommitted credit facility dated as of December 20, 2012, as amended,
        amended and restated and/or supplemented from time to time, by and among ING Bank N.V. as the lender, the Borrower and the other
        parties thereto) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined below) (the    Existing Cash Management
        Facilities   ) would prohibit the Transactions on the Closing Date, such revolving credit facility will be repaid in
        full, and all commitments thereunder will be terminated and all security interests (if any) relating thereto shall be released
        (all indebtedness referred to in this clause (a), the    Borrower s     Existing Debt   );   

2  
All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Commitment Letter to which this term sheet
(the    RCF Term Sheet   ) is attached,   Exhibit B   ,  the annexes to   Exhibit A   or
  Exhibit B   or the other exhibits thereto. In the event any such capitalized term is subject to multiple and differing
definitions, the appropriate meaning thereof for purposes of this   Exhibit A   shall be determined by reference to the
context in which it is used. 

(b) the Borrower may obtain the senior secured
        revolving credit facility described below under the caption  Revolving Facility  
           
         (c) either (i) the Borrower will issue the
        Senior Unsecured Notes in a Rule 144A / Regulation S offering or other private placement or issue Takeout Securities or incur Replacement
        Loans in an aggregate principal amount of $850.0 million or (ii) if all or any portion of the Senior Unsecured Notes or Takeout
        Indebtedness are not issued or Replacement Loans are not incurred, the Borrower will obtain the senior unsecured bridge loan facility
        (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility   ) described under the caption  Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility 
        in   Exhibit B   to the Commitment Letter to which this Term Sheet is attached; 
           
         (d) the Acquisition will be consummated on
        the Closing Date and the Target will become a subsidiary of the Borrower; 
           
         (e) the existing indebtedness for borrowed
        money of the Target and its subsidiaries under the Target s existing credit facility governed by that certain Credit Agreement,
        dated as of September 16, 2015, as amended (   Target s Existing Debt    and, together with the Borrower s
        Existing Debt, the    Existing Debt   ) will be repaid (and all liens with respect thereto shall have been
        terminated and released) (such transactions, together with the transactions referred to in paragraph (a) above, the    Refinancing   );
        and 
           
         (f) fees and expenses incurred in connection
        with the foregoing (the    Transaction Costs   ) will be paid. The Acquisition, the Refinancing, the Facilities,
        the offering of the Senior Unsecured Notes and the other transactions described in this paragraph are collectively referred to
        herein as the    Transactions   .   

Administrative Agent:   
      Goldman Sachs, acting through one or more of its branches or affiliates, will act as sole administrative agent (in such capacity, the    RCF Agent   ) for a syndicate of banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders reasonably acceptable to the Borrower (together with the Initial Lenders holding Revolving Commitments (as defined below), the    Revolving Lenders   ) and will perform the duties customarily associated with such role.   

Collateral Agent:   
      Goldman Sachs, acting through one or more of its branches or affiliates, will act as the collateral agent (in such capacity, the    Collateral Agent   ) for the Revolving Lenders and will perform the duties customarily associated with such role.   

Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners   
      The Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners (each as defined in the Commitment Letter) will act as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, respectively, for the Revolving Facility and will perform the duties customarily associated with such roles.   

Revolving Facility:   
      A senior secured revolving credit facility (the    Revolving Facility    the commitments to fund the loans thereunder, the    Revolving Commitments   ) made available to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount of $150.0 million under which Borrower may borrow loans from time to time (the loans thereunder, together with Swingline Loans referred to below, the    Revolving Loans   ), and an amount to be mutually agreed of which will be available through a sub-facility of the Revolving Facility (as further increased from time to time as provided under the section titled  Commitment Increase  below, the    Letter of Credit Cap   ) in the form of Letters of Credit (as defined below) for the account of Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries subject to availability as described under the heading  Availability and Amounts  below;  provided  that the Revolving Commitments under the Revolving Facility on the Closing Date shall be reduced by (i) any commitments made available under the Revolving Facility entered into upon an Escrow Securities Demand (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter) prior to the Closing Date and (ii) any commitments under any Existing Cash Management Facilities that remain outstanding on the Closing Date (unless the obligations in respect of such commitments are not secured by any security interest on any assets of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries);  provided further  that a portion of the Revolving Facility to be mutually agreed may be made available in Canadian Dollars, British Pounds Sterling, Euros and Australian Dollars, in each case, subject to sublimits to be mutually agreed (each a    Permitted Foreign Currency   ).   

Swingline Loans:   
     
         In connection with the Revolving Facility,
        the RCF Agent (in such capacity, the    Swingline Lender   ) will make available to the Borrower, upon same-day
        notice, a swingline facility under which the Borrower may make short-term borrowings in U.S. dollars only of up to an aggregate
        amount to be mutually agreed upon. Except for purposes of calculating the commitment fee described in  Annex I  hereto, such
        swingline borrowings will reduce availability under the Revolving Facility on a dollar-for-dollar basis. 
           
         Defaulting Lender provisions will be consistent
        with the RCF Credit Documentation (as defined below).   

Commitment Increase:   
      The Borrower shall have the right to solicit existing Revolving Lenders or prospective lenders who are eligible assignees reasonably acceptable to the RCF Agent and the Issuing Banks (as defined below) to provide additional revolving loan commitments under the Revolving Facility (a    Commitment Increase   ) in an aggregate amount not to exceed an amount to be agreed and on such other terms and conditions to be mutually agreed.    

Purpose:   
                
      The proceeds of Revolving Loans will be used by the Borrower from time to time for general corporate purposes after the Closing Date;  provided  that the amount of Revolving Loans permitted to be incurred on the Closing Date shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in the  Availability and Amounts  section below.   

Availability and Amounts:   
     
         From and after the Closing Date, Revolving
        Loans under the Revolving Facility (exclusive of Letter of Credit usage) will be available at any time prior to the final maturity
        of the Revolving Facility, in minimum principal amounts and upon notice to be mutually agreed upon;  provided  that Revolving
        Loans made on the Closing Date will be limited to an amount sufficient to, at the option of the Borrower, (i) pay consideration
        under the Purchase Agreement, (ii) pay Transaction Costs and/or (iii) backstop, replace or cash collateralize letters of credit
        outstanding on the Closing Date;  provided  that the aggregate amount of Revolving Loans drawn under the Revolving Facility
        on the Closing Date shall not exceed $30 million (the    Closing Date Draw Amount   );  provided further 
        that the Commitment Parties  commitments to provide Revolving Commitments under the Revolving Facility on the Closing Date
        shall be reduced by (i) any commitments made under the Revolving Facility entered into pursuant to an Escrow Securities Demand
        prior to the Closing Date and (ii) any commitments under any Existing Cash Management Facilities that remain outstanding on the
        Closing Date (unless the obligations in respect of such commitments are not secured by any security interest on any assets of the
        Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries). 
           
         Subject to customary terms and conditions to
        be mutually agreed, the Borrower and/or a Local Borrowing Subsidiary (to be defined in a manner mutually agreed) may borrow Revolving
        Loans (or, in the sole discretion of the relevant Local Lender (as defined below), bankers  acceptances) in U.S. dollars
        or a Permitted Foreign Currency from affiliates of the RCF Agent (or, if such affiliates of the RCF Agent decline to act as a Local
        Lender, such other financial institutions reasonably acceptable to the RCF Agent) (each, a    Local Lender   ),
        with each Revolving Lender taking a U.S. dollar-denominated irrevocable and unconditional participating interest therein (amounts
        available under this facility, the    Local Loan Subfacility    and the loans thereunder, the    Local
        Loans   ).   

The Local Loan Subfacility shall include terms no less favorable to the Borrower than such corresponding terms under the Existing Revolving Facility and shall address the structure and operating requirements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries after giving effect to the Acquisition.   

Interest Rates and Fees:   
      As set forth on   Annex I   hereto.   

Default Rate:   
      The applicable interest rate plus 2.0% per annum payable on overdue amounts only.   

Final Maturity:   
      The Revolving Facility will mature and the Revolving Commitments thereunder will terminate on the date that is 5 years after the Closing Date;  provided  that the RCF Credit Documentation shall provide the right for individual Revolving Lenders to agree to extend the maturity date of all or a portion of the commitments and outstanding loans under the Revolving Facility upon the request of the Borrower and without the consent of any other Revolving Lender; it being understood that each Revolving Lender shall have the opportunity to participate in such extension on the same terms and conditions as each other Revolving Lender (it being understood that no existing Revolving Lender will have any obligation to commit to any such extension);  provided ,  further , that any such extension, without limitation, may, subject to the Borrower s consent, contain an increase in the interest rate payable with respect to such extended loans and commitments, with such extensions not subject to any  default stoppers , financial tests or  most favored nation  pricing provisions.   

Letters of Credit:   
      Letters of credit under the Revolving Facility (   Letters of Credit   ) will be issued by the RCF Agent and other Revolving Lenders acceptable to the Borrower and the RCF Agent that shall have consented to such role (each, an    Issuing Bank   );  provided  that, no Revolving Lender as of the Closing Date shall be required to issue Letters of Credit in excess of its ratable share of the Letters of Credit sublimit (determined based on its ratable share of the Revolving Commitments as of the Closing Date);  provided   further , that Goldman Sachs (or its affiliates) shall only be required to issue standby Letters of Credit denominated in U.S. dollars or a Permitted Foreign Currency and shall not be required to issue any documentary, commercial or trade Letters of Credit.  Letters of Credit will be denominated in U.S. Dollars or a Permitted Foreign Currency.  Each Letter of Credit shall expire not later than the earlier of (a) 12 months after its date of issuance and (b) unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank and the RCF Agent have been entered into, the fifth business day prior to the final maturity of the Revolving Facility;  provided ,  however , that any Letter of Credit may provide for renewal thereof for additional periods of up to 12 months or such longer period as may be agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it (which in no event shall extend beyond the date referred to in clause (b) above, unless cash collateralized or backstopped in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such Issuing Bank).  

Drawings under any Letter of Credit shall be
        reimbursed by the Borrower within one business day after notice of such drawing is received by the Borrower from the applicable
        Issuing Bank. To the extent that the Borrower does not reimburse such Issuing Bank on such day, the Revolving Lenders under the
        Revolving Facility shall be irrevocably obligated to reimburse such Issuing Bank  pro rata  based upon their respective Revolving
        Commitments in the currency in which the applicable Letter of Credit is denominated. 
           
         The issuance of all Letters of Credit shall
        be subject to the customary procedures of the applicable Issuing Bank.  

Guarantees:   
      All obligations of the Borrower under the Revolving Facility (collectively, the    Obligations   ) (including, at the option of the Borrower, all obligations of any Loan Party (as defined below) under any currency, interest rate protection or other hedging arrangements (the    Secured Hedging Obligations   ) and any cash management arrangements (the    Secured Cash Management Obligations   ), in each case entered into with the RCF Agent, the Lead Arrangers, a Revolving Lender or an affiliate of any of the foregoing at the time such transaction is entered into) (other than any obligation of any Loan Party to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a  swap  within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act (a    Swap   ) will be unconditionally guaranteed (the    Guarantees   ) by (x) the Borrower (other than with respect to its own obligations) and (y) each of the Borrower s existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct or indirect wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiaries (as defined below), other than any Excluded Subsidiaries (the entities described in the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), the    Guarantors    and, together with the Borrower, the    Loan Parties   );  provided  that Guarantors shall not include (unless at the option of the Borrower, such subsidiary is designated as a Guarantor by the Borrower) (a) Unrestricted Subsidiaries, (b) immaterial subsidiaries (to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed), (c) any subsidiary that is prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation or by any contractual obligation existing on the Closing Date (or, if later, the date it becomes a Restricted Subsidiary), and not created in contemplation hereof or of such subsidiary becoming a Restricted Subsidiary, from guaranteeing the Revolving Facility or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a Guarantee unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, (d) subsidiaries that are not wholly owned, (e) not-for-profit subsidiaries, (f) captive insurance subsidiaries, (g) special purpose entities in connection with permitted receivables securitizations or (h) any subsidiaries organized outside the United States or Canada (the    Excluded Subsidiaries   ).   

The Borrower may, at its option, cause any
        subsidiary that is not otherwise required to become a Guarantor to become a Guarantor. 
           
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) subsidiaries
        may be excluded from the guarantee requirements in circumstances where the Borrower and the RCF Agent reasonably agree that the
        cost or material tax consequences of providing such a guarantee is excessive in relation to the value afforded thereby and (B)
        the Guarantees shall be subject to general statutory and common law limitations, including, in the case of Guarantors organized
        under the laws of the United States or a jurisdiction thereof, fraudulent transfer restrictions (it being understood that such
        restrictions shall be addressed only by customary savings clauses). 
           
         For purposes of the RCF Credit Documentation,
           Restricted Subsidiary    means any existing and future direct or indirect subsidiary of the Borrower other
        than any Unrestricted Subsidiary (as defined below).   

Security:   
     
         Subject in all respects to the Certain
Funds Provision, the Obligations (including, at the option of the Borrower, the Secured Hedging Obligations and Secured Cash Management
Obligations) will be secured by perfected first-priority security interests in substantially (i) all personal property of the
respective Loan Party to the extent consisting of accounts receivable, credit card receivables, loans receivable, other receivables,
tax refunds, inventory, cash, cash equivalents, securities and deposit accounts (subject to exceptions for Excluded Accounts (as
defined below)), and other assets in such accounts, commercial tort claims, general intangibles related to the foregoing (including
rights under customer lease agreements and other customer contracts, but excluding capital stock and intellectual property), payment
intangibles, rights to business interruption insurance, intellectual property to the extent attached to or necessary to sell the
foregoing, insurance policies related to the foregoing, chattel paper, documents and supporting obligations, and books and records
to the extent related to the foregoing, in each case, whether owned on the Closing Date or thereafter acquired (and any proceeds
and products thereof in whatever form received), and (ii) all now owned or hereafter acquired personal property and real property
of the respective Loan Party, including without limitation, with respect to obligations of the Loan Parties, a pledge of the capital
stock of each Restricted Subsidiary directly held by each Loan Party (clauses (i) and (ii) together, the    Collateral   ),
in each case other than Excluded Assets (as defined below).    

All the above-described pledges, security interests
        and mortgages shall be created on terms consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles, and none of the Collateral shall
        be subject to any other liens (except for permitted liens). 
           
         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the
        Collateral shall exclude the following: (i) (x) any fee-owned real property located outside of the United States or Canada, (y)
        any fee-owned real property with a fair market value less than $15 million (with all required mortgages being permitted to be delivered
        after the Closing Date) and (z) all real property leasehold interests (and there will be no requirements to deliver landlord lien
        waivers, bailee letters, estoppels or collateral access letters), (ii) motor vehicles and other assets subject to certificates
        of title, (iii) letter of credit rights (other than to the extent such rights can be perfected by filing a UCC or a PPSA financing
        statement) and commercial tort claims below a threshold to be mutually agreed, (iv)  margin stock  (within the meaning
        of Regulation U) and pledges and security interests prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation or agreements with any
        governmental authority or which would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization to
        provide such security interest unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received, in each case, after giving
        effect to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC or PPSA or other applicable law, (v) equity interests in any
        entities other than wholly-owned subsidiaries to the extent not permitted by the terms of such entity s organizational or
        joint venture documents, (vi) deposit accounts, securities accounts, commodities accounts, and other similar accounts (A) for the
        sole purpose of funding payroll obligations, employee benefit or health benefit obligations, tax obligations, escrow arrangements
        or holding funds owned by persons other than a Loan Party, (B) that are zero-balance accounts, (C) that are accounts in jurisdictions
        other than in the jurisdiction of organization of the applicable granting Loan Party, the United States or any state thereof or
        Canada or any province or territory thereof, (D) qualifying under exceptions consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles,
        or (E) that are accounts other than those described in the preceding clauses (A) through (D) with respect to which the average
        daily balance of the funds maintained on deposit therein does not exceed an amount consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation
        Principles (   Excluded Accounts   ) (vii) any lease, license or other agreement or any property subject
        to a purchase money security interest, capital lease obligation, or other arrangement to the extent that a grant of a security
        interest therein would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement, purchase money, capital lease obligation, or other
        arrangement or create a right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than a Loan Party) after giving effect
        to the applicable anti-assignment provisions of the UCC, PPSA or other applicable law, other than proceeds and receivables thereof,
        the assignment of which is expressly deemed effective under the UCC, the PPSA or other applicable law notwithstanding such prohibition,
        (viii) those assets as to which the RCF Agent and the Borrower reasonably agree that the cost or material tax consequences
        of providing or obtaining such a security interest or perfection thereof are excessive in relation to the benefit to the Revolving
        Lenders of the security to be afforded thereby, (ix) receivables and related assets sold to any receivables subsidiary or
        otherwise pledged in connection with any permitted receivables securitizations, (x) equity interests in immaterial subsidiaries
        (or any person that is not a subsidiary which, if a subsidiary would constitute an immaterial subsidiary), captive insurance subsidiaries,
        not-for-profit subsidiaries, special purpose entities in connection with permitted receivables securitizations and Unrestricted
        Subsidiaries, (xi) intellectual property requiring filing in a jurisdiction outside of the United States or Canada, (xii) any intent-to-use
        trademark application prior to the filing of a  Statement of Use  or  Amendment to Allege Use  with respect
        thereto, to the extent, if any, that, and solely during the period, if any, in which, the grant of a security interest therein
        would impair the validity or enforceability of such intent-to-use trademark application under applicable U.S. federal law, (xiii)
        equity interests in Cura Classis (US) Hold Co LLC, Cura Classis Canada (Hold Co) Inc., and Cura Classis UK (Hold Co) Limited and
        (xiv) other exceptions to be mutually agreed upon (the foregoing described in clauses (i) through (xiv) are, collectively,
        the    Excluded Assets   ).   

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no
        Loan Party shall be required, nor shall the RCF Agent be authorized, to (i) perfect the above-described pledges, security interests
        and mortgages by any means other than by (A)(1) filings pursuant to the UCC or the PPSA in the office of the secretary of
        state (or similar central filing office) of the relevant State(s) or provinces or territories and (2) filings in the applicable
        real estate records with respect to real properties included in the Collateral or any fixtures relating to such properties, (B) filings
        in the USPTO and/or USCO and/or comparable Canadian filing office, as applicable, with respect to intellectual property as expressly
        required in the RCF Credit Documentation, and (C) delivery to the RCF Agent of all Stock Certificates, intercompany notes and other
        instruments and tangible chattel paper (in the case of instruments and tangible chattel paper, to the extent such intercompany
        note or other instrument or tangible chattel paper is in an amount in excess of an amount consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation
        Principles) to be held in its possession, in each case as expressly required in the RCF Credit Documentation, (ii) enter into
        any control agreement with respect to any Excluded Account or any other deposit account, securities account or commodities account,
        (iii) take any action (other than the actions listed in clause (A)(1), (B), and (C) above) with respect to any assets located
        outside of the United States or Canada, or (iv) to take any actions in any jurisdiction other than the United States or Canada
        (or any political subdivision thereof) or enter into any collateral documents governed by the laws of any jurisdiction (other than
        the United States or Canada or any political subdivision thereof) (the foregoing described in clauses (i) through (iv) are,
        collectively, the    Excluded Perfection Requirements   ). 
           
         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
        herein, the above requirements under  Security  shall be, as of the Closing Date, subject to the Certain Funds Provision
        set forth in the Commitment Letter. 
           
         Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Collateral
        shall be subject to, in the case of Loan Parties organized under the laws of the United States or a jurisdiction thereof, fraudulent
        transfer restrictions (it being understood that such restrictions shall be addressed only by customary savings clauses).   

Mandatory Prepayments:   
      Limited to the following: If the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding at such time and (y) the aggregate Letter of Credit exposure of the Revolving Lender at such time shall exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments at such time (after giving effect to any concurrent termination or reduction thereof), the Borrower will promptly after receiving written notice from the RCF Agent of such excess, at the Borrower s option: (i) prepay Revolving Loans (without premium or penalty) and/or (ii) cash collateralize the Letter of Credit exposure, in the aggregate amount of such excess.   

Voluntary Commitment Reductions
        and Prepayments:   
            
      Voluntary reductions of the unutilized portion of the Revolving Commitments and prepayments of borrowings under the Revolving Facility will be permitted at any time, in minimum principal amounts to be mutually agreed, subject to customary notice requirements and without premium or penalty (subject to customary reimbursement of the Revolving Lender s redeployment costs (other than lost profits) in the case of a prepayment of Adjusted LIBOR borrowings other than on the last day of the relevant interest period).    

Unrestricted Subsidiaries:   
      The RCF Credit Documentation will contain provisions pursuant to which, subject to limitations on loans, advances, guarantees and other investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries (but no other limitations), the Borrower will be permitted to designate any existing or subsequently acquired or organized subsidiary as an  Unrestricted Subsidiary  and subsequently re-designate any such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, after giving effect to any such designation or re-designation, (a) any such designation as a  Restricted Subsidiary  shall constitute the incurrence at the time of designation of any indebtedness or liens of such subsidiary existing at such time, (b) the fair market value of such subsidiary at the time it is designated as an  Unrestricted Subsidiary  shall be treated as an investment by the Borrower at such time, which is permitted under the RCF Credit Documentation, (c) no Restricted Subsidiary may be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary if it was previously designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, (d) giving effect to any such designation as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (but not in connection with any re-designation as a Restricted Subsidiary), the resultant investment is otherwise permitted by the investment covenant described under  Negative Covenants  below, and (e) each subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary under the Senior Unsecured Notes or Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility (if applicable) shall not be designated as an  Unrestricted Subsidiary  under the Revolving Facility (if applicable) unless it is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary under the Senior Unsecured Notes or Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility substantially contemporaneously therewith. Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be subject to the guarantee requirements, representations and warranties, affirmative or negative covenants, events of default or other provisions of the RCF Credit Documentation and the results of operations and indebtedness of Unrestricted Subsidiaries will not be taken into account for purposes of determining compliance with the financial ratio tests except to the extent of distributions received therefrom.   

Documentation:   
      The definitive documentation for the Revolving Facility (the    RCF Credit Documentation   ) will be documented under a single credit agreement, will contain the terms set forth in this   Exhibit A   and   Exhibit C  , and to the extent not covered by this   Exhibit A   and   Exhibit C  , will be substantially consistent with a precedent to be mutually agreed, with changes and modifications that give due regard to (a) the operational and strategic requirements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries in light of their size, capital structure, industries, businesses, business practices, jurisdiction of incorporation and related currency and other provisions and (b) qualifications, thresholds, exceptions,  baskets  and grace and cure periods shall be as mutually agreed; provided that the RCF Credit Documentation shall contain only those conditions to borrowing, mandatory prepayments, representations and warranties, covenants (affirmative, negative and financial) and events of default expressly set forth in this RCF Term Sheet, in each case, applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (collectively, for purposes of this   Exhibit A  , the    RCF Credit Documentation Principles   ). The RCF Credit Documentation will be negotiated in good faith within a reasonable time period to be determined based on the expected Closing Date and shall be subject in all respects to the Certain Funds Provision.   

For purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA
        (as defined below), the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, and the Total Net Leverage Ratio (each of the foregoing to be defined in
        a manner to be mutually agreed, but in any event the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio and the Total Net Leverage Ratio (i) shall include
        netting of all cash and cash equivalents and (ii) will only include debt for borrowed money and capital lease obligations and all
        amounts drawn (and unreimbursed) under outstanding Letters of Credit in the numerator),  pro forma  effect will be given to
        acquisitions and other investments, material dispositions and certain other specified transactions. 
           
            Consolidated EBITDA   
        to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed, with adjustments to include, without limitation and without duplication, the following: 
           
         (i)   expected
        cost savings, operating expense reductions, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies related to the Transactions projected
        by the Borrower in good faith to result from actions with respect to which substantial steps have been, will be, or are expected
        to be, realizable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) within 18 months after the Closing Date, which are reasonably
        identifiable and factually supportable;  provided  that amounts added-back for any period pursuant to this clause (i), together
        with amounts added back pursuant to clause (ii), shall not exceed 20% of EBITDA for such period (calculated prior to giving effect
        to such adjustments);   

(ii)   expected
        cost savings, operating expense reductions, restructuring charges and expenses and synergies related to mergers and other business
        combinations, acquisitions, divestitures, restructuring, cost savings initiatives which are reasonably identifiable and factually
        supportable and other similar initiatives and projected by the Borrower in good faith to result from actions with respect to which
        substantial steps have been, will be, or are expected to be, realizable (in the good faith determination of the Borrower) within
        18 months after such transaction or initiative is consummated;  provided  that amounts added-back for any period pursuant
        to this clause (ii), together with amounts added back pursuant to clause (i), shall not exceed 20% of EBITDA for such period (calculated
        prior to giving effect to such adjustments); 
           
         (iii)   non-cash
        losses, charges and expenses (including non-cash compensation charges); 
           
         (iv)   extraordinary,
        unusual or non-recurring losses, charges and expenses; 
           
         (v)   cash
        restructuring and related charges and business optimization expenses; 
           
         (vi)   unrealized
        gains and losses due to foreign exchange adjustments (including, without limitation, losses and expenses in connection with currency
        and exchange rate fluctuations); 
           
         (vii)   costs
        and expenses in connection with the Transactions; 
           
         (viii)  expenses
        or charges related to any equity offering, permitted investment, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or incurrence of permitted
        indebtedness (whether or not consummated), including non-operating or non-recurring professional fees, costs and expenses related
        thereto; 
           
         (ix)   interest,
        taxes, amortization, depreciation and other add-backs consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles; and 
           
         (x)   losses
        from discontinued operations and non-ordinary course asset sales. 
           
         The RCF Credit Documentation will contain language
        to address the European Union bail-in rules in customary form.   

Representations and Warranties:   
     
         Applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted
        Subsidiaries and limited to the following with respect to the RCF Credit Documentation: corporate or other organizational status
        and power; authorization and non-contravention with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of the RCF Credit Documentation,
        legal, valid and binding documentation and no consents or governmental authorizations with respect to the execution, delivery and
        performance of the RCF Credit Documentation; accuracy of financial statements and disclosures, confidential information memorandum
        and other information and good faith financial forecasts; no Material Adverse Effect (as defined below); absence of material litigation;
        with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of the RCF Credit Documentation, no material violation of, or conflicts
        with, law or material agreements; compliance with laws (including ERISA and Canadian pension standards legislation, margin regulations,
        laws applicable to sanctioned persons, OFAC, SEMA, the FCPA, CFPOA, the Criminal Code and other anti-corruption, anti-terrorism
        and anti-money laundering laws); payment of taxes; ownership of properties; Intellectual Property; inapplicability of the Investment
        Company Act; solvency as of the Closing Date of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis defined in a manner consistent
        with   Exhibit D   to the Commitment Letter; labor matters (including pensions); environmental laws and other regulatory
        matters; validity and perfection of security interests in the Collateral; insurance; use of proceeds; it being understood that
        representations and warranties shall in no event be a condition to the availability of any Facility on the Closing Date in a manner
        that is inconsistent with the Certain Funds Provision. 
           
            Material Adverse Effect   
        means (a) a material adverse effect on the business, assets, financial condition or results of operations of the Borrower and its
        Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (b) a material and adverse effect on the rights and remedies of the RCF Agent and the
        Revolving Lenders, taken as a whole, under the RCF Credit Documentation or (c) a material and adverse effect on the ability of
        the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform their payment obligations under the RCF Credit Documentation.   

Conditions Precedent to Initial Borrowing:   
      The initial borrowing under the Revolving Facility on the Closing Date will be subject solely to the applicable conditions precedent set forth in   Exhibit C   to the Commitment Letter.   

Conditions Precedent to Borrowings After the Closing Date:   
      All of the representations and warranties in the RCF Credit Documentation shall be true and correct in all material respects (but in all respects if such representation or warranty is qualified by  material  or  Material Adverse Effect ); no default or event of default shall be continuing; and delivery of any relevant customary borrowing notices or Letter of Credit requests (other than with respect to any amendment, modification, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit which does not increase the face amount of such Letter of Credit).    

Affirmative Covenants:   
      Limited to the following (to be applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries): maintenance of corporate or other organizational existence and rights; payment of taxes; delivery of consolidated financial statements (together with accompanying management discussion and analysis and budgets in the case of annual financial statements) (with (x) 90 days for delivery of annual financial statements and (y) 45 days for delivery of quarterly financial statements for the first three fiscal quarters of a fiscal year), and with annual financial statements to be accompanied by an audit opinion from nationally recognized auditors that is not subject to qualification as to  going concern  or the scope of such audit (other than any exception, qualification or explanatory paragraph with respect to, or resulting from (i) an upcoming maturity date under any indebtedness or (ii) any potential inability to satisfy any financial maintenance covenant on a future date or in a future period), delivery of customary certificates and other information (other than information subject to attorney/client privilege or confidentiality provisions), including information required under the PATRIOT Act; delivery of notices of default, material litigation, material ERISA events and material events relating to Canadian pension matters and Material Adverse Effect; maintenance of properties in good working order; maintenance of insurance; maintenance of books and records; material compliance with laws and regulations (including FCPA, CFPOA, OFAC, SEMA, the PATRIOT Act, UNA, ERISA, Canadian pension standards legislation and environmental laws); use of proceeds; inspection of books and properties; annual lender calls; covenant to guarantee obligations and give security and further assurances, subject, in the case of each of the foregoing covenants, to exceptions and qualifications consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles;  provided  that, compliance with affirmative covenants shall in no event be a condition to the availability of any Facility on the Closing Date in a manner that is inconsistent with the Certain Funds Provision.   

Negative Covenants:   
      Consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles, subject to baskets and exceptions to be mutually agreed and limited solely to the following (to be applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) limitations on: liens; investments; indebtedness; fundamental changes; non-ordinary course dispositions of assets; restricted payments (including dividends, and voluntary prepayments of subordinated or junior lien indebtedness), provided that (in addition to other baskets and exceptions to be mutually agreed), so long as no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, restricted payments shall be permitted (i) in an unlimited amount, if the Total Net Leverage Ratio at the time of such restricted payment is no greater than 3.50:1.00 (or, if the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility is funded, 0.50x inside the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Closing Date), and (ii) in an amount not to exceed $125 million (or, if the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility is funded, $50.0 million) in any fiscal year if the Total Net Leverage Ratio at the time of such restricted payment is greater than or equal to 3.50:1.00 (or, if the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility is funded, 0.50x inside the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the Closing Date); material change in nature of business; transactions with affiliates; Canadian pension matters, restrictions on negative pledge clauses; changes in fiscal year without the RCF Agent s consent; and amendments to subordinated or junior lien and organizational documents, in each case, to the extent such amendments are materially adverse to the Revolving Lenders.    

Financial Covenant:   
     
         Consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation
        Principles, the definitive documentation will contain only a maximum First Lien Net Leverage Ratio covenant (to be defined in a
        manner to be mutually agreed, but in any event the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (i) shall include netting of all cash and cash
        equivalents and (ii) will only include debt for borrowed money and capital lease obligations and all amounts drawn (and unreimbursed)
        under outstanding Letters of Credit in the numerator) to be set at levels to be agreed (the    Financial Covenant   )
        with cushion to be agreed to the financial model as of the Closing Date respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
        on a consolidated basis. 
           
          The Financial
        Covenant will be tested as of the last day of   every fiscal quarter (commencing with the first
        full fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending after the Closing Date).    

Events of Default:   
      Consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles and limited to the following (to be applicable to the Borrower and its respective Restricted Subsidiaries and subject, to thresholds and grace periods consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles): nonpayment of principal, interest or other amounts (with grace periods for interest and other amounts); violation of negative covenants and affirmative covenants to maintain legal existence (with respect to the Borrower only), to provide notice of default ( provided , that the delivery of such notice at any time will cure any such event of default arising from the failure to timely deliver such notice of default) or with respect to use of proceeds provisions; violation of other covenants (subject to a 30-day cure period after the date on which notice of default from the RCF Agent is received by the Borrower); incorrectness of representations and warranties in any material respect; cross default to material indebtedness in excess of an amount to be agreed; bankruptcy; monetary judgments in excess of an amount to be mutually agreed (subject to customary qualifications for appeals and stays of such judgment); ERISA events and events relating to Canadian pension matters that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; invalidity (actual or asserted (in writing) by any Loan Party) of guarantees or security documents representing a material portion of the Guarantees or Collateral; and Change of Control (to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed).   

Voting:   
     
         Amendments and waivers of the RCF Credit Documentation
        will require the approval of Revolving Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders (as defined below)) holding more than 50% of the
        aggregate amount of the loans and commitments under the Revolving Facility (the    Required Revolving Lenders   ),
        except that (a) the consent of each Revolving Lender directly affected thereby (but not the Required Revolving Lenders, other
        than in the case of clause (a)(ii), which shall require the consent of each Revolving Lender increasing its commitments as well
        as the consent of the Required Revolving Lenders if such increase is effectuated other than pursuant to provisions in the RCF Credit
        Documentation specifically permitting increases of commitments without the further approval of Required Revolving Lenders, including
        as described under  Commitment Increases  in this   Exhibit A  ) shall be required with respect to: (i) modifications
        to any provision requiring  pro rata  treatment of the Revolving Lenders (other than for purposes of any amendment that would
        extend the final maturity date of any Revolving Loans under the Revolving Facility on terms consistent with the RCF Credit Documentation
        Principles), (ii) increases in the commitment of such Revolving Lender, (iii) reductions or forgiveness of principal, interest,
        fees or reimbursement obligations payable to such Revolving Lender and (iv) extensions of final maturity of the loans or commitments
        of such Revolving Lender or of the date for payment to such Revolving Lender of any interest, fees, or any reimbursement obligation
        and (b) the consent of each Revolving Lender shall be required with respect to, among other things: (i) modifications to voting
        requirements or percentages, (ii) releases of all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees, or all or substantially
        all of the Collateral and (iii) changes that impose any additional restriction on a Revolving Lender s ability to assign
        any of its rights or obligations under the Revolving Facility. 
           
         The Borrower or (in the case of (b) or (c)
        only) the RCF Agent shall, subject to usual and customary conditions, have the right to replace a Revolving Lender or terminate
        the commitment of a Revolving Lender on a non- pro rata  basis (a) in connection with amendments and waivers requiring
        the consent of all Revolving Lenders or of all Revolving Lenders directly affected thereby so long as the consent of the Required
        Revolving Lenders has been obtained, (b) if such Revolving Lender asserts a claim for any funding protection, whether for
        increased costs, taxes, required indemnity payments or otherwise or (c) if such Lender is a Defaulting Lender.   

Participants shall have the same benefits as the Revolving Lenders with respect to yield protection and increased
cost provisions, subject to customary limitations and restrictions. Voting rights of participants shall be limited solely to those
matters set forth in clause (a)(ii) under the first paragraph under the heading  Voting  with respect to which the
affirmative vote of the Revolving Lender from which it purchased its participation would be required. Pledges of loans in accordance
with applicable law shall be permitted without restriction. The RCF Agent shall have no responsibility to ensure that the foregoing
limitations as to participations are observed by the Revolving Lenders. 
           
         In addition, if the RCF Agent and the Borrower
        shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature in the RCF Credit Documentation,
        then the RCF Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision without further action or consent by any other party,
        provided that the Required Revolving Lenders shall not have objected to such amendment within 5 business days after receiving a
        copy thereof.   

Defaulting Lenders:   
      The RCF Credit Documentation shall contain customary provisions relating to  defaulting  Lenders (   Defaulting Lenders   ) (including provisions relating to reallocation of participations in, or the Revolving Lenders providing reasonable cash collateral to support, Letters of Credit, to the suspension of voting rights and rights to receive certain fees, and to termination or assignment of the Revolving Commitments or Revolving Loans of such Defaulting Lenders).   

Cost and Yield Protection:   
      Usual and customary for facilities and transactions of this type, including (a) provisions protecting the Revolving Lenders against increased costs or loss of yield resulting from changes in reserve, capital adequacy, liquidity and other requirements of law, in each case, occurring after the Closing Date (including but not limited to provisions relating to Dodd-Frank and Basel III (regardless of the date arising), (b) provisions indemnifying the Revolving Lenders for  breakage costs  actually incurred in connection with, among other things, any prepayment of LIBOR Rate borrowings on a day prior to the last day of an interest period with respect thereto, and (c) customary tax gross-up provisions;  provided  there will be customary exceptions to the tax gross-up obligations, including for, but not limited to, withholding taxes imposed as a result of the failure of a Revolving Lender to comply with the requirements of current Sections 1471 through 1474 of the US Internal Code as in effect on the date the RCF Credit Documentation is entered into (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with).   

Assignments and Participations:   
     
         The Revolving Lenders will be permitted to
        assign Revolving Commitments and Revolving Loans under the Revolving Facility (other than to a Disqualified Lender) with the consent
        of the Borrower and RCF Agent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed (it being understood that the withholding of consent
        by the Borrower to any assignment to a Disqualified Lender shall be deemed reasonable);  provided  that such consent of the
        Borrower (x) shall not be required (i) if such assignment of any Revolving Loans or Revolving Commitment is made to another Revolving
        Lender or an affiliate or approved fund of any such Revolving Lender, (ii) during the primary syndication of Revolving Loans and
        Revolving Commitments to persons identified to the Borrower and approved by the Borrower prior to the Syndication Date or (iii)
        after the occurrence and during the continuance of a payment or bankruptcy event of default and (y) in each case, shall be
        deemed to have been given (other than with respect to a Disqualified Lender) if the Borrower has not responded within 10 business
        days of a written request for such consent. All assignments will also require the consent of the RCF Agent and each Issuing Bank,
        in each case not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each assignment will be in an amount of an integral multiple of $5.0 million
        or, if less, all of such Revolving Lender s remaining loans and commitments of the applicable class;  provided  that
        such assignments made to Revolving Lenders and affiliates of Revolving Lenders will not be subject to the above described minimum
        assignment amounts. The Revolving Lenders will also have the right to sell participations in their loans and commitments under
        the Revolving Facility on customary terms, subject to limitations on voting rights set forth above and provided that no participation
        shall be sold to any Disqualified Lender. 
           
         The RCF Agent shall not be responsible or have
        any liability for, or have any duty to ascertain, inquire into, monitor or enforce compliance with the provisions hereof relating
        to Disqualified Lenders. 
           
         Any assignment or participation by a Revolving
        Lender without the Borrower s consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) to a Disqualified
        Lender (or any affiliate thereof) or, to the extent the Borrower s consent is required under the terms of the RCF Credit
        Documentation, to any other person, shall be null and void, and the Borrower shall be entitled to (a) seek specific performance
        to unwind any such assignment or participation and/or (b) exercise any other remedy set forth in the RCF Credit Documentation available
        to the Borrower in addition to any other remedy available to the Borrower at law or at equity;  provided  that the list of
        Disqualified Lenders is made available to any Revolving Lender which specifically requests a copy thereof.   

Expenses and Indemnification:   
      The Borrower will indemnify the Lead Arrangers, the RCF Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Revolving Lenders, their respective affiliates, successors and assigns and the officers, directors, employees, agents, advisors, controlling persons, members and representatives of each of the foregoing (each, an    Indemnified Person   ) and will hold them harmless from and against any and all reasonable and documented (in reasonable detail) out-of-pocket costs, expenses (limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges one counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole in each relevant material jurisdiction (which may be a single local counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)), damages, losses and liabilities of such Indemnified Person arising out of or relating to any claim, any litigation, any investigation or other proceeding (regardless of whether such Indemnified Person is a party thereto and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party or by the Borrower or any of its respective affiliates or equity holders) that relates to the Transactions, including the financing contemplated hereby, the Acquisition or any transactions in connection therewith;  provided  that no Indemnified Person will be indemnified for any cost, expense or liability from (i) its willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision), (ii) a material breach of the obligations of such Indemnified Person under the RCF Credit Documentation (as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision), or (iii)  any proceeding that is brought by an Indemnified Person against any other Indemnified Person (other than an agent or arranger under the definitive documentation acting in its capacity as such or any claims arising out of an act or omission on the part of the Borrower or any of their affiliates, to all of which this indemnity shall be applicable). In addition, if the Closing Date occurs, the Borrower shall pay (a) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges one counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for all Indemnified Persons taken as a whole in each relevant material jurisdiction (which may be a single special counsel acting in multiple material jurisdictions)) for all Indemnified Persons, taken as a whole (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the Indemnified Person affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected Indemnified Person) of the Lead Arrangers, the RCF Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Issuing Banks in connection with the syndication of the Revolving Facility, the preparation and administration of the Commitment Letter, the Fee Letters and the RCF Credit Documentation, and amendments, modifications and waivers thereto, and (b) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses (limited to the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of a single special counsel to the Commitment Parties in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions)) of the Lead Arrangers, the RCF Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Revolving Lenders for enforcement costs and documentary taxes associated with the Revolving Facility.   

Confidentiality:   
      The RCF Credit Documentation will contain customary confidentiality provisions with respect to information regarding the Borrower, its subsidiaries, their business, operations, assets and related matters, which shall in any event prohibit disclosure of any confidential information to competitors.   

Governing Law and Forum:   
      New York.   

Counsel to RCF   Agent:   
      Latham   Watkins LLP   

EXHIBIT A-II  

Interest Rates:   
     
         The interest rates under the Revolving Facility
        will be, at the option of the Borrower, Adjusted LIBOR  plus  2.00% or ABR  plus  1.00% (with step-downs to be mutually
        agreed). The Borrower may elect interest periods of one, two, three or six months (or 12 months or any shorter period if available
        to all Revolving Lenders) for Adjusted LIBOR borrowings. 
           
         Calculation of interest shall be on the basis
        of the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year (or 365- or 366-day year, as the case may be, in the case of ABR loans
        based on the Prime Rate) and interest shall be payable at the end of each interest period and, in any event, at least every three
        months. 
           
            ABR    is the Alternate
        Base Rate, which is the highest of (i) the rate of interest quoted in the print edition of  The Wall Street Journal ,
        Money Rates Section as the prime rate as in effect from time to time, (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1.00%
        and (iii) one-month Published US LIBOR (as defined below) plus 1.00%. 
           
            Adjusted LIBOR   
        or    LIBOR Rate    is the London interbank offered rate for dollars appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR01
        Page (or otherwise on the Reuters Screen) adjusted for statutory reserve requirements;  provided  that Adjusted LIBOR will
        at all times include statutory reserves and shall, in each case, be deemed to be not less than 0%  per annum .   

Letter of Credit Fees:   
      A  per annum  fee equal to the spread over LIBOR Rate under the Revolving Facility multiplied by the average daily maximum aggregate amount available to be drawn under all Letters of Credit, payable in US dollars in arrears at the end of each quarter and upon the termination of the Revolving Facility, in each case for the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year. Such fees shall be distributed with respect to Letters of Credit, to the Revolving Lenders participating in the Revolving Facility  pro rata  in accordance with the amount of each such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment (other than Defaulting Lenders). In addition, the Borrower shall pay to the applicable Issuing Bank, for its own account, (a) a fronting fee in US dollars in an amount to be agreed, payable in arrears at the end of each quarter and upon the termination of the Revolving Facility, calculated based upon the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year, and (b) customary issuance and administration fees.   

Commitment Fees:   
      Commitment fees equal to 0.25%  per annum  times the daily average undrawn portion of the Revolving Facility of each Revolving Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender) (reduced by the amount of Letters of Credit issued and outstanding) will accrue from the Closing Date and will be payable quarterly in arrears.   

EXHIBIT B  

$850.0
Million Senior Unsecured Bridge Loan Facility   

   Summary
of Principal Terms and Conditions  3     

Borrower:  
      The Borrower under the Revolving Facility (the    Borrower   ).   

Transactions:  
      As set forth in   Exhibit A   to the Commitment Letter.   

Agent:  
      Goldman Sachs Bank USA, acting through one or more of its branches or affiliates, will act as sole administrative agent (in such capacity, the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Agent   ) for a syndicate of banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders (together with the Initial Lenders, the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders    the Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders, together with the Revolving Lenders, collectively, the    Lenders   ), and will perform the duties customarily associated with such roles.     

Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners:  
      The Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners (each as defined in the Commitment Letter) will act as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, respectively, for the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility, and will perform the duties customarily associated with such roles.   

Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility:  
      The senior unsecured bridge loan facility will consist of an aggregate principal amount of $850.0 million of senior unsecured bridge loans and will be made available to the Borrower in US dollars (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans   );  provided  that, the gross cash proceeds, net of any OID or other discount to market, from the issuance of any Senior Unsecured Notes or Takeout Indebtedness (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter) on or prior to the Closing Date (including into escrow) or the incurrence of any Replacement Loans that are outstanding on the Closing Date, shall reduce the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans on a dollar for dollar basis (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility   ).   

Purpose:  
      The proceeds of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility will be used by the Borrower, on the Closing Date, together with any Closing Date Draw Amount, any Replacement Loans, any Senior Unsecured Notes and any Takeout Indebtedness issued on or prior to the Closing Date, (a) to finance the Acquisition and the Refinancing, and (b) to pay the Transaction Costs.   

3  
All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Commitment Letter to which this term sheet
is attached, including the RCF Term Sheet and   Annex I   thereto or the other exhibits thereto. In the event any
such capitalized term is subject to multiple and differing definitions, the appropriate meaning thereof for purposes of this   Exhibit B  
shall be determined by reference to the context in which it is used. 

Availability:  
      The full amount of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility must be drawn in a single drawing on the Closing Date. Amounts borrowed under the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility that are repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. The Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans will be funded at par.   

Interest Rates and Fees:  
      As set forth on   Annex I   hereto.   

Default Rate:  
      The applicable interest rate plus 2.00% per annum payable on overdue amounts only.   

Final Maturity and Amortization of Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Facility will mature on the date that is one year after the Closing Date (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity
        Date   ). 
           
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Facility will not be subject to interim amortization.   

Conversion of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans; Exchange of Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans:  
     
         If any Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Loan has not been previously repaid in full on or prior to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date, such Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Loan shall, automatically be converted into a senior unsecured term loan (the    Senior Unsecured Extended
        Term Loans   ) having an equal principal amount and due on the date that is 8 years following the Closing Date. Except
        as provided herein, the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans shall have the same terms and conditions as the Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Loans, and applicable references in the Commitment Letter to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Facility shall include the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans. 
           
         The date on which the
        Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans are converted into Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans is referred to as the    Conversion
        Date   . 
           
         On the Conversion Date,
        and on the 15th calendar day of each month thereafter (or the immediately succeeding business day if such calendar day is not a
        business day), at the option of the applicable Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender, Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans may be exchanged
        for senior unsecured exchange notes (the    Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities   ) having an equal
        principal amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be required to exchange Senior Unsecured Extended Term
        Loans for Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities unless at least $100 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Unsecured Exchange
        Securities would be outstanding immediately after such exchange.   

The Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans will be governed by the provisions of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation. When issued, the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will be governed by an indenture to be entered into between the Borrower and a trustee reasonably acceptable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders and the Borrower, which indenture shall be, except as otherwise provided herein consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles (as defined below). The Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans and the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities shall rank equal in right of payment for all purposes.  The obligations in respect of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans, the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans, the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities and the Senior Unsecured Notes are referred to herein as the    Senior Unsecured Obligations   .   

Maturity of Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities:  
      8 years from the Closing Date.   

Availability of the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities:  
      The Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will be available in exchange for the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans on the terms and conditions set forth herein. The principal amount of any Senior Unsecured Exchange Security will equal 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans for which it is exchanged.   

Guarantees:  
      All obligations of the Borrower under the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility will be unconditionally guaranteed by each Guarantor (as defined in   Exhibit A  ) of the Revolving Facility (such guarantees, the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Guarantees   ). The Senior Unsecured Bridge Guarantees will rank  pari passu  in right of payment with the guarantees of the Revolving Facility.    

Security:  
      None.   

Mandatory Prepayments:  
      Prior to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date and consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles and subject to the last paragraph of this section titled  Mandatory Prepayments , the Borrower will be required to prepay the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest with (i) the net cash proceeds from the issuance of the Takeout Securities (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter);  provided  that in the event any Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate of a Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender purchases Takeout Securities from the Borrower at a price above the level at which such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate has reasonably determined such Takeout Security can be resold by such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate to a bona fide third party at the time of such purchase (and notifies the Borrower thereof), without regard to such difference being required or applied by such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate as an additional fee, the net cash proceeds received by the Borrower in respect of such debt security may, at the option of such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate, be applied first to prepay the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans of such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate (provided that if there is more than one such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or affiliate then such net cash proceeds will be applied pro rata to prepay the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans of all such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders or affiliates in proportion to such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders  or affiliates  principal amount of Takeout Securities purchased from the Borrower) prior to being applied to prepay the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans held by other Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders; (ii) 100% of the net cash proceeds of all non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions of property by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (with exceptions for sales of inventory, ordinary course dispositions, dispositions of obsolete or worn-out property and property no longer useful in the business, amounts required to be applied to any secured indebtedness of the Borrower and other exceptions to be set forth in the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation) (subject to the right of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries to reinvest 100% of such net proceeds if such proceeds are reinvested (or committed to be reinvested) within 365 days and, if so committed to be reinvested, so long as such reinvestment is actually completed within six months thereafter, and other exceptions to be set forth in the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation); (iii) 100% of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the Senior Unsecured Notes or any other debt financing other than the Revolving Facility and any Alternate Facilities subject to other exceptions to be mutually agreed (collectively, the    Bridge Facility Permanent Debt   ); and (iv) the net cash proceeds received from public issuances of equity of the Borrower after the Closing Date (subject to exceptions to be mutually agreed, including pursuant to employee stock and compensation plans), in the case of any such prepayments pursuant to the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, with exceptions and baskets as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles.   

Following the occurrence
        of a Change of Control (to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed), the Borrower will also be required to offer to prepay
        (a) the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof and (b) the Senior Unsecured Extended
        Term Loans and Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities at 101% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, in each case plus accrued
        and unpaid interest to the date of prepayment. Any proceeds from the sale of any Bridge Facility Permanent Debt issued to a Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Lender or one of its affiliates (other than bona fide investment funds and entities that manage assets on behalf
        of unaffiliated third-parties (the    Asset Management Affiliates   )) will be applied to refinance the Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Loans held by such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or its affiliates, without premium or penalty, notwithstanding
        the  pro rata  provisions otherwise applicable to redemptions and prepayments. 
           
         The Borrower will also
        be required to offer to prepay the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof plus
        accrued and unpaid interest with 100% of the net cash proceeds of all non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions of
        property by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (subject to the right of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
        to reinvest 100% of such net proceeds if such proceeds are reinvested (or committed to be reinvested) within 365 days and, if so
        committed to be reinvested, so long as such reinvestment is actually completed within twelve months thereafter, and other exceptions
        to be set forth in the applicable definitive documentation). 
           
         The Senior Unsecured Extended
        Term Loans will have the mandatory prepayment and repurchase offer provisions applicable to the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities
        (rather than the mandatory prepayment provisions applicable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans).   

Voluntary Prepayments:  
     
         Voluntary prepayments
        of Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans will be permitted at any time, in minimum principal
        amounts to be mutually agreed upon, subject to customary notice requirements and without premium or penalty. 
           
         The Senior Unsecured Exchange
        Securities will be non-callable for 3 years from the Closing Date (subject to customary 35% clawback provisions with the proceeds
        of equity offerings at par plus accrued interest plus a premium equal to the coupon) and will be callable (i) during the fourth
        year after the Closing Date, at par plus accrued interest plus a premium equal to three-quarters of the coupon, (ii) during the
        fifth year after the Closing Date, at par plus accrued interest plus a premium equal to one-half the coupon, (iii) during the sixth
        year after the Closing Date, at par plus accrued interest plus a premium equal to one-quarter the coupon and (iv) from and after
        the seventh anniversary of the Closing Date, at par plus accrued interest (without premium);  provided ,  however , that
        any Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will be callable prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date at a redemption price
        equal to par  plus  accrued interest  plus  a make whole premium calculated on the basis of a discount rate equal to
        the then applicable U.S. Treasury Rate plus one-half of one percent (0.50%). In addition, so long as any such Senior Unsecured
        Exchange Securities are held by the Commitment Parties or their affiliates (other than Asset Management Affiliates), such Senior
        Unsecured Exchange Securities will be callable at par plus accrued and unpaid interest on a non- pro rata  basis.   

Unrestricted Subsidiaries:  
      Consistent with the Revolving Facility.   

Documentation:  
     
         The definitive documentation
        for the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation   ) (including
        the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities) will contain the terms and conditions set forth in this Exhibit B and to the extent not
        covered by this Exhibit B, will be based on a specified precedent to be mutually agreed (the    Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Documentation Precedent   ) with changes and modifications that give due regard to (a) the operational and strategic
        requirements of the Borrower and its subsidiaries in light of their size, capital structure, industries, businesses, business practices,
        jurisdiction of incorporation and related currency and other provisions and (b) qualifications, thresholds, exceptions,  baskets 
        and grace and cure periods that shall be as mutually agreed (including a provision that permits restricted payments in an unlimited
        amount if the Total Net Leverage Ratio (to be defined in a manner to be mutually agreed) at the time of such restricted payment
        is no greater than 0.5x less than such ratio as of the Closing Date) (collectively for purposes of this Exhibit B, the    Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles    and together with the RCF Credit Documentation Principles, the    Documentation
        Principles   ); provided that the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation shall contain only those conditions
        to borrowing, mandatory prepayments, representations and warranties, covenants and events of default expressly set forth in this
        Term Sheet, in each case, applicable to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. The Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation
        will be negotiated in good faith within a reasonable time period to be determined based on the expected Closing Date. 
           
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge
        Facility Documentation will contain language to address the European Union bail-in rules in customary form.   

Representations and Warranties:  
      Substantially similar to those for the Revolving Facility, with modifications consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles to the extent necessary to reflect differences in documentation, but in any event no less favorable to the Borrower than those in the RCF Credit Documentation; it being understood that representations and warranties shall be subject to the Certain Funds Provision.    

Conditions Precedent to Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans:   
      The borrowing under the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility on the Closing Date will be subject solely to the applicable conditions precedent set forth in   Exhibit C   to the Commitment Letter.     

Covenants:   
     
         The Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Facility Documentation will contain such affirmative and incurrence-based (but not financial maintenance) negative covenants
        with respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries applicable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured
        Extended Term Loans as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles, including an affirmative covenant
        with respect to marketing efforts and securities demand, and will not include any covenants not included in the Revolving Facility
        except an affirmative covenant with respect to marketing efforts and securities demand, a covenant to use commercially reasonable
        efforts to refinance the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans as promptly as practicable following the Closing Date, to use commercially
        reasonable efforts to maintain corporate level and facility level ratings (but not any minimum rating) and to conduct calls with
        the Senior unsecured Bridge Lenders on no less than a quarterly basis. Prior to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date,
        the restricted payments, liens and debt incurrence covenants of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility may be more restrictive than
        those applicable to the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans and the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities, as reasonably agreed
        by the Senior Unsecured Bridge Agent and the Borrower. It is understood that compliance with covenants shall in no event be a condition
        to the availability of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility on the Closing Date in a manner that is inconsistent with the Certain
        Funds Provision. 
           
         Upon and after
        the earlier of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date and the occurrence of a Takeout Demand Failure (as defined in the
        Joint Fee Letter), the covenants which would be applicable to the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities, if issued, will also be
        applicable to the Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans in lieu of the corresponding provisions of the documentation governing the
        Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans. The indenture governing the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will contain such covenants with
        respect to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles
        (but, in any event, no more restrictive than those for the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility), including a provision that permits
        restricted payments in an unlimited amount if the Total Net Leverage Ratio at the time of such restricted payment is no greater
        than 0.5x less than such ratio as of the Closing Date.   

Financial Covenant:  
      None.   

Events of Default:  
     
         The events of default
        applicable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans will be consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles;  provided 
        that, a default or event of default (other than a payment default) with respect to the Revolving Facility shall not give rise to
        a default or event of default under the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility unless and until the Revolving Lenders accelerate the
        Revolving Loans and other obligations under the Revolving Facility as a result of such default. 
           
         The indenture governing
        the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will contain such events of default (including grace periods and threshold amounts) as
        are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles (but, in any event, no more restrictive than those for
        the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility) but not including a cross default (and, in lieu thereof, a cross-acceleration and cross-payment
        default at maturity to material debt). Upon and after the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity Date, the events of default which
        would be applicable to the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities, if issued, will also be applicable to the Senior Unsecured Extended
        Term Loans in lieu of the corresponding provisions of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation.   

Registration Rights:  
      No registration rights. The Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will be  private for life .   

Trust Indenture Act: 

The Indenture governing
        the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities shall not be subject to the Trust Indenture Act, as amended (the    TIA   ),
        including the provisions of Section 316 thereof and shall not contain any provision substantially similar to Section 316(b) of
        the TIA (other than similar provisions that relate solely to the amendment of payment terms). 

Defeasance and Discharge:   
      The indenture governing the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities
    will contain such defeasance and discharge provisions as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles.   

Voting:  
     
         Amendments and waivers
        of the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation applicable to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and the Senior Unsecured
        Extended Term Loans will require the approval of Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders holding more than 50% of the aggregate amount
        of the outstanding Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans or Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans, as applicable (the    Required
        Lenders   ), except that (a) the consent of each Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender directly affected thereby (rather
        than Required Lenders) shall be required with respect to: (i) modifications to any provision requiring  pro rata  treatment
        of the Lenders, (ii) increases in the commitment of such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender, (iii) reductions or forgiveness
        of principal, interest, fees payable to such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender, (iv) extensions of final maturity of the loans of
        such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender or of the date for payment to such Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender of any interest or fees,
        and (v) additional restrictions on the right to exchange Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans for Senior Unsecured Exchange
        Securities and (b) the consent of each Senior Unsecured Bridge Lender shall be required with respect to: (i) modifications
        to voting requirements or percentages and (ii) releases of all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantees. 
           
         The indenture governing
        the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will contain such modification provisions as are consistent with the Senior Unsecured
        Bridge Documentation Principles.   

Cost and Yield Protection:  
      Substantially similar to the tax gross up, cost and yield provisions contained in the Revolving Facility, with appropriate modifications for a bridge facility.     

Assignments and Participations of Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders will be
        permitted to assign Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans without the consent of (but with notice to) the Borrower (except that no such
        assignments to Disqualified Lenders will be permitted);  provided  that, prior to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans Maturity
        Date, unless a Takeout Demand Failure (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter) or a payment or bankruptcy event of default has occurred
        and is at such time continuing, the consent of the Borrower shall be required with respect to any assignment if, subsequent thereto,
        the Initial Lenders would hold, in the aggregate, less than 50.1% of the outstanding Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans. 
           
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders will be
        permitted to participate their Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans to other financial institutions without restrictions, other than customary
        voting limitations. Participants will have the same benefits as the selling Lenders would have (and will be limited to the amount
        of such benefits) with regard to yield protection and increased costs, subject to customary limitations and restrictions.   

Right to Transfer Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities:  
      The holders of the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities shall have the absolute and unconditional right to transfer such Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities in compliance with applicable law to any third parties.   

Expenses and Indemnification:  
      Substantially similar to the expenses and indemnification provisions contained in the Revolving Facility, with modifications consistent with the Senior Unsecured Bridge Documentation Principles to the extent necessary to reflect differences in documentation, but in any event not applicable to the Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities.   

Governing Law and Forum:  
      New York.   

Counsel to Senior Unsecured Bridge Agent:  
      Latham   Watkins LLP.   

ANNEX I to  

  EXHIBIT B  

PRICING APPLICABLE TO SENIOR UNSECURED BRIDGE
LOANS  

Interest Rates:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans shall accrue
        interest at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate (as defined in   Exhibit A  ), plus 450 basis points (the    Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Initial Margin   ), with a LIBOR Rate floor of 1.00%. The Senior Unsecured Bridge Initial Margin will
        increase by an additional 50 basis points on the date that is three months after the Closing Date and an additional 50 basis points
        for each additional three-month period thereafter;  provided  that, at no time shall the interest rate in effect on the Senior
        Unsecured Bridge Loans exceed the Total Interest Cap (as defined in the Joint Fee Letter) (excluding interest at the default rate
        as described above). 
           
         The Borrower may elect interest periods of
        one, two, three, or six months (or 12 months or shorter period if available to all Senior Unsecured Bridge Lenders) for Adjusted
        LIBOR borrowings. 
           
         Any Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans converted
        into Senior Unsecured Extended Term Loans will accrue interest at the fixed rate equal to the Total Interest Cap (as defined in
        the Joint Fee Letter). 
           
         Calculation of interest shall be on the basis
        of the actual number of days elapsed over a 360-day year and interest shall be payable quarterly in arrears.   

PRICING APPLICABLE TO SENIOR UNSECURED EXCHANGE
SECURITIES  

Interest Rates:  
     
         The Senior Unsecured Exchange Securities will bear interest at a
        fixed rate equal to the Total Interest Cap and interest will be payable semiannually in arrears. 
           
         Calculation of interest shall be on the basis of a year of 12 months
        of 30 days each.   

EXHIBIT C  

$150.0
Million Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility   

   $850.0
Million Senior Unsecured Bridge Loan Facility   

   Summary
of Conditions Precedent  4     

This Summary of Conditions Precedent outlines
certain of the conditions precedent to the Facilities referred to in the Commitment Letter, of which this Exhibit C is a part.
Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in the Commitment Letter.  

The initial borrowings
under the Facilities shall be subject to the following applicable conditions (subject in all respects to the Certain Funds Provision): 

1.          Purchase Agreement . The Acquisition
shall have been consummated or shall be consummated substantially simultaneously with the initial borrowings under the Facilities
in accordance in all material respects with the terms of the Purchase Agreement (without any amendment, modification or waiver
thereof or any consent thereunder that is materially adverse to the Initial Lenders for the applicable Facility (in their capacities
as such) without the prior written consent of the Commitment Parties (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned);  provided  that (i) a reduction in the consideration payable under the Purchase Agreement of less than 10% shall
not be deemed to be materially adverse to the interests of the Initial Lenders;  provided   further  that such reduction
is applied 100% to reduce the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility, and (ii) an increase in such purchase price amount shall not
be deemed to be materially adverse to the Initial Lenders if such increase is not funded with indebtedness for borrowed money;
 provided  that no purchase price or similar adjustment provisions set forth in the Purchase Agreement shall constitute a
reduction or increase in the purchase price). 

2.          Refinancing . The Refinancing shall
have occurred, or shall occur substantially concurrently with the initial borrowings under the Facilities. The applicable Agent
shall have received evidence that in connection with the Refinancing, all guarantees of, and security granted with respect to the
Existing Debt have been discharged and released or shall be discharged and released substantially concurrently with the initial
borrowings under the applicable Facility (or customary arrangements for such discharge and release shall have been agreed upon
with the applicable Agent). 

3.          Revolving Facility   Documentation .
Subject to the Certain Funds Provision and solely as a condition to the availability of the Revolving Facility, the execution and
delivery of (i) the RCF Credit Documentation by each Loan Party thereto, (ii) customary legal opinions with respect to
the Revolving Facility, certified organizational documents of each Loan Party, customary evidence of authorization with respect
to each Loan Party, customary officer s certificates of each Loan Party (provided that such certificate shall not include
any representations or statement as to the absence (or existence) of any default or event of default under the RCF Credit Documentation
or a bring-down of representations and warranties) and good standing certificates with respect to each Loan Party (to the extent
such concept exists in the applicable jurisdiction) in the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party; (iii) a solvency certificate
substantially in the form of   Exhibit D   to the Commitment Letter, (iv) all documents and instruments required
to create and perfect the Collateral Agent s security interests in the Collateral under the Revolving Facility, which shall
be, if applicable, in proper form for filing, in each case, subject to the Certain Funds Provision and consistent with the provisions
of the RCF Term Sheet, and (v) a customary borrowing notice (provided that such notice shall not include any representations or
statement as to the absence (or existence) of any default or event of default under the RCF Credit Documentation or a bring-down
of representations and warranties) with respect to the initial borrowings under the Revolving Facility. 

4  
All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Commitment Letter to which this   Exhibit C  
is attached, including   Exhibits A   and   B   thereto. In the case of any such capitalized term that
is subject to multiple and differing definitions, the appropriate meaning thereof in this   Exhibit C   shall be
determined by reference to the context in which it is used. 

4.          Senior   Unsecured Bridge Facility
Documentation . Subject to the Certain Funds Provision and solely as a condition to the availability of the Senior Unsecured
Bridge Facility, the execution and delivery of (i) the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation by each Loan Party thereto,
(ii) customary legal opinions with respect to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility, certified organizational documents of
each Loan Party, customary evidence of authorization with respect to each Loan Party, customary officer s certificates of
each Loan Party (provided that such certificate shall not include any representations or statement as to the absence (or existence)
of any default or event of default under the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility Documentation or a bring-down of representations
and warranties) and good standing certificates with respect to each Loan Party (to the extent such concept exists in the applicable
jurisdiction) in the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party, (iii) a solvency certificate substantially in the form of
  Exhibit D   to the Commitment Letter, and (iv) a customary borrowing notice (provided that such notice shall not
include any representations or statement as to the absence (or existence) of any default or event of default under the Senior Unsecured
Bridge Facility Documentation or a bring-down of representations and warranties) with respect to the initial borrowings under the
Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility. 

5.          Financial
Statements . The Commitment Parties shall have received (a) generally accepted accounting principles and practices in the
United States (   US GAAP   ) ( provided  that, in the case of the Borrower, such financial statements
for any period prior to 2015 may be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International
Accounting Standards Board (   IFRS   )) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income/loss,
stockholders /changes in equity and cash flows of each of the Borrower and the Target for the three most recently completed
fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to the Closing Date (and the related audit reports), (b) US GAAP unaudited
consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income/loss, stockholders  equity/changes in equity and cash flows
of each of the Borrower and the Target for each subsequent fiscal quarter (other than the fourth quarter of any fiscal year) subsequent
to the last fiscal year for which financial statements were prepared pursuant to the preceding clause (a) and ended at least 45 days
prior to the Closing Date (and the corresponding period of the preceding fiscal year),  (c)  Associated
Auction Services, LLC s (   AAS   ) audited balance sheet as of December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2015
and audited statements of operations, members  equity and cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and the year
ended December 31, 2014, including the notes thereto, and (d) Kruse Energy   Equipment Auctioneers, LLC s (   Kruse   )
audited balance sheet as of October 31, 2014 and the audited statements of income, changes in members  capital and cash flows
for the ten month period ended October 31, 2014, including the notes thereto;  provided  that, for the avoidance of doubt,
each Commitment Party acknowledges that it has received the information and documents required by clauses (c) and (d) of this Section
5.   

C- 2   

6.          Pro Forma Financial Statements .
The Commitment Parties shall have received a  pro forma  consolidated balance sheet as of the end of the most recently ended
income statement of the Borrower for which financial statements have been provided pursuant to the preceding Section 5 and related
 pro forma  consolidated statements of income of the Borrower (i) for the most recently ended fiscal year for which audited
financial statements have been provided pursuant to the preceding Section 5, (ii) to the extent not provided pursuant to clause
(i), a  pro forma  statement of income of the Borrower for the trailing 12-month period ended the date of the latest interim
unaudited quarterly financial statements, if any, provided pursuant to the preceding Section 5 and, (iii) for the subsequent interim
periods for which unaudited financial statements have been provided pursuant to the preceding Section 5, prepared after giving
effect to the Transactions (and any other acquisitions of businesses for which financials statements are being provided) as if
they had occurred as of such date (in the case of such balance sheet) or at the beginning of such period (in the case of such other
financial statements). 

7.          KYC Information . The applicable
Agent shall have received, at least three business days prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information about
the Loan Parties required by regulatory authorities under applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering
rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, that has been reasonably requested in writing by the Commitment
Parties at least 10 business days prior to the Closing Date. 

8.          Senior Unsecured Notes Offering Document .
With respect to the Senior Unsecured Bridge Facility, the Borrower shall have engaged one or more investment banks reasonably satisfactory
to the Lead Arrangers and the Bookrunners (collectively, the    Investment Bank   ) to sell to or place the
Senior Unsecured Notes or debt securities substantially similar to the Senior Unsecured Notes that may be used to refinance the
Senior Unsecured Bridge Loans and shall ensure that (a) the Investment Bank shall have received a customary preliminary offering
memorandum or preliminary private placement memorandum suitable containing all customary information (other than the  description
of the notes  and any information customarily provided by the Investment Bank or its counsel) for use in a customary high-yield
road show relating to the issuance of the Senior Unsecured Notes, including unaudited interim financial statements of the Target
and the Borrower and all appropriate pro forma financial statements of the Target with respect thereto prepared in accordance with,
or reconciled to, US GAAP (provided that, in the case of the Borrower, such financial statements for any period prior to 2015 may
be prepared in accordance with IFRS) and prepared in accordance with the principles of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, but, in each case, no more than the financial statements referred to under the preceding Sections 5 or 6 above
or derived therefrom, and all other data that would be necessary for the Investment Bank to receive customary  comfort 
(including  negative assurance  comfort) from independent accountants to the Borrower, the Target, AAS and Kruse in
connection with such offering (subject in each case to exceptions customary for Rule 144A offerings involving high-yield unsecured
 private-for-life  debt securities, including exceptions for consolidating financial statements, separate subsidiary
financial statements and other financial statements required by Rule 3-09, Rule 3-10 or Rule 3-16 of Regulation S-X (provided that
customary data as to the total assets, revenue, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA or comparable metrics (including on a pro forma basis
giving effect to the Transactions) shall be included) or  segment reporting , Item 302 of Regulation S-K and Compensation
Discussion and Analysis or other information required by Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act and the executive
compensation and related person disclosure rules related to SEC Release No. 33-8732A, 34-54302A and IC-2744A and other information
not customarily provided in an offering memorandum for a Rule 144A offering) (the    Required Bond Information   ),
and (b) the Investment Bank shall be afforded a marketing period following the receipt of the Required Bond Information to seek
to offer and sell or privately place the Senior Unsecured Notes of 15 consecutive business days (the    Senior Unsecured
Notes Marketing Period   );  provided  that (i) the Senior Unsecured Notes Marketing Period shall commence no
earlier than September 6, 2016, (ii) November 24, 2016 and November 25, 2016 shall not be considered business days for the purposes
of the Senior Unsecured Notes Marketing Period and (iii) if the Senior Unsecured Notes Marketing Period has not ended prior to
December 17, 2016, then such period shall not commence until on or after January 2, 2017. 

C- 3   

If Borrower shall in good faith reasonably
believe that the Borrower has delivered the Required Bond Information, the Borrower may (but shall not be obligated to) deliver
to the Investment Bank written notice to that effect (stating when the Borrower believes that the Borrower completed such delivery),
in which case the Borrower shall be deemed to have delivered the Required Bond Information on the date of such notice and the Senior
Unsecured Notes Marketing Period shall be deemed to have commenced on the date of such notice, in each case, unless the Investment
Bank in good faith reasonably believes that the Borrower has not completed delivery of the Required Bond Information and, within
two business days after its receipt of such notice from the Borrower, the Investment Bank delivers a written notice to the Borrower
to that effect (stating with specificity which information has not delivered). 

9.          Payment of Fees and Expenses .
All fees required to be paid by the Borrower on the Closing Date pursuant to the Fee Letters and the Commitment Letter (including
the Term Sheets) and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including legal fees and expenses) required to be paid by the Borrower
on the Closing Date pursuant to the Commitment Letter, to the extent invoiced at least two business days prior to the Closing Date,
shall, upon the initial borrowing of the applicable Facilities, have been paid, or will be substantially simultaneously, paid (which
amounts may be offset against the proceeds of the Facilities). 

10.          Accuracy of Representations .
(i) The Specified Representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier
set forth therein) to the extent required by the Certain Funds Provision; and (ii) the Purchase Agreement Representations shall
be true and correct in all material respects to the extent required by the Certain Funds Provision;  provided  that, for the
avoidance of doubt, this clause (ii) shall only be a condition to the extent that you have (or an affiliate of yours has) the right
(taking into account any applicable cure provisions) to terminate your (or its) obligations under the Purchase Agreement or the
right to decline to consummate the Acquisition (in each case, in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement) as a result
of the failure of such representations and warranties to be accurate. 

11.          Material Adverse Change . There
has not occurred a Material Adverse Change (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) since the date of the Purchase Agreement. 

C- 4   

EXHIBIT D  

FORM OF SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE  

[____][__] , 20[__] 

This Solvency Certificate is being executed
and delivered pursuant to Section  [__]  of that certain  [ ]   5  
(the    Credit Agreement    the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined). 

I, [______________], a [________] of the Borrower
(after giving effect to the Transactions), in such capacity only and not in an individual capacity (and without personal liability),
hereby certify on behalf of the Borrower as follows, in each case as of the date hereof: 

1. The sum
of the debt and liabilities (subordinated, contingent or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis,
does not exceed the fair value of the present assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis. 

2. The capital
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is not unreasonably small in relation to their business as conducted
or contemplated to be conducted on the date hereof. 

3. The present
fair saleable value of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, is greater than the total amount
that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, as applicable,
as they become absolute and matured. 

4. The Borrower
and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, have not, incurred and do not intend to incur, or believe that they will incur,
debts or other liabilities, including current obligations, beyond their ability to pay such debts or other liabilities as they
become due (whether at maturity or otherwise). 

5. For purposes
of this Solvency Certificate, the amount of any contingent liability has been computed as the amount that, in light of all of the
facts and circumstances existing as of the date hereof, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual
or matured liability. 

6. In reaching
the conclusions set forth in this Solvency Certificate, the undersigned has made such investigations and inquiries as the undersigned
has deemed appropriate to provide this Solvency Certificate. The undersigned is familiar with the finances and assets of the Borrower
and its Subsidiaries. 

7. The undersigned
acknowledges that the Agent and the Lenders are relying on the truth and accuracy of this Solvency Certificate in connection with
the Commitments and Loans under the Credit Agreement. 

5  
Describe the credit agreement to govern the Revolving Facility. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the undersigned has executed this Solvency Certificate in such undersigned s capacity as an officer of the Borrower, on behalf
of the Borrower, and not individually, on the date first written above. 

RITCHIE BROS. AUCTIONEERS INCORPORATED    

By:   

Name:    

Title: [Financial Officer]   

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 v452443_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

I, Ravichandra K. Saligram, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:     

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;     

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Ravichandra K. Saligram   

Ravichandra K. Saligram  

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 v452443_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

I, Sharon R. Driscoll, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have:     

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles;     

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Sharon R. Driscoll   

Sharon R. Driscoll  

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 v452443_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C.  1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ravichandra K. Saligram,
Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Ravichandra K. Saligram   

Ravichandra K. Saligram  

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 v452443_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C.  1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Sharon R. Driscoll,
Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Sharon R. Driscoll   

Sharon R. Driscoll  

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 rba-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 rba-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 rba-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 rba-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 rba-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 rba-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

