<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1575428_0001193125-16-764200_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4736235</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>172515</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>354473</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>700333</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2084098</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1262442</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764200.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109150110
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764200
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001575428
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				462335760
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55616
		FILM NUMBER:		161983855

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 CORPORATE DRIVE, SUITE 120
		CITY:			LADERA RANCH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92694
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-412-5161

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		111 CORPORATE DRIVE, SUITE 120
		CITY:			LADERA RANCH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92694

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Strategic Storage Opportunity Trust, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130426

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764200.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d239973d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                           
  Commission File Number: 000-55616        
       Strategic
Storage Growth Trust, Inc.      (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)   

Maryland  
   
  46-2335760   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (IRS Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    10 Terrace Road,   
  Ladera Ranch, California 92694   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  (877) 327-3485   
  (Registrant s telephone number)   
  N/A      (Former name, former
address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of  Regulation S-T  ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit and post such files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check one)      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
 Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act).    Yes       No     
 As of November 3, 2016, there were 6,833,426 outstanding shares of Class A common stock and 949,899 outstanding shares of Class T common stock
of the registrant.          

Table of Contents  

   FORM 10-Q   
  STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC.   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page   No.  

PART I.   
   
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  

3 

Item 1.  
   
  Consolidated Financial Statements:  

3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (unaudited)  

4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

6 

Consolidated Statement of Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  

7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  

9 

Item 2.  
   
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

29 

Item 3.  
   
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

40 

Item 4.  
   
  Controls and Procedures  

41 

PART II.   
   
   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
   
  Legal Proceedings  

41 

Item 1A.  
   
  Risk Factors  

41 

Item 2.  
   
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

43 

Item 3.  
   
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

43 

Item 4.  
   
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

43 

Item 5.  
   
  Other Information  

43 

Item 6.  
   
  Exhibits  

43 

2  

Table of Contents  

     CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Certain statements contained in this  Form 10-Q  of Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc., other
than historical facts, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the  Exchange Act ). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E
of the Exchange Act, as applicable. Such statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results
to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking
terminology such as  may,   will,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   seek,   continue,  or other similar words. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in
this  Form 10-Q,  and we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  
 Any such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors and are based on a number of assumptions involving
judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive, and market conditions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately. To the extent that our assumptions differ from actual results, our ability to meet
such forward-looking statements, including our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations and provide distributions to stockholders, and our ability to find suitable investment properties, may be significantly hindered. See the risk
factors identified in the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as
supplemented by the risk factors included in Part II, Item 1A of this  Form 10-Q,  for a discussion of some, although not all, of the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements.       PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION

ITEM 1.  
  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       The information furnished in the accompanying
unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, equity and cash flows reflects all adjustments (consisting of normal and recurring adjustments) that are, in management s opinion,
necessary for a fair and consistent presentation of the aforementioned financial statements.    The accompanying financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the notes to our financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this report on  Form 10-Q.  The
accompanying financial statements should also be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015. Our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results expected for
the full year.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      6  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      7  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)       
    See notes to consolidated financial statements.   
      8  

Table of Contents  

     STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016      Note 1.
Organization     Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the  Company ), was formed on March 12, 2013
under the Maryland General Corporation Law for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in self storage facilities. The Company s year-end is December 31. As used in this report,  we,   us,   our, 
and  Company  refer to Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries.    Strategic Storage Holdings, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company ( SSH ), was the sponsor of our Private Offering (as defined below) through August 31, 2014. Effective August 31, 2014, SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. ( SmartStop ), entered into a
series of transactions, agreements and amendments to its existing agreements and arrangements (such agreements and amendments hereinafter referred to collectively as the  Self Administration and Investment Management Transaction ) with SSH
and its affiliates, pursuant to which, effective August 31, 2014, SmartStop acquired the self storage advisory, asset management, property management and investment management businesses of SSH. The transactions included an acquisition of
SSH s sole membership interest in SmartStop Asset Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (formerly Strategic Storage Realty Group, LLC), which owns 97.5% of the economic interests (and 100% of the voting membership interests) of
SS Growth Advisor, LLC (our  Advisor ) and owns 100% of SS Growth Property Management, LLC (our  Property Manager ).  
 On October 1, 2015, SmartStop and Extra Space Storage Inc. ( Extra Space ), along with subsidiaries of each of SmartStop and
Extra Space, closed on a merger transaction (the  Merger ) in which SmartStop was acquired by Extra Space for $13.75 per share in cash, representing an enterprise value of approximately $1.4 billion. At the closing of the Merger,
SmartStop Asset Management, LLC, the owner of our Property Manager and majority and sole voting member of our Advisor, was sold to an entity controlled by H. Michael Schwartz, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and
President, and became our sponsor (our  Sponsor ). The former executive management team of SmartStop continues to serve as the executive management team for our Sponsor. In addition, our management team remains the same, as well as the
management team of our Advisor and Property Manager.    We have no employees. Our Advisor, a Delaware limited liability company, was
formed on March 12, 2013. Our Advisor is responsible for managing our affairs on a day-to-day basis and identifying and making acquisitions and investments on our behalf under the terms of the advisory agreement we have with our Advisor (our
 Advisory Agreement ). The officers of our Advisor are also officers of us and our Sponsor.    On May 31, 2013, our Advisor
purchased 100 shares of our common stock for $1,000 and became our initial stockholder. Our Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended, authorizes 350,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share and
350,000,000 shares of Class T common stock, $0.001 par value per share and 200,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.001. On June 17, 2013, we commenced a private placement offering to accredited investors only
for a maximum of $109.5 million in shares of common stock, including shares being offered pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (the  Private Offering ). On May 23, 2014, we satisfied the minimum offering requirements of
$1 million from our Private Offering and commenced formal operations. We terminated the Private Offering on January 16, 2015. We raised gross offering proceeds of approximately $7.8 million from the issuance of approximately
830,000 shares pursuant to the Private Offering.    On January 20, 2015 we commenced a public offering of a maximum of
$1.0 billion in common shares for sale to the public (the  Primary Offering ) and $95.0 million in common shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (collectively, the  Public Offering ). On
September 28, 2015, we revised our Primary Offering and are now offering two classes of shares of common stock: Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class A Shares ) and Class T common stock, $0.001
par value per share (the  Class T Shares ). As of September 30, 2016, we had sold approximately 6.2 million Class A Shares and approximately 630,000 Class T Shares in our Public and Private Offerings for gross
proceeds of approximately $63.5 million and approximately $6.4 million, respectively. We intend to invest the net proceeds from our offerings primarily in opportunistic self storage facilities, which may include facilities to be developed,
currently under development or in lease-up and self storage facilities in need of expansion, redevelopment or repositioning. As of September 30, 2016 we owned 16 self storage facilities located in seven states (Arizona, California, Colorado,
Florida, Illinois, Nevada and Texas) and Canada (the Greater Toronto Area).  
      9  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  On April 8, 2016, our board of directors, upon recommendation of its nominating and
corporate governance committee, approved an estimated value per share of our common stock of $10.05 for our Class A Shares and Class T Shares based on the estimated value of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities, or net
asset value, divided by the number of shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis, calculated as of December 31, 2015. See our Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on April 11, 2016 for
a description of the methodologies and assumptions used to determine, and the limitations of, the estimated value per share.    As a result
of the calculation of our estimated value per share, effective on April 14, 2016, the offering price of Class A Shares increased from $10.00 per share to $11.17 per share and the offering price of Class T Shares increased from $9.47
per share to $10.58 per share. Our board of directors determined the new per share offering price of each class of stock by taking the $10.05 estimated value per share and adding the per share up-front sales commissions and dealer manager fees to be
paid with respect to the Class A Shares and Class T Shares, respectively, such that after the payment of such commissions and dealer manager fees, the net proceeds to us will be the same for both Class A Shares and Class T
Shares. In addition, effective April 21, 2016, shares sold pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan will be sold at $10.05 per share for Class A and Class T Shares.  
 Our operating partnership, SS Growth Operating Partnership, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (our  Operating Partnership ),
was formed on March 13, 2013. During 2013, our Advisor purchased a limited partnership interest in our Operating Partnership totaling $201,000 and on May 31, 2013, we contributed the initial $1,000 capital contribution we received to our
Operating Partnership in exchange for the general partner interest. Our Operating Partnership owns, directly or indirectly through one or more special purpose entities, all of the self storage properties that we have acquired and the self storage
properties we will acquire in the future. As of September 30, 2016, we owned approximately 99.7% of the common units of limited partnership interests of our Operating Partnership. The remaining approximate 0.3% of the common units are owned by
our Advisor. As of September 30, 2016, our Operating Partnership had outstanding approximately 200,000 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units (the  Preferred Units ) issued to SSTI Preferred Investor, LLC (the
 Preferred Investor ), formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of SmartStop Self Storage Operating Partnership, L.P., the operating partnership of SmartStop, for a remaining investment in our Operating Partnership of approximately
$5.0 million. Such Preferred Units are now owned by Extra Space subsequent to the Merger. As the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, we have the exclusive power to manage and conduct the business of our Operating Partnership. We
will conduct certain activities through our taxable REIT subsidiary, SS Growth TRS, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  TRS ) which was formed on March 14, 2013, and is a wholly owned subsidiary of our Operating Partnership.  
 Our Property Manager was formed on March 12, 2013 to manage our properties. Our Property Manager derives substantially all of its income
from the property management services it performs for us. Our Property Manager may enter into sub-property management agreements with third party management companies and pay part of its management fee to such sub-property manager. At the
closing of the Merger, we entered into new property management agreements with our Property Manager and our Property Manager entered into sub-property management agreements with an affiliate of Extra Space for the management of our properties in the
United States. Furthermore, Extra Space acquired the rights to the  SmartStop    Self Storage  brand in the United States through the Merger and we can no longer utilize this brand in
the United States. The properties we own were re-branded under the Extra Space name subsequent to the Merger. However, any properties owned or acquired in Canada will be managed by a subsidiary of our Sponsor and will continue to be branded using
the SmartStop    Self Storage brand.    Our dealer manager is Select Capital
Corporation, a California corporation (our  Dealer Manager ). Our Dealer Manager is responsible for marketing our shares being offered pursuant to our Primary Offering. Our president owned, through a wholly-owned limited liability company,
a 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager through August 31, 2014. Effective August 31, 2014, SmartStop indirectly owned such 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager, pursuant to the Self Administration and
Investment Management Transaction. Effective October 1, 2015, in connection with the Merger, the 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager is now owned by our Sponsor. An affiliate of our Dealer Manager continues to own a 2.5%
non-voting membership interest in our Advisor.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  As we accept subscriptions for shares of our common stock, we transfer substantially all of
the net offering proceeds to our Operating Partnership as capital contributions in exchange for additional units of interest in our Operating Partnership. However, we are deemed to have made capital contributions in the amount of gross proceeds
received from investors, and our Operating Partnership is deemed to have simultaneously paid the sales commissions and other costs associated with the Public Offering. In addition, our Operating Partnership is structured to make distributions with
respect to limited partnership units that are equivalent to the distributions made to holders of common stock. Finally, a limited partner in our Operating Partnership may later exchange his or her limited partnership units in our Operating
Partnership for shares of our common stock at any time after one year following the date of issuance of their limited partnership units, subject to certain restrictions outlined in the limited partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership, as
amended (the  Operating Partnership Agreement ). Our Advisor is prohibited from exchanging or otherwise transferring its limited partnership units so long as it is acting as our Advisor pursuant to our Advisory Agreement.  
  Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
   Basis of Presentation    
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ) as contained within the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and the rules and regulations of the SEC.  
   Principles of Consolidation    
 Our financial statements, and the financial statements of our Operating Partnership, including its wholly-owned subsidiaries, are consolidated
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The portion of these entities not wholly-owned by us is presented as noncontrolling interests. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
   Consolidation Considerations    
 Current accounting guidance provides a framework for identifying a variable interest entity ( VIE ) and determining when a company
should include the assets, liabilities, noncontrolling interests, and results of activities of a VIE in its consolidated financial statements. In general, a VIE is an entity or other legal structure used to conduct activities or hold assets that
either (1) has an insufficient amount of equity to carry out its principal activities without additional subordinated financial support, (2) has a group of equity owners that are unable to make significant decisions about its activities,
or (3) has a group of equity owners that do not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive returns generated by its operations. Generally, a VIE should be consolidated if a party with an ownership, contractual, or other
financial interest in the VIE (a variable interest holder) has the power to direct the VIE s most significant activities and the obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits of the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. A
variable interest holder that consolidates the VIE is called the primary beneficiary. Upon consolidation, the primary beneficiary generally must initially record all of the VIE s assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interest at fair value
and subsequently account for the VIE as if it were consolidated based on majority voting interest. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had not entered into contracts/interests that would be deemed to be variable interests in
VIEs.      Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The current economic environment has increased the degree of uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions. Management will adjust such estimates
when facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. The most significant estimates made include the allocation of property purchase price to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at fair value, the determination if certain entities should be consolidated, the evaluation of potential impairment of long-lived assets, and the useful lives of real estate assets and intangibles.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Cash and Cash Equivalents    
 We consider all short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to cash with a maturity of three months or less at the time
of purchase to be cash equivalents.    We may maintain cash equivalents in financial institutions in excess of insured limits, but believe
this risk will be mitigated by only investing in or through major financial institutions.      Real Estate Purchase Price Allocation
     We account for acquisitions in accordance with amended accounting guidance which requires that we allocate the purchase price of
the property to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values. This guidance requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, including fair value estimates, as of the acquisition
date and to adjust those estimates as necessary during the measurement period (defined as the period, not to exceed one year, in which we may adjust the provisional amounts recognized for an acquisition). Acquisitions of portfolios of facilities are
allocated to the individual facilities based upon an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates which take into account the relative size, age, and location of the individual facility along with
current and projected occupancy and rental rate levels or appraised values, if available. Allocations to the individual assets and liabilities are based upon comparable market sales information for land and estimates of depreciated replacement cost
of equipment, building and site improvements. In allocating the purchase price, we determine whether the acquisition includes intangible assets or liabilities. Substantially all of the leases in place at acquired properties are at market rates, as
the majority of the leases are month-to-month contracts. We also consider whether in-place, market leases represent an intangible asset. We recorded approximately $0.6 million and approximately $2.0 million in intangible assets to
recognize the value of in-place leases related to our acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively. We do not expect, nor to date have we recorded, intangible assets for
the value of customer relationships because we expect we will not have concentrations of significant customers and the average customer turnover will be fairly frequent. Our acquisition-related transaction costs are required to be expensed as
incurred. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we expensed approximately $0.1 million and approximately $0.1 million, respectively, of acquisition related transaction costs. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, we expensed approximately $0.8 million and approximately $0.4 million, respectively, of acquisition related transaction costs.  
 Should the initial accounting for an acquisition be incomplete by the end of a reporting period that falls within the measurement period, we
will report provisional amounts in our financial statements. During the measurement period, we will adjust the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as
of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date and we will record those adjustments to our financial statements. We will recognize any measurement period adjustments during the
period in which we determine the amount of the adjustment to our financial statements, potentially including adjustments to interest, depreciation and amortization expense.  
   Evaluation of Possible Impairment of Long-Lived Assets    
 Management continually monitors events and changes in circumstances that could indicate that the carrying amounts of our long-lived assets may
not be recoverable. When indicators of potential impairment are present that indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be recoverable, we will assess the recoverability of the assets by determining whether the carrying value of the
long-lived assets will be recovered through the undiscounted future operating cash flows expected from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying
value, we will adjust the value of the long-lived assets to the fair value and recognize an impairment loss. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no impairment losses were recognized.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Real Estate Held for Sale    
 We generally consider real estate to be  held for sale  when the following criteria are met: (i) management commits to a plan to
sell the property, (ii) the property is available for sale immediately, (iii) the property is actively being marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value, (iv) the sale of the property within
one year is considered probable and (v) significant changes to the plan to sell are not expected. Real estate that is held for sale is classified as  real estate held for sale  in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for
the periods when it was held for sale. Real estate classified as held for sale is no longer depreciated and is reported at the lower of its carrying value or its estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell. Operating results and related gains
(losses) on sale of properties that were disposed of or classified as held for sale in the ordinary course of business are included in continuing operations on the Company s consolidated statements of operations, consistent with current
accounting guidance.      Revenue Recognition    
 Management believes that all of our leases are operating leases. Rental income is recognized in accordance with the terms of the leases, which
generally are month-to-month. Revenues from any long-term operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The excess of rents received over amounts contractually due pursuant to the underlying leases is included
in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets and contractually due but unpaid rent is included in other assets.  
   Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    
 Tenant accounts receivable is reported net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Management s estimate of the allowance is based upon a
review of the current status of tenant accounts receivable. It is reasonably possible that management s estimate of the allowance will change in the future.  
   Real Estate Facilities    
 Real estate facilities are recorded at cost. We capitalize costs incurred to develop, construct, renovate and improve properties, including
interest and property taxes incurred during the construction period. The construction period begins when expenditures for the real estate assets have been made and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use are in
progress. The construction period ends when the asset is substantially complete and ready for its intended use.      Depreciation of
Real Property Assets      Our management is required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of our depreciable assets.
We consider the period of future benefit of the asset to determine the appropriate useful lives.    Depreciation of our real property assets
is charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives as follows:      

Description   
    
  Standard Depreciable Life   

Land  
    
 Not Depreciated  
 
   Buildings  
    
 30-35 years  
 
   Site Improvements  
    
 7-10 years  
     Depreciation of Personal Property Assets    
 Personal property assets consist primarily of furniture, fixtures and equipment and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated
useful lives generally ranging from 3 to 5 years, and are included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Intangible Assets    
 We have allocated a portion of our real estate purchase price to in-place leases. We are amortizing in-place leases on a straight-line basis
over the estimated future benefit period. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the gross amounts allocated to in-place lease intangibles were approximately $3.2 million and approximately $2.7 million, respectively, and
accumulated amortization of in-place lease intangibles totaled approximately $2.2 million and approximately $1.2 million, respectively.  
   Foreign Currency Translation    
 For non-U.S. functional currency operations, assets and liabilities are translated to U.S. dollars at current exchange rates. Revenues and
expenses are translated at the average rates for the period. All related adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of equity. Transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional
currency of the related operation are recorded at rates of exchange in effect at the date of the transaction. Gains or losses on foreign currency transactions are recorded in other income (expense).  
   Debt Issuance Costs    
 The net carrying value of costs incurred in connection with obtaining non-revolving financing are presented in our consolidated balance sheets
as a deduction from secured debt and such amount as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totaled approximately $0.1 million and none, respectively. The net carrying value of costs incurred in connection with obtaining revolving
financing are presented in debt issuance costs on our consolidated balance sheets and such amount as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 totaled approximately $0.4 million and approximately $0.8 million, respectively.
Debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related loan, which is not materially different than the effective interest method.  
   Organizational and Offering Costs    
 Our Advisor may fund organization and offering costs on our behalf. We will be required to reimburse our Advisor for such organization and
offering costs; provided, however, our Advisor must reimburse us within 60 days after the end of the month in which the Primary Offering terminates to the extent we paid or reimbursed organization and offering costs (excluding sales
commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) in excess of 3.5% of the gross offering proceeds from the Primary Offering. Such costs will be recognized as a liability when we have a present responsibility to reimburse our Advisor,
which is defined in our Advisory Agreement as the date we satisfied the minimum offering requirements of our Private Offering (which occurred on May 23, 2014). If at any point in time we determine that the total organization and offering costs
are expected to exceed 3.5% of the gross proceeds anticipated to be received from the Primary Offering, we will recognize such excess as a capital contribution from our Advisor. As of September 30, 2016, we do not believe total organization and
offering costs will exceed 3.5% of the gross proceeds anticipated to be received from the Primary Offering. Offering costs are recorded as an offset to additional paid-in capital, and organization costs are recorded as an expense.  
 The Company pays our Dealer Manager an ongoing stockholder servicing fee that is payable monthly and accrues daily in an amount equal to
1/365th of 1% of the purchase price per share of the Class T Shares sold in the Primary Offering. We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with respect to the Class T shares sold in the Primary Offering at the earlier of
(i) the date we list our shares on a national securities exchange, merge or consolidate with or into another entity, or sell or dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, (ii) the date at which the aggregate underwriting
compensation from all sources equals 10% of the gross proceeds from the sale of both Class A shares and Class T shares in our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding proceeds from sales pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan), which
calculation shall be made by us with the assistance of our Dealer Manager commencing after the termination of the Primary Offering; (iii) the fifth anniversary of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding
our distribution reinvestment plan offering) terminates; and (iv) the date that such Class T share is redeemed or is no longer outstanding. Upon sale of our shares by such broker-dealers, our Dealer Manager re-allows all of the sales
commissions and, subject to certain limitations, the stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with sales made by these broker-dealers. Our Dealer Manager may also re-allow to these broker-dealers a portion of their dealer manager fee as
marketing fees, reimbursement of certain costs and expenses of attending training and education meetings sponsored by our Dealer Manager, payment of attendance fees required for employees of our Dealer Manager or other affiliates to attend retail
seminars and public seminars sponsored by these broker-dealers, or to defray other distribution-related expenses. Our Dealer Manager also receives reimbursement of  
      14  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  
bona fide due diligence expenses; however, to the extent these due diligence expenses cannot be justified, any excess over actual due diligence expenses will be considered underwriting
compensation subject to a 10% FINRA limitation and, when aggregated with all other non-accountable expenses in connection with our Public Offering, may not exceed 3% of gross offering proceeds from sales in the Public Offering. We record a liability
within Due to affiliates for the future estimated stockholder servicing fees as a reduction to additional paid-in capital at the time of sale of the Class T share as an offering cost.  
   Redeemable Common Stock    
 We adopted a share redemption program that will enable stockholders to sell their shares to us in limited circumstances.  
 We record amounts that are redeemable under the share redemption program as redeemable common stock in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheet since the shares are redeemable at the option of the holder and therefore their redemption is outside our control. The maximum amount redeemable under our share redemption program is limited to the number of shares we can repurchase with the
amount of the net proceeds from the sale of shares under the distribution reinvestment plan. However, accounting guidance states that determinable amounts that can become redeemable but that are contingent on an event that is likely to occur (e.g.,
the passage of time) should be presented as redeemable when such amount is known. Therefore, the net proceeds from the distribution reinvestment plan are considered to be temporary equity and are presented as redeemable common stock in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet.    In addition, current accounting guidance requires, among other things, that financial
instruments that represent a mandatory obligation of us to repurchase shares be classified as liabilities and reported at settlement value. Our redeemable common shares will be contingently redeemable at the option of the holder. When we determine
we have a mandatory obligation to repurchase shares under the share redemption program, we will reclassify such obligations from temporary equity to a liability based upon their respective settlement values.  
 Through September 30, 2016 we had not received any requests for redemptions.  
   Accounting for Equity Awards    
 The cost of restricted stock is required to be measured based on the grant date fair value and the cost recognized over the relevant service
period.      Fair Value Measurements    
 The accounting standard for fair value measurements and disclosures defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and
provides for expanded disclosure about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined by the accounting standard for fair value measurements and disclosures as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability
(an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. It also establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and
unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into three levels. The following summarizes the three levels of inputs and hierarchy of fair value we will use when measuring fair value:  

Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access;    

Level 2 inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, as well as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals; and    

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the assets or liabilities that are typically based on an entity s own assumptions as there is little, if any, related market activity.    
 In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the
fair value measurement will fall within the lowest level that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  The accounting guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures provides a framework for
measuring fair value and establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. In determining fair value, we will utilize valuation
techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as consider counterparty credit risk in our assessment of fair value. Considerable judgment will be necessary to
interpret Level 2 and 3 inputs in determining fair value of our financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the fair values we will present will be indicative of amounts that may ultimately be
realized upon sale or other disposition of these assets.    Financial and non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
non-recurring basis in our consolidated financial statements consist of real estate and related liabilities assumed related to our acquisitions. The fair values of these assets and liabilities were determined as of the acquisition dates using widely
accepted valuation techniques, including (i) discounted cash flow analysis, which considers, among other things, leasing assumptions, growth rates, discount rates and terminal capitalization rates, (ii) income capitalization approach,
which considers prevailing market capitalization rates, and (iii) comparable sales activity. In general, we consider multiple valuation techniques when measuring fair values. However, in certain circumstances, a single valuation technique may
be appropriate. All of the fair values of the assets and liabilities as of the acquisition dates were derived using Level 3 inputs.    The
carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, tenant accounts receivable, other assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, distributions payable and amounts due to affiliates will approximate fair value because of their relatively short-term
nature.    To comply with GAAP, we incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our own nonperformance risk and
the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, we will consider the impact of netting and any applicable credit
enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees.      Noncontrolling Interest in Consolidated
Entities      We account for the noncontrolling interest in our Operating Partnership in accordance with the related accounting
guidance. Due to our control through our general partnership interest in our Operating Partnership and the limited rights of the limited partner, our Operating Partnership, including its wholly-owned subsidiaries, are consolidated with the Company
and the limited partner interest is reflected as a noncontrolling interest in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The noncontrolling interest shall be attributed its share of income and losses, even if that attribution results in a deficit
noncontrolling interest balance.      Income Taxes    
 We made an election to be taxed as a Real Estate Investment Trust ( REIT ), under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2014. To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must meet certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to
distribute at least 90% of the REIT s ordinary taxable income to stockholders. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any
taxable year, we will then be subject to federal income taxes on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year during
which qualification is lost unless the IRS grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are
organized and operate in such a manner as to continue to qualify for treatment as a REIT and intend to operate in the foreseeable future in such a manner that we will remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.  
 Even if we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and property, and
federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income.    We filed elections to treat our TRS as a taxable REIT subsidiary effective
January 1, 2014. In general, the TRS performs additional services for our customers and generally engages in any real estate or non-real estate related business. The TRS is subject to corporate federal and state income tax. The TRS follows
accounting guidance which requires the use of the asset and liability method. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effect of future differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Per Share Data    
 Basic earnings per share attributable to our common stockholders for all periods presented are computed by dividing net income (loss)
attributable to our common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period, excluding unvested restricted stock. Diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing net income (loss) attributable to our common
stockholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding, adjusted for the dilutive effect of unvested restricted stock, utilizing the treasury stock method. For all periods presented the dilutive effective of unrestricted stock was not
included in the diluted weighted average shares as such shares were antidilutive.      Recently Issued Accounting Guidance    
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued  ASU 2014-09 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ( ASU 2014-09 )  as Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 606. The objective of
 ASU 2014-09  is to establish a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and will supersede most of the existing revenue recognition
guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In applying the new standard, companies will perform a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized.
 ASU 2014-09  applies to all contracts with customers except those that are within the scope of other topics in the FASB ASC. In July 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to annual
reporting periods (including interim periods within those periods) beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. This ASU shall still be applied using either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach. We are
in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on our consolidated financial statements and the impact is unknown at this time.  
 In February 2015, the FASB issued  ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments
to the Consolidation Analysis.   ASU 2015-02  changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. Specifically,  ASU 2015-02  modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are VIEs or voting interest entities, eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a
limited partnership, and affects the evaluation of fee arrangements in the primary beneficiary determination.  ASU 2015-02  is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption
is permitted. We adopted this ASU in the interim period ended March 31, 2016 and its adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
 In April 2015, the FASB issued  ASU 2015-03,   Interest   Imputation of Interest  (Subtopic 835-30):  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   ASU 2015-03  requires that debt issuance costs be presented in the balance sheet as a
direct deduction from the carrying amount of debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. Given the absence of authoritative guidance within  ASU 2015-03  for debt issuance costs related to
line-of-credit arrangements, in August 2015, the FASB issued  ASU 2015-15,   Interest   Imputation of Interest  (Subtopic 835-30),  Presentation and
Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements , which clarifies ASU  No. 2015-03  by stating that the staff of the SEC would not object to an entity
deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the
line-of-credit arrangement.  ASU 2015-03  and  ASU 2015-15  are effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. We
adopted this ASU in the period ended March 31, 2016 and its adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842) , which amends
the guidance on accounting for leases. Under  ASU 2016-02,  lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a
lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the
lease term. Under  ASU 2016-02,  lessor accounting is largely unchanged. It also includes extensive amendments to the disclosure requirements.  ASU 2016-02  is
effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not yet been made available for issuance.  ASU 2016-02 
requires a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this
standard on our consolidated financial statements and the impact is unknown at this time.    In August 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   ASU 2016-15  addresses eight
classification issues related to the statement of cash flows. The guidance will become effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this standard on
our consolidated financial statements and the impact is unknown at this time.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
   Note 3. Real Estate Facilities   
 The following summarizes the activity in real estate facilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  
   
   On August 24, 2016, we executed a purchase and sale agreement (the  San Antonio II Sale
Agreement ) with an unaffiliated third party (the  Buyer ) for the sale of a self storage facility and industrial warehouse/office space we own in San Antonio, Texas (the  San Antonio II Property ). The San
Antonio II Property was purchased by us in the first quarter of 2016 as part of a portfolio of four properties. In the purchase agreement for the portfolio of properties, $12.3 million of the total purchase price for the four properties
was allocated to the San Antonio Property, excluding acquisition costs.    The sale price for the San Antonio II Property is
approximately $15.65 million, less closing costs and disposition fees payable to our Advisor. The Buyer made a deposit of $250,000 in connection with the execution of the San Antonio II Sale Agreement. The San Antonio II Sale
Agreement provides for a due diligence period of approximately three months during which the Buyer may terminate the San Antonio II Sale Agreement (with a full return of the earnest money), for any reason. The current outside closing date is
during the fourth quarter of 2016, although such closing may occur earlier upon satisfaction of certain conditions. The San Antonio II Sale Agreement is subject to various contingencies and we cannot provide assurance whether or when this
transaction will occur.    The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation for our acquisitions during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016:      

(1)   
 The allocations noted above are based on a preliminary determination of the fair value of the total consideration provided. Such valuations may change as we complete our purchase price accounting.    

(2)   
 The operating results of the facilities acquired above have been included in our statement of operations since their respective acquisition date.    

(3)   
 Property operating income excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, asset management fees, interest expense, depreciation, amortization and acquisition expenses.    

(4)   
 Stoney Creek and Torbarrie are self storage properties that are under construction.    
      18  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  The purchase price allocations included above are preliminary and therefore, subject to
change upon the completion of our analysis of appraisals and other information related to the acquisitions. We anticipate finalizing the purchase price allocations by December 31, 2016, as further evaluations are completed and additional
information is received from third parties.    We incurred acquisition fees to our Advisor related to the above properties of approximately
$0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.     Note 4. Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited)   
 The table set forth below summarizes on an unaudited pro forma basis the combined results of operations of the Company for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as if the Company s acquisitions completed during 2015 and 2016 were completed as of January 1, 2015. This pro forma information does not purport to represent what the actual results of operations of
the Company would have been for the periods indicated, nor do they purport to predict the results of operations for future periods.      
   The pro forma financial information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were adjusted to exclude
approximately $0.7 million and $0.4 million, respectively, for acquisition related expenses.     Note 5. Secured Debt   
  KeyBank Facility     On
July 31, 2014, we, through our Operating Partnership and certain property-owning special purpose entities wholly-owned by our Operating Partnership (collectively with the Operating Partnership, the  Borrower ), obtained a senior
secured revolving loan (the  KeyBank Facility ) from KeyBank National Association ( KeyBank ) pursuant to a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) for the purpose of funding real property acquisitions. The maximum
potential amount we may borrow under the KeyBank Facility is $40 million.    The KeyBank Facility has an initial term of three years,
maturing on July 31, 2017, with two one-year extension options subject to certain conditions outlined further in the Credit Agreement. Payments due pursuant to the KeyBank Facility are interest-only for the first 36 months and a 30-year
amortization schedule thereafter. The KeyBank Facility normally bears interest at the Borrower s option of either (i) LIBOR plus 325 basis points, or (ii) Base Rate plus 225 basis points. Base Rate is the greater of (i) Agent
Prime or (ii) the Fed Funds rate plus 0.50%. As of September 30, 2016, the interest rate was approximately 3.8%, which was based on LIBOR plus 325 basis points.  
 The KeyBank Facility is full recourse, jointly and severally, to Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc. and the Borrower and is secured by
cross-collateralized first mortgage liens on the Mortgaged Properties (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The KeyBank Facility may be prepaid or terminated at any time without penalty, provided, however, that KeyBank shall be indemnified for any
breakage costs associated with any LIBOR borrowings. Pursuant to that certain guaranty dated July 31, 2014 in favor of KeyBank, we serve as a guarantor of all obligations due under the KeyBank Facility.  
 Under certain conditions, we may cause the release of one or more of the properties serving as collateral for the KeyBank Facility, subject to
no default or event of default is then outstanding or would reasonably occur as a result of such release, including compliance with the Pool Debt-Service Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement).  
 The KeyBank Facility contains a number of other customary terms and covenants, including the following (capitalized terms are as defined in
the Credit Agreement): the aggregate borrowing base availability under the KeyBank Facility is limited to the lesser of: (1) 55% of the Pool Value of the properties in the collateral pool, or (2) an amount that would provide a minimum Debt
Service Coverage Ratio of no less than 1.35 to 1.0; and we must meet the following financial tests, calculated as of the close of each fiscal quarter: (1) a Total Leverage Ratio of no more than 60%; (2) a Tangible Net Worth not less than
(a) $5,937,713, plus (b) 80% of Net Equity Proceeds received after the Effective Date, less (c) any amounts paid  
      19  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  
for the redemption or retirement of the Preferred Equity Investment; (3) an Interest Coverage Ratio of no less than 1.85 to 1.0 as of September 30, 2016 and on each quarter end
thereafter; (4) a Fixed Charge Ratio of no less than 1.6 to 1.0; (5) a ratio of varying rate Indebtedness to total Indebtedness not in excess of 30%; (6) a Loan to Value Ratio of not greater than fifty-five percent (55%); and
(7) a Debt Service Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.35 to 1.0.    On August 1, 2016, our Operating Partnership purchased an
interest rate cap with a notional amount of $35 million, such that in no event will our interest rate exceed 5.25% thereon through August 1, 2017.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding principal balance under the KeyBank Facility was $36.6 million. As of December 31,
2015, the outstanding principal balance under the KeyBank Facility was $38.3 million.     The Baseline Loan   
 On May 26, 2016, the special-purpose entity (a subsidiary of our Operating Partnership) which acquired and owns our property in Phoenix,
Arizona (the  Baseline Property ) entered into a loan agreement for a loan in the amount of approximately $5.1 million (the  Baseline Loan ) with TCF National Bank ( TCF ) as the lender. The Baseline Loan has
a maturity date of May 26, 2019, unless extended for up to an additional three years. Payments due under the Baseline Loan are interest-only and due on the first day of each month. The Baseline Loan bears interest at a variable interest
rate, which adjusts monthly to be equal to 2.75% in excess of the LIBOR Rate (as defined in the Baseline Loan agreement), subject to a minimum rate of 3.25% per annum.  
 The Baseline Loan is secured by a first lien deed of trust on the Baseline Property. We may prepay the Baseline Loan at any time, without
penalty, in whole or in part. Pursuant to that certain guaranty, dated May 26, 2016, in favor of TCF, we provided a guaranty of the Baseline Loan.  
 The Baseline Loan contains a number of other customary terms and covenants.  
  Future Principal Requirements   
 The following table presents the future principal payment requirements on outstanding secured debt as of September 30, 2016:  
   
    Note 6. Preferred Equity   
   Issuance of Preferred Units by our Operating Partnership    
 On July 31, 2014, we and our Operating Partnership entered into a Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Unit Purchase Agreement
(the  Unit Purchase Agreement ) with the Preferred Investor. Pursuant to the Unit Purchase Agreement, the Preferred Investor agreed to provide up to $18,100,000 through a preferred equity investment in our Operating Partnership (the
 Investment ), to be used solely for investments in self storage properties, as described in the underlying documents, in exchange for up to 724,000 Preferred Units, each having a liquidation preference of $25.00 per Preferred Unit (the
 Liquidation Amount ), plus all accrued and unpaid distributions. During 2014 and 2015, in a number of transactions, the Preferred Investor invested a total of approximately $17.5 million in our Operating Partnership and was issued
approximately 700,000 Preferred Units. In September 2015, we redeemed $1.5 million of the Liquidation Amount of the Preferred Units.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  In addition to the Unit Purchase Agreement, we and our Operating Partnership entered into a
Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Operating Partnership (the  Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement ), and Amended and Restated Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated
Limited Partnership Agreement (the  First Amendment ). The Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement authorized the issuance of additional classes of units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership,
established a new series of preferred units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership and set forth other necessary corresponding changes. All other terms of the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement remained
substantially the same as the original Limited Partnership Agreement. The First Amendment sets forth key terms of the Preferred Units, some of which are discussed below.  
 The holder of Preferred Units received current distributions (the  Current Distributions ) at a rate of one-month LIBOR plus 6.5%
per annum on the Liquidation Amount, payable monthly and calculated on an actual/360 basis. In addition to the Current Distributions, our Operating Partnership had the obligation to elect either to (A) pay the holder of the Preferred Units
additional distributions monthly in an amount that would accrue at the rate of: (i) 4.35% until January 31, 2017; and (ii) thereafter, 6.35% or (B) defer the additional distributions in an amount that would accrue monthly at the
rate of (i) for the period until January 31, 2017, LIBOR plus 10.85% and (ii) thereafter, LIBOR plus 12.85% (the  Deferred Distributions ). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had elected to defer
the additional distributions and had accrued approximately $1.5 million and $0.9 million of such distributions, respectively.  
 The Preferred Units were redeemable by our Operating Partnership, in whole or in part, at the option of our Operating Partnership at any time.
The redemption price (the  Redemption Price ) for the Preferred Units was equal to: (i) in the event of a partial redemption, the sum of the Liquidation Amount plus all accumulated and unpaid Current Distributions thereon to the date
of redemption; and (ii) in the event of the redemption of all outstanding Preferred Units, the sum of the Liquidation Amount plus all accumulated and unpaid Current Distributions and any accumulated Deferred Distributions thereon to the date of
redemption. If fewer than all of the outstanding Preferred Units were redeemed at the option of our Operating Partnership, the Preferred Units redeemed were determined pro rata or by lot or in such other manner as determined by us, as the general
partner of our Operating Partnership to be fair and equitable to all holders of the Preferred Units.    The holder of the Preferred Units
could have required our Operating Partnership to repurchase the Preferred Units upon the occurrence of any of the following (each an  Optional Repurchase Event  and as defined within the Amendment): (A) a breach of any of the
Protective Provisions; (B) an Event of Default; (C) a Change of Control that was not consented to in accordance with the terms of the Amendment; (D) our failure to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code; or (E) the
occurrence and continuance of a monetary or a material default beyond any applicable cure period under any of the loan documents for each of the properties in the portfolio. The repurchase price for the Preferred Units would have been the Redemption
Price.    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we redeemed $11 million of the Liquidation Amount of the Preferred
Units. As of September 30, 2016, the Preferred Investor had a remaining amount invested of approximately $5.0 million and approximately 200,000 Preferred Units in our Operating Partnership.  
 During October 2016, we redeemed the remaining approximately $5.0 million in Liquidation Amount of the Preferred Units outstanding
and approximately $1.5 million in deferred distributions owed thereon. No further Preferred Units are outstanding and no further deferred distributions are owed, such that we no longer have any remaining obligations related to the Preferred
Units.     Note 7. Related Party Transactions   
   Fees to Affiliates    
 Our Advisory Agreement with our Advisor and dealer manager agreement ( Dealer Manager Agreement ) with our Dealer Manager, entitle
our Advisor and our Dealer Manager to specified fees upon the provision of certain services with regard to the Public Offering and investment of funds in real estate properties, among other services, as well as reimbursement for organizational and
offering costs incurred by our Advisor on our behalf and reimbursement of certain costs and expenses incurred by our Advisor in providing services to us. Additionally, the advisory agreement (the  Private Offering Advisory Agreement ) and
dealer manager agreement (the  Private Offering Dealer Manager Agreement ) executed in connection with the Private Offering, entitled our Advisor and our Dealer Manager to specified fees upon the provision of certain services with regard
to the Private Offering and investment of funds in real estate properties, among other services, as well as reimbursement for organizational and offering costs incurred by our Advisor on our behalf and reimbursement of certain costs and expenses
incurred by our Advisor in providing services to us.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Organization and Offering Costs    
 Organization and offering costs of the Private Offering were paid by our Advisor on our behalf and were reimbursed to our Advisor from the
proceeds of our Private Offering pursuant to the Private Offering Advisory Agreement. Organization and offering costs incurred in connection with the Private Offering consisted of all expenses (other than sales commissions and the dealer manager
fee) to be paid by us in connection with the Private Offering, including our legal, accounting, printing, mailing and filing fees, charges of our escrow holder and other accountable organization and offering expenses, including, but not limited to,
(i) amounts to reimburse our Advisor for all marketing related costs and expenses such as salaries and direct expenses of employees of our Advisor and its affiliates in connection with registering and marketing our shares; (ii) technology
costs associated with the Private Offering; (iii) our costs of conducting our training and education meetings; (iv) our costs of attending retail seminars conducted by participating broker-dealers; and (v) payment or reimbursement of
bona fide due diligence expenses. We have incurred and will continue to incur similar organization and offering costs in connection with the Public Offering. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, our Advisor must reimburse us within 60 days after
the end of the month which the Public Offering terminates to the extent we paid or reimbursed organization and offering costs (excluding sales commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) in excess of 3.5% of the gross offering
proceeds from the Public Offering.      Advisory Agreement    
 We do not have any employees. Our Advisor is primarily responsible for managing our business affairs and carrying out the directives of our
board of directors. Our Advisor receives various fees and expenses under the terms of our Advisory Agreement and the Private Offering Advisory Agreement (which terminated upon commencement of the Advisory Agreement). As discussed above, we are
required under our Advisory Agreement to reimburse our Advisor for organization and offering costs from the Public Offering; provided, however, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, our Advisor will be required to reimburse us within 60 days
after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminates to the extent we paid or reimbursed organization and offering costs (excluding sales commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) in excess of 3.5% of the gross
offering proceeds from the Primary Offering.    The Advisory Agreement also requires our Advisor to reimburse us to the extent that offering
expenses, including sales commissions, dealer manager fees, stockholder servicing fees and organization and offering expenses, are in excess of 15% of gross proceeds from the Public Offering. Our Advisor receives acquisition fees equal to 1.75%
pursuant to the Advisory Agreement and 1% pursuant to the Private Offering Advisory Agreement, respectively, of the contract purchase price of each property we acquire plus reimbursement of any acquisition expenses incurred by our Advisor. Our
Advisor also receives a monthly asset management fee equal to 0.04167%, which is one-twelfth of 0.5%, of our average invested assets, as defined. We also pay our Advisor a financing fee of up to 0.5% of the borrowed amount of a loan for arranging
for financing in connection with the acquisition, development or repositioning of our properties. Our Advisor may reallow a portion of the financing fee to a third party in the event such party assisted us in arranging such financing.  
 Under our Advisory Agreement, our Advisor receives disposition fees in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) one-half of the competitive
real estate commission or (ii) 1% of the contract sale price for each property we sell, as long as our Advisor provides substantial assistance in connection with the sale. As provided under the Advisory Agreement, the total real estate
commissions paid (including the disposition fee paid to our Advisor) may not exceed the lesser of a competitive real estate commission or an amount equal to 6% of the contract sale price of the property. We also may pay our Advisor or its affiliate
a market-based development fee some or all of which may be reallowed to a third party developer. The development fee is paid in connection with properties that we anticipate developing or expanding within 12 months of the acquisition of such
properties. A development fee to a third party developer may take the form of an up-front fee and participation in a back-end performance fee. Our Advisor is also entitled to various subordinated distributions under the Second Amended and Restated
Limited Partnership Agreement if we (1) list our shares of common stock on a national exchange, (2) terminate our Advisory Agreement (other than a voluntary termination), (3) liquidate our portfolio, or (4) merge with another
entity or enter into an Extraordinary Transaction, as defined in the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement.    Our
Advisory Agreement provides for reimbursement of our Advisor s direct and indirect costs of providing administrative and management services to us. Beginning four fiscal quarters after we acquire our first real estate asset, pursuant to the
Advisory Agreement, our Advisor is required to pay or reimburse us the amount by which our aggregate annual operating expenses, as defined, exceed the greater of 2% of our average invested assets or 25% of our net income, as
 
      22  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  
defined, unless a majority of our independent directors determine that such excess expenses were justified based on unusual and non-recurring factors. For any fiscal quarter for which total
operating expenses for the 12 months then ended exceed the limitation, we will disclose this fact in our next quarterly report or within 60 days of the end of that quarter and send a written disclosure of this fact to our stockholders. In
each case the disclosure will include an explanation of the factors that the independent directors considered in arriving at the conclusion that the excess expenses were justified.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had incurred total operating expenses for the 12 months then ended that exceeded the greater of 2% of
our average invested assets or 25% of our net income, as defined, in the four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended by approximately $35,000 (the  Excess Expenses ). On November 7, 2016, our board of directors, including all of
the independent directors, determined that there were unusual and non-recurring factors sufficient to justify the Excess Expenses, including but not limited to: (1) the amounts reflect legitimate operating expenses necessary for the operation
of our business; (2) we are still in the acquisition and development stage of our operations; (3) the start-up costs associated with our operations, including the expenses associated with being a public company (such as audit and legal
services, director and officer liability insurance and fees for directors), are significant and disproportionate to our average invested assets and net income; (4) our average invested assets was low due to us owning between nine and fourteen
operating properties during the four fiscal quarter period; and (5) our focus on acquisition of self storage properties that are not yet stabilized.  
   Dealer Manager Agreement    
 In connection with our Private Offering, our Dealer Manager received a sales commission of up to 7.0% of gross proceeds from sales in the
Private Offering and a dealer manager fee equal to up to 3.75% of gross proceeds from sales in the Private Offering under the terms of the dealer manager agreement for our Private Offering (the  Private Offering Dealer Manager Agreement ).
In connection with our Primary Offering, our Dealer Manager receives a sales commission of up to 7.0% of gross proceeds from sales of Class A Shares and up to 2.0% of gross proceeds from the sales of Class T Shares in the Primary Offering
and a dealer manager fee up to 3.0% of gross proceeds from sales of both Class A Shares and Class T Shares in the Primary Offering under the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement. In addition, our Dealer Manager receives an ongoing
stockholder servicing fee that is payable monthly and accrues daily in an amount equal to 1/365th of 1% of the purchase price per share of the Class T Shares sold in the Primary Offering. We will cease paying the stockholder servicing fee with
respect to the Class T shares sold in the Primary Offering at the earlier of (i) the date we list our shares on a national securities exchange, merge or consolidate with or into another entity, or sell or dispose of all or substantially
all of our assets, (ii) the date at which the aggregate underwriting compensation from all sources equals 10% of the gross proceeds from the sale of both Class A shares and Class T shares in our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding
proceeds from sales pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan), which calculation shall be made by us with the assistance of our Dealer Manager commencing after the termination of the Primary Offering; (iii) the fifth anniversary of the
last day of the fiscal quarter in which our Primary Offering (i.e., excluding our distribution reinvestment plan offering) terminates; and (iv) the date that such Class T share is redeemed or is no longer outstanding. Our Dealer Manager
has entered into participating dealer agreements with certain other broker-dealers which authorizes them to sell our shares. Upon sale of our shares by such broker-dealers, our Dealer Manager re-allows all of the sales commissions and, subject to
certain limitations, the stockholder servicing fees paid in connection with sales made by these broker-dealers. Our Dealer Manager may also re-allow to these broker-dealers a portion of their dealer manager fee as marketing fees, reimbursement of
certain costs and expenses of attending training and education meetings sponsored by our Dealer Manager, payment of attendance fees required for employees of our Dealer Manager or other affiliates to attend retail seminars and public seminars
sponsored by these broker-dealers, or to defray other distribution-related expenses. Our Dealer Manager also receives reimbursement of bona fide due diligence expenses; however, to the extent these due diligence expenses cannot be justified, any
excess over actual due diligence expenses will be considered underwriting compensation subject to a 10% FINRA limitation and, when aggregated with all other non-accountable expenses in connection with our Public Offering, may not exceed 3% of gross
offering proceeds from sales in the Public Offering.      Affiliated Dealer Manager    
 Our President and Chief Executive Officer owned, through a wholly-owned limited liability company, a 15% non-voting equity interest in our
Dealer Manager through August 31, 2014. Effective August 31, 2014, SmartStop indirectly owned the 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager, pursuant to the Self Administration and Investment Management Transaction. Effective
October 1, 2015, in connection with the Merger, the 15% non-voting equity interest in our Dealer Manager is now owned by our Sponsor. An affiliate of our Dealer Manager continues to own a 2.5% non-voting membership interest in our Advisor.  

      23  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Property Management Agreement    
 Through September 30, 2015, each of our self storage properties was managed by our Property Manager under separate property management
agreements. Under each agreement, our Property Manager received a fee for its services in managing our properties, generally equal to the greater of $3,000 or 6% of the gross revenues from the properties plus reimbursement of the Property
Manager s costs of managing the properties. Reimbursable costs and expenses included wages and salaries and other expenses of employees engaged in operating, managing and maintaining our properties. Our Property Manager also received a one-time
fee for each property acquired by us that was managed by our Property Manager in the amount of $3,750. In the event that our Property Manager assisted with the development or redevelopment of a property, we paid a separate market-based fee for such
services. In addition, our Property Manager was entitled to a construction management fee equal to 5% of the cost of construction or capital improvement work in excess of $10,000 and an administration fee equal to $0.50 a month for each insurance
policy purchased by a tenant at one of our properties in connection with the tenant insurance program. Additionally, each agreement included a non-solicitation provision and a provision regarding the Property Manager s use of trademarks and
other intellectual property owned by SmartStop.    As of October 1, 2015, each of our self storage properties located in the United
States are subject to separate property management agreements with our Property Manager, which in turn has entered into sub-property management agreements with Extra Space, which provides on-site management of our properties. Such agreements
were entered into effective on October 1, 2015. Under the property management agreements, our Property Manager receives a monthly management fee of $2,500 or 6% of the gross revenues, whichever is greater, plus reimbursement of the Property
Manager s costs of managing the properties. Extra Space agreed to pay up to $25,000 for each property managed toward the signage and set-up costs associated with converting each property to the Extra Space brand (the  Set-Up Amount ).
The property management agreements have a three year term and automatically renew for successive one year periods thereafter, unless we or our Property Manager provides prior written notice at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the term.
We may terminate a property management agreement without cause at any time during the initial three year term if we pay the Property Manager a termination fee equal to the Set-Up Amount, reduced by 1/36th of the Set-Up Amount for every full month of
the term. After the end of the initial three year term, we may terminate a property management agreement on 30 days prior written notice without payment of a termination fee. Our Property Manager may terminate a property management agreement on
60 days prior written notice to us.    The sub-property management agreements between our Property Manager and Extra Space are
substantially the same as the property management agreements between us and our Property Manager. Under the sub-property management agreements, our Property Manager pays Extra Space a monthly management fee of $2,500 or 6% of the gross revenues,
whichever is greater, plus reimbursement of Extra Space s costs of managing the properties; provided, however that no management fee is due and payable to Extra Space for the months of January and July each year during the term. Extra Space has
the exclusive right to offer tenant insurance to the tenants and is entitled to all of the benefits of such tenant insurance. The sub-property management agreements also have a three year term and automatically renew for successive one year periods
thereafter, unless our Property Manager or Extra Space provides prior written notice at least 90 days prior to the expiration of the term. Our Property Manager may terminate the sub-property management agreement without cause at any time during
the initial three year term if it pays Extra Space a termination fee equal to the Set-Up Amount, reduced by 1/36th of the Set-Up Amount for every full month of the term. After the end of the initial three year term, our Property Manager may
terminate a sub-property management agreement on 30 days prior written notice without payment of a termination fee. Extra Space may terminate a property management agreement on 60 days prior written notice to our Property Manager.  
 In addition, we entered into an agreement with Extra Space and our Property Manager in which we agreed that, subject to certain limitations,
our Property Manager will retain Extra Space as sub-property manager for all self storage properties we acquire in the United States that will be managed by our Property Manager. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements described above, the following
table summarizes related party costs incurred and paid by us for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as well as any related amounts payable as of December 31, 2015 and September 30,
2016:  
      24  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       

(2)   
 The Company pays our Dealer Manager an ongoing stockholder servicing fee that is payable monthly and accrues daily in an amount equal to 1/365th of 1% of the purchase price per share of the Class T Shares sold in
the Primary Offering. As of September 30, 2016, we had incurred approximately $315,000 and paid approximately $12,000 of such stockholder servicing fees.    
   Extra Space Self Storage    
 In connection with the merger of SmartStop into Extra Space, certain of our executive officers, including H. Michael Schwartz, Paula
Mathews, Michael McClure and James Berg, received units of limited partnership interest in Extra Space Storage LP, the operating partnership for Extra Space, in exchange for units of limited partnership of SmartStop Self Storage Operating
Partnership, L.P., the operating partnership for SmartStop, owned by such executives.      Tenant Protection Plan    
 During the first quarter of 2016, in connection with our acquisition of a property located in Canada, our board of directors approved our
participation in a tenant protection plan pursuant to which we will receive 50% of the net revenues generated for each tenant protection plan purchased by a customer at our Canadian properties and our Property Manager will receive the other 50% of
such net revenues.     Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies   
   Distribution Reinvestment Plan    
 We have adopted an amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan that allows both our Class A and Class T stockholders to have
distributions otherwise distributable to them invested in additional shares of our Class A and Class T Shares, respectively. As of April 21, 2016, the purchase price per share is equivalent to our estimated value per share of $10.05.
We may amend or terminate the amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan for any reason at any time upon 10 days  prior written notice to stockholders. No sales commissions or dealer manager fee will be paid on shares sold through
the amended and restated distribution reinvestment plan. As of September 30, 2016, we had sold approximately 69,000 shares through our distribution reinvestment plan offering for Class A Shares and Class T Shares.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
    Share Redemption Program    
 We adopted a share redemption program that enables stockholders to sell their shares to us in limited circumstances. As long as our common
stock is not listed on a national securities exchange or over-the-counter market, our stockholders who have held their stock for at least one year may be able to have all or any portion of their shares of stock redeemed by us. We may redeem the
shares of stock presented for redemption for cash to the extent that we have sufficient funds available to fund such redemption.    Our
board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the share redemption program with 30 days  notice to our stockholders. We may provide this notice by including such information in a Current Report on
 Form 8-K  or in our annual or quarterly reports, all publicly filed with the SEC, or by a separate mailing to our stockholders. The complete terms of our share redemption program are described in our
prospectus.    The amount that we may pay to redeem stock for redemptions is the redemption price set forth in the following table which is
based upon the number of years the stock is held:      

Number Years Held   
    
  Redemption Price   

Less than 1  
    
 No Redemption Allowed  
 
   1 or more but less than 3  
    
 90.0% of Redemption Amount  
 
   3 or more but less than 4  
    
 95.0% of Redemption Amount  
 
   4 or more  
    
 100.0% of Redemption Amount  
   At any time we are engaged in an offering of shares, the Redemption Amount for shares purchased under our
share redemption program will always be equal to or lower than the applicable per share offering price. As long as we are engaged in an offering, the Redemption Amount shall be the lesser of the amount the stockholder paid for their shares or the
price per share in the current offering. If we are no longer engaged in an offering, the per share Redemption Amount will be determined by our board of directors. Our board of directors will announce any redemption price adjustment and the time
period of its effectiveness as a part of its regular communications with our stockholders. At any time the redemption price during an offering is determined by any method other than the offering price, if we have sold property and have made one or
more special distributions to our stockholders of all or a portion of the net proceeds from such sales, the per share redemption price will be reduced by the net sale proceeds per share distributed to investors prior to the redemption date as a
result of the sale of such property in the special distribution. Our board of directors will, in its sole discretion, determine which distributions, if any, constitute a special distribution. While our board of directors does not have specific
criteria for determining a special distribution, we expect that a special distribution will only occur upon the sale of a property and the subsequent distribution of the net sale proceeds.  
 The Redemption Amount for shares received as a stock distribution shall be equal to the lesser of the per share amount the stockholder paid
for the original shares purchased or the price per share in the current offering. The length of time shares received as a stock distribution are held shall start on the date such stock distribution was declared. In addition, the redemption price per
share will be adjusted for any stock combinations, splits and recapitalizations with respect to the shares of common stock and reduced by the aggregate amount of net sale or refinance proceeds per share, if any, distributed to the redeeming
stockholder prior to the redemption date.    There are several limitations on our ability to redeem shares under the share redemption
program including, but not limited to:      

Unless the shares are being redeemed in connection with a stockholder s death,  qualifying disability  (as defined under the share redemption program) or bankruptcy, we may not redeem shares until the
stockholder has held his or her shares for one year.        

During any calendar year, we will not redeem in excess of 5% of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year.    

The cash available for redemption is limited to the proceeds from the sale of shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan.    

We have no obligation to redeem shares if the redemption would violate the restrictions on distributions under Maryland law, which prohibits distributions that would cause a corporation to fail to meet statutory tests
of solvency.    
      26  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
  Through September 30, 2016, we had not received any requests for the redemption of
shares under our share redemption program.      Operating Partnership Redemption Rights    
 The limited partners of our Operating Partnership have the right to cause our Operating Partnership to redeem their limited partnership units
for cash equal to the value of an equivalent number of our shares, or, at our option, we may purchase their limited partnership units by issuing one share of our common stock for each limited partnership unit redeemed. These rights may not be
exercised under certain circumstances that could cause us to lose our REIT election. Furthermore, limited partners may exercise their redemption rights only after their limited partnership units have been outstanding for one year. Our Advisor is
prohibited from exchanging or otherwise transferring its limited partnership units so long as our Advisor is acting as our advisor under the Advisory Agreement.  
   Other Contingencies    
 From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not aware of any legal
proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, nor are we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities.  
  Note 9. Potential Acquisitions   
   Pembroke Pines, Florida    
 On February 8, 2016, one of our subsidiaries executed a purchase and sale agreement with an unaffiliated third party for the acquisition
of property that will be developed into a self storage facility located in Pembroke Pines, Florida (the  Pembroke Pines Property ). The Pembroke Pines Property currently consists of a tract of land that will be developed by the seller into
a self storage facility. The purchase price for the Pembroke Pines Property is approximately $15.7 million, plus closing costs and acquisition fees. We expect the acquisition of the Pembroke Pines Property to close in the third or fourth
quarter of 2017 after construction is complete on the self storage facility and a certificate of occupancy has been issued. We expect to fund such acquisition with a combination of net proceeds from our Public Offering and/or through a drawdown on
future credit facilities. If we fail to acquire the Pembroke Property, in addition to the incurred acquisition costs, we may also forfeit earnest money as a result.  
  Note 10. Selected Quarterly Data (Unaudited)   
 The following is a summary of quarterly financial information for the periods shown below:  

27  

Table of Contents  

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  September 30, 2016       
   Note 11. Declaration of Distributions   
   Cash Distribution Declaration    
 On September 21, 2016, our board of directors declared a daily distribution in the amount of $0.0010928962 per share on the outstanding
shares of common stock, payable to both Class A and Class T stockholders of record of such shares as shown on our books as of the close of business on each day during the period commencing on October 1, 2016 and ending
December 31, 2016. Such distributions payable to each stockholder of record during a month will be paid the following month.     Note 12. Subsequent
Events       Offering Status    
 As of November 3, 2016, in connection with our Public Offering we had issued approximately 5,936,000 Class A shares of our common
stock and approximately 949,000 Class T Shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of approximately $61.9 million and approximately $9.8 million, respectively.  
   Preferred Equity    
 During October 2016, we redeemed the remaining approximately $5 million in Liquidation Amount of the Preferred Units outstanding and
approximately $1.5 million in deferred distributions owed thereon. No further Preferred Units are outstanding and no further deferred distributions are owed, such that we no longer have any remaining obligations related to the Preferred Units.
     Torbarrie Loan    
 On November 3, 2016, a subsidiary of our Operating Partnership which owns our undeveloped property in the Torbarrie area of Toronto,
Canada (the  Torbarrie Property ) entered into a construction loan agreement which allows for borrowings up to approximately $9.7 million CAD (the  Torbarrie Loan ). The Torbarrie Loan has a maturity date four years from the
first day of the month following the initial advance. Payments due under the Torbarrie Loan are initially interest-only and due in arrears on the first day of each month. The Torbarrie Loan will require principal amortization upon achieving a debt
service coverage ratio of 1.10 (as defined in the Torbarrie loan agreement), at which time principal will be due and payable based on a 25 year amortization period. The Torbarrie Loan bears interest at a variable interest rate of 1.95% in
excess of the variable Royal Bank of Canada Prime Rate (as defined in the Torbarrie loan agreement), which was approximately 2.7% as of the date the loan was entered into (in no event will the interest rate fall below 4.65% per annum).  
 The Torbarrie Loan is secured by a first lien deed of trust on the Torbarrie Property and is fully guaranteed by us. We may prepay the
Torbarrie Loan at any time, without penalty, in whole but not in part.    The Torbarrie Loan contains a number of other customary terms and
covenants.      KeyBank Facility    
 Subsequent to September 30, 2016, we made payments totaling $7.5 million on the KeyBank Facility bringing our outstanding balance to
approximately $29.1 million as of November 4, 2016.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
 The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should also be read in conjunction with our financial statements and
notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015. See also
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements  preceding Part I.     Overview   
 Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc. was formed on March 12, 2013 under the Maryland General Corporation Law for the purpose of engaging
in the business of investing in self storage facilities and related self storage real estate investments. Our year end is December 31. As used in this report,  we,   us,   our,  and  Company  refer to
Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc. and each of our subsidiaries.    SmartStop Asset Management, LLC (our  Sponsor ), is the
sponsor of our Public Offering (as defined below). Our Sponsor became our sponsor on October 1, 2015 in connection with the merger of SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. into Extra Space Storage, Inc. Our Sponsor owns 97.5% of the economic interests
(and 100% of the voting membership interests) of SS Growth Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our  Advisor ) and owns 100% of SS Growth Property Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (our
 Property Manager ). See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Statements contained in this report for further details about our affiliates.  
 On June 17, 2013, we commenced a private placement offering to accredited investors only for a maximum of $109.5 million in shares
of common stock, including shares being offered pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (the  Private Offering ). On May 23, 2014, we satisfied the minimum offering requirements of $1 million from our Private Offering and
commenced formal operations. We terminated the Private Offering on January 16, 2015. We raised gross offering proceeds of approximately $7.8 million from the issuance of approximately 830,000 shares pursuant to the Private Offering.
   On January 20, 2015, we commenced a public offering of a maximum of $1.0 billion in common shares for sale to the public (the
 Primary Offering ) and $95.0 million in common shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (collectively, the  Public Offering, ). On September 28, 2015, we revised our Primary Offering and are now
offering two classes of shares of common stock: Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class A Shares ) and Class T common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class T Shares ). As of
September 30, 2016, we had sold approximately 6.2 million Class A Shares and approximately 630,000 Class T Shares in our Public Offering and Private Offering for gross proceeds of approximately $63.5 million and
approximately $6.4 million, respectively. We intend to invest the net proceeds from our offerings primarily in opportunistic self storage facilities, which may include facilities to be developed, currently under development or in lease-up and
self storage facilities in need of expansion, redevelopment or repositioning.    As of September 30, 2016, our self storage portfolio
was comprised as follows:      

(1)   
 Includes all rentable units, consisting of storage units, and parking units (approximately 380 units).    

(2)   
 Includes all rentable square feet consisting of storage units, and parking units (approximately 117,000 square feet).    
      29  

Table of Contents  

(3)   
 Represents the occupied square feet of all facilities we owned in a state divided by total rentable square feet of all the facilities we owned in such state as of September 30, 2016. We acquired the Baseline
Property in Arizona on May 26, 2016 with occupancy at 0%. The property s occupancy has increased to approximately 46% as of September 30, 2016 and was excluded from the above.    

(4)   
 Our two properties in Toronto, Canada are self storage properties that are under construction and the numbers are approximate.    

(5)   
 Represents rental income for all facilities we owned in a state divided by our total rental income for the month of September 2016.    
  Critical Accounting Policies     We have
established accounting policies which conform to generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). Preparing financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies,
including making estimates and assumptions. Following is a discussion of the estimates and assumptions used in setting accounting policies that we consider critical in the presentation of our financial statements. Many estimates and assumptions
involved in the application of GAAP may have a material impact on our financial condition or operating performance, or on the comparability of such information to amounts reported for other periods, because of the subjectivity and judgment required
to account for highly uncertain items or the susceptibility of such items to change. These estimates and assumptions affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the
financial statements and our reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period covered by this report. If management s judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is
possible that different accounting policies would have been applied or different amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses would have been recorded, thus resulting in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or
materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may use different estimates and assumptions that may impact the comparability of our financial condition and results of operations to those
companies.    We believe that our critical accounting policies include the following: real estate purchase price allocations; the evaluation
of whether any of our long-lived assets have been impaired; the determination of the useful lives of our long-lived assets; and the evaluation of the consolidation of our interests in joint ventures. The following discussion of these policies
supplements, but does not supplant the description of our significant accounting policies, as contained in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report, and is intended to present our analysis of the
uncertainties involved in arriving upon and applying each policy.      Real Estate Purchase Price Allocation    
 We allocate the purchase prices of acquired properties based on a number of estimates and assumptions. We allocate the purchase prices to the
tangible and intangible assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values. These estimated fair values are based upon comparable market sales information for land and estimates of depreciated replacement cost of equipment,
building and site improvements. Acquisitions of portfolios of properties are allocated to the individual properties based upon an income approach or a cash flow analysis using appropriate risk adjusted capitalization rates which we estimate based
upon the relative size, age, and location of the individual property along with actual historical and estimated occupancy and rental rate levels, and other relevant factors. If available, and determined by management to be appropriate, appraised
values are used, rather than these estimated values. Because we believe that substantially all of the leases in place at properties we acquire will be at market rates, as the majority of the leases are month-to-month contracts, we do not expect to
allocate any portion of the purchase prices to above or below market leases. The determination of market rates is also subject to a number of estimates and assumptions. Our allocations of purchase prices could result in a materially different
presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as such allocations may vary dramatically based on the estimates and assumptions we use.  
   Impairment of Long-Lived Assets    
 The majority of our assets consist of long-lived real estate assets as well as intangible assets related to our acquisitions. We will
continually evaluate such assets for impairment based on events and changes in circumstances that may arise in the future and that may impact the carrying amounts of our long-lived assets. When indicators of potential impairment are present, we will
assess the recoverability of the particular asset by determining whether the carrying value of the asset will be recovered, through an evaluation of the undiscounted future operating cash flows expected from the use of the asset and its eventual
disposition. This evaluation is based on a number of estimates and assumptions. Based on this evaluation, if the expected undiscounted future cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, we will adjust the value of the long-lived asset and recognize
an impairment loss. Our evaluation of the impairment of long-lived assets could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as the amount of
impairment loss, if any, recognized may vary based on the estimates and assumptions we use.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

    Estimated Useful Lives of Long-Lived Assets    
 We assess the useful lives of the assets underlying our properties based upon a subjective determination of the period of future benefit for
each asset. We record depreciation expense with respect to these assets based upon the estimated useful lives we determine. Our determinations of the useful lives of the assets could result in a materially different presentation of the financial
statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as such determinations, and the corresponding amount of depreciation expense, may vary dramatically based on the estimates and assumptions we use.  
   Consolidation of Investments in Joint Ventures    
 We will evaluate the consolidation of our investments in joint ventures in accordance with relevant accounting guidance. This evaluation
requires us to determine whether we have a controlling interest in a joint venture through a means other than voting rights, and, if so, such joint venture may be required to be consolidated in our financial statements. Our evaluation of our joint
ventures under such accounting guidance could result in a materially different presentation of the financial statements or materially different amounts being reported in the financial statements, as the joint venture entities included in our
financial statements may vary based on the estimates and assumptions we use.     REIT Qualification   
 We made an election under Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) to be taxed as a REIT under the Code, commencing
with the taxable year ended December 31, 2014. By qualifying as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in
any taxable year, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year in which our
qualification is denied. Such an event could materially and adversely affect our net income and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. However, we believe that we are organized and operate in a
manner that will enable us to continue to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, and we intend to continue to operate as to remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.  
  Results of Operations       Overview
     We derive revenues principally from: (i) rents received from tenants who rent storage units under month-to-month leases at
each of our self storage facilities and (ii) sales of packing- and storage-related supplies at our storage facilities. Therefore, our operating results depend significantly on our ability to retain our existing tenants and lease our available
self storage units to new tenants, while maintaining and, where possible, increasing the prices for our self storage units. Additionally, our operating results depend on our tenants making their required rental payments to us.  
 Competition in the market areas in which we operate is significant and affects the occupancy levels, rental rates, rental revenues and
operating expenses of our facilities. Development of any new self storage facilities would intensify competition of self storage operators in markets in which we operate.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, we owned 16 and 9 self storage facilities, respectively. The comparability of our results of
operations was significantly affected by our acquisition activity in 2016 and 2015 as listed below.      

The three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, includes full quarter results for nine and 14 operating self storage facilities, respectively.    

The nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes full nine month results for three operating self storage facilities and partial results for the six operating facilities we acquired during the quarter ended
March 31, 2015. The nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes full nine month results for those nine operating self storage facilities plus full nine month results for an additional three operating self storage facilities acquired
during the fourth quarter of 2015 and partial results for one operating property acquired on January 6, 2016 and one operating property acquired on May 26, 2016.    
 Therefore, we believe there is little basis for comparison between the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Operating
results in future periods will depend on the results of operations of our existing properties and of the real estate properties that we acquire in the future.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
      Self Storage Rental Revenue   
 Rental revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $2.4 million and $1.2 million,
respectively. The increase in rental revenue is primarily attributable to the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016, the acquisition
of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015, and increased same-store revenues (approximately $0.3 million or 25%). We expect rental revenue to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition
activity.     Property Operating Expenses   
 Property operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $1.0 million and
$0.6 million, respectively. Property operating expenses includes the cost to operate our facilities including payroll, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, and marketing. The increase in property operating expenses is attributable to the
acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016 and the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of
2015. We expect property operating expenses to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.     Property
Operating Expenses   Affiliates     Property operating expenses   affiliates for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.3 million and $0.1 million, respectively. Property operating expenses   affiliates includes property management fees and asset management fees. The increase in property
operating expenses is primarily attributable to the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016 and the acquisition of three operating
self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015. We expect property operating expenses   affiliates to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.  
  General and Administrative Expenses   
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.4 million and
$0.3 million, respectively. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of legal expenses, transfer agent fees, directors  and officers  insurance expense, an allocation of a portion of our Advisor s payroll related
costs, accounting expenses and board of directors  related costs. The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to increases in accounting, transfer agent, legal costs and other professional services commensurate
with our increased operational activity. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in the future as our operational activity increases, but decrease as a percentage of total revenues.  
  Depreciation and Amortization Expenses   
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.8 million and
$0.7 million, respectively. Depreciation expense consists primarily of depreciation on the buildings and site improvements at our properties. Amortization expense consists of the amortization of intangible assets resulting from our
acquisitions. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense is primarily attributable to the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one operating self storage property during the first quarter
of 2016 and the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015. We expect depreciation and amortization expense to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.  
  Acquisition Expenses     Affiliates   
 Acquisition expenses   affiliates for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $50,000 and $50,000,
respectively. We expect acquisition expenses   affiliates to fluctuate commensurate with our acquisition activities.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

   Other Property Acquisition Expenses   
 Other property acquisition expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $30,000 and approximately
$40,000, respectively. We expect other property acquisition expenses to fluctuate commensurate with our acquisition activities.  
  Interest Expense   
 Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.3 million and $0.2 million,
respectively. The increase in interest expense is primarily attributable to the interest incurred on the Baseline Loan to fund the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016 and the KeyBank Facility to fund
the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016 and the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015. We expect interest expense to increase in future periods
commensurate with our future debt level.     Interest Expense   Debt Issuance Costs   
 Interest expense   debt issuance costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately
$0.2 million and $60,000, respectively. The increase in debt issuance costs expense is attributable to the costs incurred in connection with obtaining financing for one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one
operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016, and the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015. We expect debt issuance costs expense to increase commensurate with our future
financing activity.     Distributions to the Preferred Unitholder in our Operating Partnership   
 Distributions to the preferred unitholder (the  Preferred Unitholder ) in SS Growth Operating Partnership, L.P., our operating
partnership (the  Operating Partnership ), for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively.  
   Same-Store Facility Results    
 The following table sets forth operating data for our same-store facilities (those properties included in the consolidated results of
operations since July 1, 2015) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We consider the following data to be meaningful as this allows for the comparison of results without the effects of acquisition or development activity.

N/M 
 Not meaningful    

(1)   
 Revenue includes rental revenue, ancillary revenue, and administrative and late fees.    

(2)   
 Property operating expenses excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, asset management fees, interest expense, depreciation, amortization expense and acquisition expenses, but includes property management
fees.    
      33  

Table of Contents  

(4)   
 Determined by dividing the sum of the month-end occupied square feet for the applicable group of facilities for each applicable period by the sum of their month-end rentable square feet for the period. Properties are
included in the respective calculations in their first full month of operations, as appropriate.    

(5)   
 Determined by dividing the aggregate realized revenue for each applicable period by the aggregate of the month-end occupied square feet for the period. Properties are included in the respective calculations in their
first full month of operations, as appropriate. We have excluded the realized revenue and occupied square feet related to parking herein for the purpose of calculating annualized rent per occupied square foot.    
 Our increase in same-store revenue of approximately $0.3 million was primarily the result of increased average physical occupancy of
approximately 9.9% and increased rent per occupied square foot of approximately 10% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
   Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Self Storage Rental Revenue   
 Rental revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $6.7 million and $3.3 million,
respectively. The increase in rental revenue is primarily attributable to the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016, the acquisition
of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015, and a full nine months of operations from the six properties acquired in the first quarter of 2015. We expect rental revenue to increase in future periods commensurate
with our future acquisition activity.     Property Operating Expenses   
 Property operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $3.0 million and
$1.5 million, respectively. Property operating expenses includes the cost to operate our facilities including payroll, utilities, insurance, real estate taxes, and marketing. The increase in property operating expenses primarily attributable to
the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016, the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of
2015, and a full nine months of operations from the six properties acquired in the first quarter of 2015. We expect property operating expenses to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.  
  Property Operating Expenses   Affiliates   
 Property operating expenses   affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately
$0.7 million and $0.4 million, respectively. Property operating expenses   affiliates includes property management fees and asset management fees. The increase in property operating expenses   primarily attributable to
the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016, the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of
2015, and a full nine months of operations from the six properties acquired in the first quarter of 2015. We expect property operating expenses   affiliates to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.
    General and Administrative Expenses   
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $1.4 million and
$0.9 million, respectively. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of legal expenses, transfer agent fees, directors  and officers  insurance expense, an allocation of a portion of our Advisor s payroll related
costs, accounting expenses and board of directors  related costs. The increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily attributable to increases in accounting, transfer agent, legal costs and other professional services commensurate
with our increased operational activity. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase in the future as our operational activity increases, but decrease as a percentage of total revenues.  
  Depreciation and Amortization Expenses   
 Depreciation and amortization expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $2.5 million and
$1.8 million, respectively. Depreciation expense consists primarily of depreciation on the buildings and site improvements at our properties. Amortization expense consists of the amortization of intangible assets resulting from our
 
      34  

Table of Contents  

acquisitions. The increase in depreciation and amortization expense primarily attributable to the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016, one
operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016, the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015, and a full nine months of operations from the six properties acquired in the first
quarter of 2015. We expect depreciation and amortization expense to increase in future periods commensurate with our future acquisition activity.  
  Acquisition Expenses     Affiliates   
 Acquisition expenses   affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.6 million and
$0.3 million, respectively. These acquisition expenses primarily relate to the costs associated with the self storage properties acquired in the respective periods. We expect acquisition expenses   affiliates to fluctuate commensurate
with our acquisition activities.     Other Property Acquisition Expenses   
 Other property acquisition expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.2 million and
$0.1 million, respectively. These acquisition expenses primarily relate to the costs associated with the self storage properties acquired in the respective periods. We expect other property acquisition expenses to fluctuate commensurate with
our acquisition activities.     Interest Expense   
 Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $1.2 million and $0.5 million,
respectively. The increase in interest expense is primarily attributable to the interest incurred on the Baseline Loan to fund the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the second quarter of 2016 and the KeyBank Facility to fund
the acquisition of one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016, the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015, and a full nine months of expense associated with the six
properties acquired in the first quarter of 2015. We expect interest expense to increase in future periods commensurate with our future debt level.  
  Interest Expense   Debt Issuance Costs   
 Interest expense   debt issuance costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately
$0.5 million and $0.2 million, respectively. The increase in debt issuance costs expense is primarily attributable to the costs incurred in connection with obtaining financing for one operating self storage property during the second
quarter of 2016, one operating self storage property during the first quarter of 2016, the acquisition of three operating self storage properties during the fourth quarter of 2015, and a full nine months of expense associated with the six properties
acquired in the first quarter of 2015. We expect debt issuance costs expense to increase commensurate with our future financing activity.  
  Distributions to the Preferred Unitholder in our Operating Partnership   
 Distributions to the Preferred Unitholder in our Operating Partnership for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
approximately $1.4 million and $1.4 million, respectively.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

    Same-Store Facility Results    
 The following table sets forth operating data for our same-store facilities (those properties included in the consolidated results of
operations since January 1, 2015) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. We consider the following data to be meaningful as this allows for the comparison of results without the effects of acquisition or development
activity.      

N/M 
 Not meaningful    

(1)   
 Revenue includes rental revenue, ancillary revenue, and administrative and late fees.    

(2)   
 Property operating expenses excludes corporate general and administrative expenses, asset management fees, interest expense, depreciation, amortization expense and acquisition expenses, but includes property management
fees.    

(4)   
 Determined by dividing the sum of the month-end occupied square feet for the applicable group of facilities for each applicable period by the sum of their month-end rentable square feet for the period. Properties are
included in the respective calculations in their first full month of operations, as appropriate.    

(5)   
 Determined by dividing the aggregate realized revenue for each applicable period by the aggregate of the month-end occupied square feet for the period. Properties are included in the respective calculations in their
first full month of operations, as appropriate. We have excluded the realized revenue and occupied square feet related to parking herein for the purpose of calculating annualized rent per occupied square foot.    
 Our increase in same-store revenue of approximately $0.3 million was primarily the result of increased average physical occupancy of
approximately 11.7% and increased rent per occupied square foot of approximately 4.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
  Cash Flows     A comparison of cash flows
for operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:      
   Cash flows used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately
$0.4 million as compared to cash flows used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of approximately $0.3 million, an increase in cash used of approximately $0.1 million. The change in cash used by
our operating activities is  
      36  

Table of Contents  

primarily the result of incurring a larger net loss, adjusted for depreciation and amortization, which primarily related to increased acquisition expenses and general and administrative expenses,
offset by positive changes in balance sheet accounts, primarily accounts payable and accrued liabilities.    Cash flows used in investing
activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $24.9 million and $17.1 million, respectively, an increase in the use of cash of approximately $7.8 million. The change in cash used in investing
activities primarily relates to an increase in cash consideration paid for the purchase of real estate and funds expended for the development of certain facilities.  
 Cash flows provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $29.5 million
and $15.1 million, respectively, a change of approximately $14.4 million. The increase in cash provided by financing activities over the prior period was primarily the result of an increase of approximately $36.2 million from the net
proceeds from the issuance of common stock, primarily offset by: increased redemptions of approximately $9.5 million of the Preferred Units, approximately $7.2 million in proceeds from the issuance of preferred equity in our Operating
Partnership provided in the prior period and by a reduction of approximately $4.9 million in net proceeds from secured debt.     Liquidity and
Capital Resources       Short-Term Liquidity and Capital Resources    
 We generally expect that we will meet our short-term operating liquidity requirements from the combination of proceeds of our Public Offering,
proceeds from secured or unsecured financing from banks or other lenders, net cash provided by property operations and advances from our Advisor which will be repaid, without interest, as funds are available after meeting our current liquidity
requirements, subject to the limitations on reimbursement set forth in our advisory agreement with our Advisor. Per the advisory agreement, all advances from our Advisor shall be reimbursed no less frequently than monthly, although our
Advisor has indicated that it may waive such a requirement on a month-by-month basis. The organizational and offering costs associated with the Public Offering may be paid by us or our Advisor. Our Advisor must reimburse us within 60 days
after the end of the month in which the Public Offering terminates to the extent we paid or reimbursed organization and offering costs (excluding sales commissions, dealer manager fees and stockholder servicing fees) in excess of 3.5% of the gross
offering proceeds from the Primary Offering. Operating cash flows are expected to increase as properties are added to our portfolio and as our properties continue to lease-up.  
   Distribution Policy    
 As a result of our investment focus on opportunistic self storage properties, we cannot assure our stockholders we will continue to make cash
distributions. Until we are generating operating cash flow sufficient to make distributions to our stockholders, we may decide to make stock distributions or to make distributions using a combination of stock and cash, and to fund some or all of our
distributions from the proceeds of our Public Offering or from borrowings in anticipation of future cash flow, which may reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in properties. Because substantially all of our operations will be performed
indirectly through our Operating Partnership, our ability to pay distributions depends in large part on our Operating Partnership s ability to pay distributions to its partners, including to us. In the event we do not have enough cash from
operations to fund cash distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities or sell assets in order to fund the distributions or make the distributions out of net proceeds from our Public Offering. Though we have no present intention to make
in-kind distributions, we are authorized by our charter to make in-kind distributions of readily marketable securities, distributions of beneficial interests in a liquidating trust established for our dissolution and the liquidation of our assets in
accordance with the terms of the charter or distributions that meet all of the following conditions: (a) our board of directors advises each stockholder of the risks associated with direct ownership of the property; (b) our board of
directors offers each stockholder the election of receiving such in-kind distributions; and (c) in-kind distributions are only made to those stockholders who accept such offer.  
 Over the long-term, we expect that a greater percentage of our distributions will be paid from cash flows from operations. However, our
operating performance cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors, including our ability to raise and invest capital at favorable yields, the financial performance of our investments in the current real
estate and financial environment and the types and mix of investments in our portfolio. As a result, future distributions declared and paid may exceed cash flow from operations.  
 Distributions are paid to our stockholders based on the record date selected by our board of directors. We currently declare and pay cash
distributions monthly based on daily declaration and record dates so that investors may be entitled to distributions immediately upon purchasing our shares. Distributions will be authorized at the discretion of our board of directors, which will be
directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements of the Code. Our board of directors may increase, decrease or eliminate the distribution rate that is being paid at any time.
 
      37  

Table of Contents  

Distributions will be made on all classes of our common stock at the same time. The per share amount of distributions on Class A Shares and Class T Shares will likely differ because of
different allocations of class-specific expenses. Specifically, distributions on Class T Shares will likely be lower than distributions on Class A Shares because Class T Shares are subject to ongoing stockholder servicing fees. The
funds we receive from operations that are available for distribution may be affected by a number of factors, including the following:      

the amount of time required for us to invest the funds received in the Public Offering;        

our operating and interest expenses;        

the amount of distributions or dividends received by us from our indirect real estate investments;        

our ability to keep our properties occupied;        

our ability to maintain or increase rental rates;        

construction defects or capital improvements;        

capital expenditures and reserves for such expenditures;        

the issuance of additional shares; and        

financings and refinancings.      The following shows our cash distributions and the sources of
such distributions for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (no cash distributions were paid for the nine months ended September 30, 2015):      
 
      38  

Table of Contents  

  From our inception through September 30, 2016, we paid cumulative distributions of
approximately $3.1 million (including approximately $2.1 million related to our preferred unitholders), as compared to cumulative net loss attributable to our common stockholders of approximately $12.1 million. For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, we paid distributions of approximately $1.8 million, as compared to a net loss attributable to our common stockholders of approximately $4.8 million. Net loss attributable to our common stockholders for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflects non-cash depreciation and amortization of approximately $2.9 million, acquisition related expenses of approximately $0.8 million, and distributions to preferred unitholders of
approximately $1.4 million. Cumulative net loss attributable to our common stockholders reflects non-cash depreciation and amortization of approximately $5.8 million, acquisition related expenses of approximately $2.5 million, and
distributions to preferred unitholders of approximately $3.7 million.    For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid
total distributions of approximately $1.8 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we declared no cash distributions on our common stock. From our commencement of paying cash distributions on our common shares in November
2015 through September 30, 2016, the payment of distributions has been paid solely from Public Offering proceeds. We must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our taxable income each year in order to meet the requirements for being
treated as a REIT under the Code. Our directors may authorize distributions in excess of this percentage as they deem appropriate. Because we may receive income from interest or rents at various times during our fiscal year, distributions may not
reflect our income earned in that particular distribution period, but may be made in anticipation of cash flow that we expect to receive during a later period and may be made in advance of actual receipt of funds in an attempt to make distributions
relatively uniform. To allow for such differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses, and the effect of required debt payments, among other things, we could be required to borrow funds from third parties on a
short-term basis, issue new securities, or sell assets to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. We are not prohibited from undertaking such activities by our charter,
bylaws or investment policies, and we may use an unlimited amount from any source to pay our distributions. These methods of obtaining funding could affect future distributions by increasing operating costs and decreasing available cash, which could
reduce the value of our stockholders  investment in our shares. In addition, such distributions may constitute a return of investors  capital.  
 We have not been able to and may not be able to pay distributions from our cash flows from operations, in which case distributions may be paid
in part from debt financing or from proceeds from the issuance of common stock in our Primary Offering and pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. The payment of distributions from sources other than cash flows from operations may reduce the
amount of proceeds available for investment and operations or cause us to incur additional interest expense as a result of borrowed funds.  
 Over the long-term, we expect that a greater percentage of our distributions will be paid from cash flows from operations. However, our
operating performance cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors, including our ability to raise and invest capital at favorable yields, the financial performance of our investments in the current real
estate and financial environment and the types and mix of investments in our portfolio. As a result, future distributions declared and paid may exceed cash flow from operations.  
   Indebtedness      As
of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $41.7 million of outstanding consolidated indebtedness. As of September 30, 2016, all of our total consolidated indebtedness was variable rate. See Note 5 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Statements contained in this report for more information about our indebtedness.      Long-Term Liquidity and Capital
Resources      On a long-term basis, our principal demands for funds will be for property acquisitions, either directly or through
entity interests, for the payment of operating expenses and distributions, and for the payment of interest on our outstanding indebtedness, if any.  
 Long-term potential future sources of capital include proceeds from our Public Offering, secured or unsecured financings from banks or other
lenders, issuance of equity instruments and undistributed funds from operations. To the extent we are not able to secure requisite financing in the form of a credit facility or other debt, we will be dependent upon proceeds from the issuance of
equity securities and cash flows from operating activities in order to meet our long-term liquidity requirements and to fund our distributions.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

    Contractual Obligations    
 The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016:  

(1)   
 The interest expense was calculated based on the rates in effect as of September 30, 2016.    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements     We do not
currently have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships. Such entities are often referred to as structured finance or special purposes entities, which typically are established for the purpose of facilitating
off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities nor do we have any commitments or intent to provide funding to any such entities.  
  Subsequent Events     Please see
Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report.     Seasonality   
 We believe that we will experience minor seasonal fluctuations in the occupancy levels of our facilities, which we believe will be slightly
higher over the summer months due to increased moving activity.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       Market risk includes risks
that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business plan, we expect that the primary market risk to
which we will be exposed is interest rate risk and to a lesser extent, foreign currency risk. We may be exposed to the effects of interest rate changes primarily as a result of borrowings used to maintain liquidity and fund acquisition, expansion,
and financing of our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Our interest rate risk management objectives will be to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve our
objectives, we may borrow at fixed rates or variable rates. We may also enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and caps in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. We will not enter
into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes.    As of September 30, 2016, our debt consisted of
approximately $41.7 million in variable rate debt. Our debt financial instruments were entered into for other than trading purposes. Changes in interest rates have different impacts on fixed and variable debt. A change in interest rates on
fixed rate debt impacts its fair value but has no impact on interest incurred or cash flows. A change in interest rates on the variable debt could impact the interest incurred and cash flows and its fair value. If the underlying rate of the related
index on our variable rate debt were to increase or decrease by 100 basis points, the increase or decrease in interest would increase or decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $0.4 million annually. Interest rate risk amounts
were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur. Further, in the event of a change of that
magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes annual debt maturities and average interest rates on our
outstanding debt as of September 30, 2016:      

(1)   
 The average interest rate was calculated based on the rate in effect on September 30, 2016.        

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
the end of the period covered by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting     There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
    PART II. OTHER INFORMATION       

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       None.  

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       The following should be read in conjunction with the risk factors set
forth in our Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015.      We
have incurred a net loss to date, have an accumulated deficit and our operations may not be profitable in 2016.      We incurred a net
loss of approximately $4.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Our accumulated deficit was approximately $12.1 million as of September 30, 2016. Given that we are still early in our fundraising and acquisition
stage, our operations will not be profitable in 2016.      We have paid, and may continue to pay, distributions from sources other than
cash flow from operations; therefore, we will have fewer funds available for the acquisition of properties, and our stockholders  overall return may be reduced.    
 In the event we do not have enough cash from operations to fund our distributions, we may borrow, issue additional securities, or sell assets
in order to fund the distributions or make the distributions out of net proceeds from our Public Offering. We are not prohibited from undertaking such activities by our charter, bylaws or investment policies, and we may use an unlimited amount from
any source to pay our distributions. From commencement of paying cash distributions in November 2015 through September 30, 2016, the payment of cash distributions has been paid from Public Offering proceeds. If we continue to pay distributions
from sources other than cash flow from operations, we will have fewer funds available for acquiring properties, which may reduce our stockholders  overall returns. Additionally, to the extent distributions exceed cash flow from operations, a
stockholder s basis in our stock may be reduced and, to the extent distributions exceed a stockholder s basis, the stockholder may recognize a capital gain.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  The risk factor captioned  We established the offering price on an arbitrary basis; as a
result, the actual value of your investment may be substantially less than what you pay,  and the risk factor caption beginning  We will be required to disclose an estimated value per share of our common stock prior to, or shortly after,
the conclusion of this offering, and such estimated value per share may be lower than the purchase price you pay for shares of our common stock in this offering,  are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following:  
   We may only calculate the value per share for our shares annually and, therefore, you may not be able to determine the net asset value
of your shares on an ongoing basis during this offering.      On April 8, 2016, our board of directors approved an estimated value
per share for our Class A shares and Class T shares of $10.05. Our board of directors approved this estimated value per share pursuant to recent amendments to rules promulgated by FINRA, which require us to disclose an estimated per share
value of our shares based on a valuation no later than 150 days following the second anniversary of the date on which we break escrow in our offering. When determining the estimated value per share from and after 150 days following the
second anniversary of breaking escrow in our offering and annually thereafter, there are currently no SEC, federal and state rules that establish requirements specifying the methodology to employ in determining an estimated value per share;
provided, however, that the determination of the estimated value per share must be conducted by, or with the material assistance or confirmation of, a third-party valuation expert or service and must be derived from a methodology that conforms to
standard industry practice.    We intend to use this estimated per share value of our shares until the next net asset valuation approved by
our board of directors, which we are required to approve at least annually. We may not calculate the net asset value per share for our shares more than annually. Therefore, you may not be able to determine the net asset value of your shares on an
ongoing basis during this offering.    In determining our estimated value per share, we primarily relied upon a valuation of our portfolio
of properties as of December 31, 2015. Valuations and appraisals of our properties are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value upon the sale of such properties, therefore our estimated net asset value per
share may not reflect the amount that would be realized upon a sale of each of our properties.    For the purposes of calculating the
estimated value per share, an independent third party appraiser valued our properties as of December 31, 2015. The valuation methodologies used to value our properties involved certain subjective judgments. Ultimate realization of the value of
an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions beyond our control and the control of our advisor and independent appraiser. Further, valuations do not necessarily represent the price at which an asset would sell, since market
prices of assets can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. Therefore, the valuations of our properties and our investments in real estate related assets may not correspond to the timely realizable value upon a sale of
those assets. Because the price you will pay for shares in this offering is primarily based on the estimated net asset value per share, you may pay more than realizable value when you purchase your shares or receive less than realizable value for
your investment when you sell your shares.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS         

(a) 
 None.        

(b) 
 On January 20, 2015, our Public Offering (SEC File  No. 333-193480)  for a maximum of 110 million shares of common stock, consisting of 100 million shares for
sale to the public and 10 million shares for sale pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan, was declared effective by the SEC. On September 28, 2015, we revised our Primary Offering and are now offering two classes of shares of
common stock: Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class A Shares ) and Class T common stock, $0.001 par value per share (the  Class T Shares ). As of September 30, 2016, we had sold
approximately 5.4 million Class A Shares and approximately 630,000 Class T Shares in our Public Offering for gross proceeds of approximately $55.6 million and approximately $6.4 million, respectively. From this amount, we
incurred approximately $5.9 million in selling commissions and dealer manager fees (of which approximately $4.4 million was re-allowed to third party broker-dealers), and approximately $2.1 million in organization and offering costs.
With the net offering proceeds, Preferred Units and indebtedness, we acquired approximately $66.2 million in self storage facilities and made the other payments reflected under  Cash Flows from Financing Activities  in our
consolidated statements of cash flows included in this report.        

(c) 
 Our share redemption program enables our stockholders to have their shares redeemed by us, subject to the significant conditions and limitations described in our prospectus. Since inception, we have not received any
redemption requests nor did we redeem any shares of common stock.        

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION         

(a) 
 During the third quarter of 2016, there was no information required to be disclosed in a report on  Form 8-K  which was not disclosed in a report on  Form 8-K.         

(b) 
 During the third quarter of 2016, there were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.    

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS       The exhibits required to be filed with this report are set forth on the
Exhibit Index hereto and incorporated by reference herein.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX   
 The following exhibits are included in this report on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended
September 30, 2016 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of  Regulation S-K).       

Exhibit  
  No.   
    
    Description    

3.1 
    
 Second Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Company s Registration Statement on  Form S-11,  filed on January 15, 2015, Commission File  No. 333-193480   

3.2 
    
 Articles of Amendment of Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-11,  filed on September 28, 2015, Commission File  No. 333-193480   

3.3 
    
 Articles Supplementary of Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form S-11,  filed on September 28, 2015, Commission File  No. 333-193480   

3.4 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on  Form S-11,  filed on
January 22, 2014, Commission File  No. 333-193480   

4.1 
    
 Form of Subscription Agreement and Subscription Agreement Signature Page (included as Appendix A to prospectus), incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Company s Registration Statement on  Form S-11,  filed on April 12, 2016, Commission File  No. 333-193480   

10.1 
    
 San Antonio Sale Agreement, incorporated by reference to  Form 8-K,  filed on August 29, 2016, Commission File  No. 000-55616   

31.1* 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2* 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1* 
    
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2* 
    
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101* 
    
 The following Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc. financial information for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations,
(iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (iv) Consolidated Statement of Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

* 
 Filed herewith.    
      44  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

STRATEGIC STORAGE GROWTH TRUST, INC.  
 (Registrant)   

Dated: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Michael S. McClure  

Michael S. McClure   Executive Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer   and Treasurer and duly authorized officer   
 
      45  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d239973dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, H. Michael Schwartz, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  of Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc.;    

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f))  for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ H. Michael Schwartz  

H. Michael Schwartz    President, CEO and
Director    (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d239973dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, Michael S. McClure, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  of Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc.;    

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e))  and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f))  for the registrant and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Dated: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Michael S. McClure  

Michael S. McClure    Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d239973dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of
Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc. (the  Company ), in connection with the Company s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report )
hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that:      

(i) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(ii) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ H. Michael Schwartz  

H. Michael Schwartz    President, CEO and
Director    (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d239973dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of
Strategic Storage Growth Trust, Inc. (the  Company ), in connection with the Company s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report )
hereby certifies, to his knowledge, that:      

(i) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(ii) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Michael S. McClure  

Michael S. McClure    Executive Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer    (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ck0001575428-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ck0001575428-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ck0001575428-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ck0001575428-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ck0001575428-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ck0001575428-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

