<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1583513_0001144204-16-134439_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3882765</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142009</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>244207</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>914941</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1639985</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>851918</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134439.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114175832
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134439
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STG Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001583513
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				463134302
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36149
		FILM NUMBER:		161996885

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11091 SUNSET HILLS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(703) 691-2480

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11091 SUNSET HILLS ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			RESTON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20190

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Global Defense & National Security Systems, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130805

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134439.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 v452589_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September
30, 2016  

Commission File Number 001 36149  

STG Group, Inc.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code: (703) 691-2480  

Not Applicable   

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.     x    Yes       
  No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x 
  Yes          No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller Reporting Company  
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).          Yes     x 
  No 

As of November 11, 2016, there were 16,163,071 shares outstanding
of the registrant s common stock. 

Table of Contents 

PART I:  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      23   
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      38   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      38   

PART II:  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      40   
 
      Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      40   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      40   
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      40   
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      40   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      40   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      40   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      40   

Signatures   
      41   

Item 1. Financial Statements  

STG Group, Inc.  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

  (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts)  

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

3   

STG Group, Inc.  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts)  

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

4   

STG Group, Inc.  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Amounts)  

See accompanying notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

5   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Note
                            1.         Nature
                                         of Business and Significant Accounting Policies   

Nature of business:  STG Group, Inc. (formerly, Global
Defense   National Security Systems, Inc. or GDEF) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) was originally incorporated
in Delaware on July 3, 2013 as a blank check company, with Global Defense   National Security Holdings LLC ( Global Defense
LLC  or the  Sponsor ) as Sponsor, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, exchangeable share transaction or other similar business combination. On November
23, 2015, the Company consummated its business combination with STG Group Holdings, Inc. (formerly, STG Group, Inc. or  STG
Group ) pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, dated as of June 8, 2015, which provided for the purchase of all the capital
stock of STG Group by the Company (the  Business Combination ). In connection with the closing of the Business Combination,
the Company ceased to be a shell company in accordance with its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Company
also changed its name from Global Defense   National Security Systems, Inc. to STG Group, Inc., and the Company s securities
were delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market. The Company recommenced trading of its common stock under the symbol  STGG 
on the OTC Pink Current Information tier of the over-the counter market. The Company s common stock now trades over-the-counter
on the OTCQB. See Note 2 for a further discussion of the Business Combination. 

The Company provides enterprise engineering, telecommunications,
information management and security products and services to the federal government and commercial businesses. Segment information
is not presented since all of the Company s revenue is attributed to a single reportable segment. 

Basis of presentation:  The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial reporting and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they
do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial
statements. For additional information, including the Company s significant accounting policies, refer to the condensed consolidated
financial statements and related footnotes in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements for the period from
January 1, 2015 through November 23, 2015 and for the period from November 24, 2015 through December 31, 2015 included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

As a result of the Business Combination, the Company was identified
as the acquirer for accounting purposes, and STG Group is the acquiree and accounting predecessor. This determination was based
upon an evaluation of facts which included, but was not limited to, consideration of the following: 1) the relative voting rights
of the stockholders in the combined entity after the Business Combination; 2) the composition of the board of directors of the
combined entity; 3) the composition of the senior management team of the combined entity; 4) and the cash consideration that was
transferred by the Company to the acquiree s stockholders. Based upon this evaluation, the preponderance of facts supported
the conclusion that the Company was the accounting acquirer. The Company s financial statement presentation distinguishes
a  Predecessor  for STG Group for the periods up to and prior to November 23, 2015 (the  Closing Date ).
The Company was subsequently re-named as STG Group, Inc. and is the  Successor  for periods after the Closing Date,
which includes the consolidation of STG Group subsequent to the Business Combination. The acquisition was accounted for as a business
combination using the acquisition method of accounting, and Successor financial statements reflect a new basis of accounting that
is based on the fair value of the net assets acquired. As a result of the application of the acquisition method of accounting as
of the effective date of the acquisition, the financial statements for the Predecessor period and for the Successor period are
presented on a different basis and, therefore, are not comparable. 

6   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Note 1.      Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)   

In the opinion of management, all adjustments considered necessary
for a fair statement of financial results have been made. Such adjustments consist of only those of a normal recurring nature.
Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, are not necessarily indicative of the results
that may be expected for the entire fiscal year. 

Figures are expressed in thousands of dollars unless otherwise
indicated. 

Use of estimates:  The preparation of financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Significant estimates embedded in the condensed consolidated
financial statements for the periods presented include revenue recognition on fixed-price contracts, the allowance for doubtful
accounts, the valuation and useful lives of intangible assets, the length of certain customer relationships, useful lives of property,
plant and equipment, valuation of a Rabbi Trust and related deferred compensation liability. Estimates and assumptions are also
used when determining the allocation of the purchase price in a business combination to the fair value of assets and liabilities
and determining related useful lives. 

Revenue recognition:  Revenue is recognized when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered or goods delivered, the contract price is fixed or determinable
and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue associated with work performed prior to the completion and signing of contract
documents is recognized only when it can be reliably estimated and realization is probable. The Company bases its estimates on
previous experiences with the customer, communications with the customer regarding funding status and its knowledge of available
funding for the contract. 

Revenue on cost-plus-fee contracts is recognized to the extent
of costs incurred plus a proportionate amount of the fee earned. The Company considers fixed fees under cost-plus-fee contracts
to be earned in proportion to the allowable costs incurred in performance of the contract. The Company considers performance-based
fees, including award fees, under any contract type to be earned when it can demonstrate satisfaction of performance goals, based
upon historical experience, or when the Company receives contractual notification from the customer that the fee has been earned.
Revenue on time-and-materials contracts is recognized based on the hours incurred at the negotiated contract billing rates, plus
the cost of any allowable material costs and out-of-pocket expenses. Revenue on fixed-price contracts is primarily recognized using
the proportional performance method of contract accounting. Unless it is determined as part of the Company s regular contract
performance review that overall progress on a contract is not consistent with costs expended to date, the Company determines the
percentage completed based on the percentage of costs incurred to date in relation to total estimated costs expected upon completion
of the contract. Revenue on other fixed-price service contracts is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the contractual
service period, unless the revenue is earned, or obligations fulfilled, in a different manner. 

Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are
made in the period in which such losses are determined and are recorded as forward loss liabilities in the condensed consolidated
financial statements. Changes in job performance, job conditions and estimated profitability may result in revisions to costs and
revenue and are recognized in the period in which the revisions are determined. 

7   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Note 1.      Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)   

Multiple agencies of the federal government directly or
indirectly provided the majority of the Company's contract revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were two federal agency customers that each provided revenue in
excess of 10% of total revenue and accounted for approximately 79% and 76%, respectively, of the Company s total
revenue. 

Federal government contract costs, including indirect costs,
are subject to audit and adjustment by the Defense Contract Audit Agency. Contract revenue has been recorded in amounts that are
expected to be realized upon final settlement. 

Costs of revenue:  Costs of revenue include all direct
contract costs, as well as indirect overhead costs and selling, general and administrative expenses that are allowable and allocable
to contracts under federal procurement standards. Costs of revenue also include costs and expenses that are unallowable under applicable
procurement standards and are not allocable to contracts for billing purposes. Such costs and expenses do not directly generate
revenue, but are necessary for business operations. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
there was one vendor that comprised approximately 10% and 11%, respectively, of the Company s total 2016 direct expenses
and approximately 11% of the Company s total direct expenses for both periods in 2015. 

Investments held in Rabbi Trust:  The Company has investments
in mutual funds held in a Rabbi Trust that are classified as trading securities. Management determines the appropriate classification
of the securities at the time they are acquired and evaluates the appropriateness of such classifications at each balance sheet
date. The securities are classified as trading securities because they are held for resale in anticipation of short-term (generally
90 days or less) fluctuations in market prices. The trading securities are stated at fair value. Realized and unrealized gains
and losses and other investment income are included in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Contract receivables:  Contract receivables are generated
primarily from prime and subcontracting arrangements with federal governmental agencies. Billed contract receivables represent
invoices that have been prepared based on contract terms and sent to the customer. Billed accounts receivable are considered past
due if the invoice has been outstanding more than 30 days. The Company does not charge interest on accounts receivable; however,
federal governmental agencies may pay interest on invoices outstanding more than 30 days. The Company records interest income from
federal governmental agencies when received. All contract receivables are on an unsecured basis. 

Unbilled amounts represent costs and anticipated profits awaiting
milestones to bill, contract retainages, award fees and fee withholdings, as well as amounts currently billable. 

In accordance with industry practice, contract receivables relating
to long-term contracts are classified as current, even though portions of these amounts may not be realized within one year. 

Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by
regularly evaluating individual customer receivables and considering a customer s financial condition, credit history and
current economic conditions. Management has recorded an allowance for contract receivables that are considered to be uncollectible.
Both billed and unbilled receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of receivables previously written off
are recorded when received. 

8   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Note 1.      Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)   

Valuation of long-lived assets:  The Company accounts
for the valuation of long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, under authoritative guidance issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB), which requires that long-lived assets and certain intangible assets be reviewed for impairment
whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the long-lived
assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated
by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. No indicators of impairment were identified for
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. No impairment losses were recorded during the nine month period ending September
30, 2016. 

Identifiable intangible assets:  Intangible assets of
the Company are comprised of customer relationships and a trade name acquired as a result of the Business Combination described
further in Note 2. The Company determined that the customer relationships and trade name represent finite-lived intangible assets
with useful lives of eight to fifteen years, respectively. The assets are being amortized proportionately over the term of their
useful lives based on the estimated economic benefit derived over the course of the asset life. 

Goodwill:  The Company records the excess of the purchase
price of an acquired company over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired as goodwill. In accordance with authoritative
guidance issued by the FASB, entities can elect to use a qualitative approach to test goodwill for impairment. Under this approach,
the Company performs a qualitative assessment (Step zero) to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of
the reporting unit is less than the carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of
the reporting unit, the Company is required to perform a goodwill impairment test using a two-step approach, which is performed
at the reporting unit level. In the second step, the implied value of the goodwill is estimated at the fair value of the reporting
unit, less the fair value of all other tangible and identifiable intangible assets of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount
of the goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount equal to that excess,
not to exceed the carrying amount of the goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is not less than the carrying value
of the reporting unit, the two-step goodwill test is not required. 

Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment,
including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill
to reporting units and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is estimated
using a discounted cash flow methodology. This analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows,
which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for the business, estimation of the useful
life over which cash flows will occur and determination of the weighted-average cost of capital. This discounted cash flow analysis
is corroborated by top-down analysis, including a market assessment of enterprise value. 

The Company has elected to perform its annual analysis on October
1 each year at the reporting unit level. As of the Closing Date of the Business Combination, the Company determined that there
was one reporting unit and as a result of acquisition accounting for the Business Combination, the carrying value of the reporting
unit was equal to its fair value on the Closing Date. No triggering events occurred during the nine month period ending September
30, 2016 requiring an interim impairment test. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company has been unable to achieve its targeted revenue forecasts, however,
we have taken cost cutting measures to reduce the impact of lower than forecasted revenues on our profitability and cash flows.
If we are unable to achieve revenue growth and increased profitability, future impairment tests may result in a goodwill
impairment charge, which could be material. 

Income taxes:  In connection with the Business Combination,
STG Group (Predecessor) converted from a Subchapter S Corporation to a C Corporation. Prior to this, STG Group, excluding STG Netherlands
and STG Doha, was treated as an S corporation under Subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code. Therefore, in lieu of corporate
income taxes, the Predecessor stockholder separately accounted for his pro-rata share of STG Group s income, deductions,
losses and credits. 

9   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Note 1.      Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)   

The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC Topic 740,
 Income Taxes  (ASC740).  At the end of each interim period, the Company estimates an annualized effective tax rate expected
for the full year based on the most recent forecast of pre-tax income, permanent book and tax differences, and global tax planning
strategies. The Company uses this effective rate to provide for income taxes on a year-to-date basis, excluding the effect of significant,
unusual, discrete or extraordinary items, and items that are reported net of their related tax effects. The Company records the
tax effect of significant, unusual, discrete or extraordinary items, and items that are reported net of their tax effects in the
period in which they occur. 

In accordance with authoritative guidance on accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes issued by the FASB, management has evaluated the Company s tax positions and has concluded that
the Company has taken no uncertain tax positions that require adjustment to the quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements
to comply with the provisions of this guidance. 

Interest and penalties related to tax matters are recognized
in expense. There was no accrued interest or penalties recorded during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Fair value of financial instruments  The carrying value
of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, contract receivables, line-of-credit, accounts payable and other short-term liabilities
are believed to approximate fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, because of the relatively
short duration of these instruments. The Company also assessed long-term debt and determined that such amounts approximated fair
value primarily since its terms and interest approximate current market terms and was negotiated with an unrelated third party
lender. The Company considers the inputs related to these estimates to be Level 2 fair value measurements. 

Certain assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value. Fair
value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability between market participants
in an orderly transaction on the measurement date. The market in which the reporting entity would sell the asset or transfer the
liability with the greatest volume and level of activity for the asset or liability is known as the principal market. When no principal
market exists, the most advantageous market is used. This is the market in which the reporting entity would sell the asset or transfer
the liability with the price that maximizes the amount that would be received or minimizes the amount that would be paid. Fair
value is based on assumptions market participants would make in pricing the asset or liability. Generally, fair value is based
on observable quoted market prices or derived from observable market data when such market prices or data are available. When such
prices or inputs are not available, the reporting entity should use valuation models. 

The Company s assets recorded at fair value on a recurring
basis are categorized based on the priority of the inputs used to measure fair value. Fair value measurement standards require
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs (such as quoted prices in active markets) and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs (such as appraisals or other valuation techniques) to determine fair value. The inputs used in measuring fair value are
categorized into three levels, as follows: 

Level 1  
      Inputs that are based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.   

Level 2  
      Inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar investments in markets that are not active, or models based on valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the investment.   

Level 3  
      Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques that include option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company has no financial assets or liabilities that are categorized as Level 3.   

10   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements    

Note 1.      Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)   

The Company has investments carried at fair value in mutual
funds held in a Rabbi Trust, which is included in investments held in Rabbi Trust on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
The Company does not measure non-financial assets and liabilities at fair value unless there is an event which requires this measurement. 

Financial credit risk:  The Company s assets that
are exposed to credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, investments held in Rabbi Trust and contract receivables.
Cash and cash equivalents are deposited with high-credit, quality financial institutions whose balances may, at times, exceed federally
insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such amounts and believes that it is not exposed to any significant
credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. Investments held in Rabbi Trust are stated at fair value at each reporting period and
are subject to market fluctuations. Contract receivables consist primarily of amounts due from various agencies of the federal
government or prime contractors doing business with the federal government. Historically, the Company has not experienced significant
losses related to contract receivables and, therefore, believes that the credit risk related to contract receivables is minimal. 

Debt issuance costs:  In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2015-03,  Interest  Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt
Issuance Costs . This ASU requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance
sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. ASU 2015-03 is effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted, and retrospective application is required. The Company decided to early adopt this ASU as of December
31, 2015. Therefore, financing costs incurred for fees paid to lenders and other parties in connection with debt issuances are
recorded as a deduction against the related debt agreement and amortized by the effective interest method over the terms of the
related financing arrangements. In connection with the term loan described further in Note 7, the Company originally recorded $6.36
million in debt issuance costs as a discount against the carrying amount of the loan. Amortization of $0.35 million and $0.71 million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is included in interest expense. 

Stock based compensation:  The Company measures compensation
expense for stock based equity awards based on the fair value of the awards on the grant date. Compensation is recognized as expense
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations ratably over the required service period or, for performance based awards,
when the achievement of the performance targets become probable. 

Net (loss) income per share:  Basic net (loss) income
per share available to common shareholders of the Company is calculated by dividing the net (loss) income by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the year. Common shares issuable upon exercise of the stock options and future vesting
of the restricted stock awards (see Note 12) have not been included in the computation because their inclusion would have had an
antidilutive effect for all periods presented. 

11   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements    

Note 1.      Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)   

Recent accounting pronouncements:  In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which establishes a comprehensive revenue recognition
standard for virtually all industries under GAAP, including those that previously followed industry-specific guidance. Under the
guidance, all entities should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance
is effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2018. Early adoption is not permitted. Management has not yet assessed the
potential impact of this guidance on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,  Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could
Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period . ASU 2014-12 requires a performance target that affects vesting and that can
be achieved after the requisite service period to be treated as a performance condition. Compensation cost should be recognized
in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved. ASU 2014-12 is effective for annual periods
and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and can be applied either prospectively to new
or modified awards or retrospectively to awards outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented and to
all new or modified awards thereafter. The adoption of this standard has not had a significant impact on the condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern . ASU 2014-15 explicitly requires management to evaluate, at each annual or interim reporting period, whether
there are conditions or events that exist which raise substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern
and to provide related disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and annual and
interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material effect
on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements or disclosures. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810)   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis . This update, among other things, modifies the evaluation
of whether certain entities are VIEs or voting interest entities and affects the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that
are involved with VIEs, particularly related-party relationships. The ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this standard has not had a significant impact on the condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Business
Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments . This ASU eliminates the requirement
to retrospectively account for changes to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination. ASU 2015-16 requires
that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting
period in which the adjustments are determined, including the effect of the change in provisional amount as if the accounting had
been completed at the acquisition date. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years and should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts
that occur after the effective date. The adoption of this standard has not had a significant impact on the condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

12   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements    

Note 1.      Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)   

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes
(Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . This ASU simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes
by eliminating the requirement for entities to separate deferred tax liabilities and assets into current and noncurrent amounts
in classified balance sheets. Instead, it requires deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in the balance
sheet. This ASU is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods
within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted, and this ASU may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax
liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company has adopted this standard prospectively during
the quarter ended June 30, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 has resulted in the aggregation of a $0.6 million of current deferred
tax asset and a $9.3 million deferred tax liability to a single line reported on the balance sheet as a non-current deferred tax
liability in the amount of $8.7 million.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,  Leases (Topic
842 ). The standard impacts both lessors and lessees. The most significant change for lessees is that the requirement to recognize
right-to-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases not considered short term. The guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018 and will be applied on a modified retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of the adoption of this standard on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) (ASU 2016-08) .
ASU 2016-08 further clarifies principal and agent relationships within ASU 2014-09. Similar to ASU 2014-09, the effective date
will be the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 with early adoption permitted in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The Company
is evaluating the impact that adoption of this new standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock
Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (ASU 2016-09) . ASU 2016-09 is intended to
simplify several aspects of accounting for share-based payment awards. The effective date will be the first quarter of fiscal year
2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact that adoption of this new standard will have on its condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing (ASU 2016-10) . The amendments in ASU
2016-10 are expected to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the guidance on identifying promised goods or services in contracts
with customers and to improve the operability and understandability of licensing implementation guidance related to the entity's
intellectual property. Similar to ASU 2014-09, the effective date will be the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 with early adoption
permitted in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The Company is evaluating the impact that adoption of this new standard will
have on its consolidated financial statements. 

13   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements    

Note 1.      Nature of Business and
Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)   

In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606), Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  The amendments, among other things: (1) clarify
the objective of the collectibility criterion for applying paragraph 606-10-25-7; (2) permit an entity to exclude amounts collected
from customers for all sales (and other similar) taxes from the transaction price; (3) specify that the measurement date for noncash
consideration is contract inception; (4) provide a practical expedient that permits an entity to reflect the aggregate effect of
all modifications that occur before the beginning of the earliest period presented when identifying the satisfied and unsatisfied
performance obligations, determining the transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to the satisfied and unsatisfied
performance obligations; (5) clarify that a completed contract for purposes of transition is a contract for which all (or substantially
all) of the revenue was recognized under legacy GAAP before the date of initial application, and (6) clarify that an entity that
retrospectively applies the guidance in Topic 606 to each prior reporting period is not required to disclose the effect of the
accounting change for the period of adoption. The effective date of these amendments are at the same date that Topic 606 is effective,
which is the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. The Company is evaluating the impact that adoption of these amendments will have
on its condensed consolidated financial statements.  

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of
Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments in this update clarify the
guidance regarding the classification of operating, investing, and financing activities for certain types of cash receipts and
payments. The amendments in this update are effective for the annual periods, and the interim periods within those years, beginning
after December 15, 2017, and should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of adoption, if any, to its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2.      Business Combination   

After the close of business on November 23, 2015, the Company
and STG Group completed the Business Combination in which the Company acquired STG Group from its current owner. The purchase price
consisted of: (a) $68 million paid in cash and $3.4 million of an estimated net working capital adjustment and other purchase price
adjustments paid in cash ( Cash Consideration ); (b) 8,578,199 new shares of Company common stock, 445,161 shares that
were forfeited by the Sponsor and reissued to the stockholders of the Predecessor, and an additional 35,000 shares that were transferred
by the Sponsor to the stockholders of the Predecessor, valued at a price of approximately $8.50 per share ( Stock Consideration );
and (c) $5.6 million worth of stock at approximately $8.50 per share (658,513  Conversion Shares ) in a private placement.
The Company funded a majority of the purchase price through new debt financing as described further in Note 7. On the date of the
Business Combination, the Company also collected $2.50 million from the Predecessor s stockholder pursuant to a note receivable
agreement outstanding. This is netted against the purchase price adjustments that were settled in cash. 

Upon consummation of the Business Combination, the Predecessor
changed its name to STG Group Holdings, Inc. and the Company changed its name from Global Defense   National Security Systems,
Inc. to STG Group, Inc. 

14   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements    

Note 2.      Business Combination (Continued)   

The Company has recorded an allocation of the purchase price
to the Predecessor s tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values
as of the Business Combination date. The calculation of purchase price and purchase price allocation is as follows (in thousands): 

The following unaudited pro forma financial information for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, assumes the Business Combination occurred on January 1, 2015, after giving
effect to certain adjustments for amortization, interest, and income tax effects. The pro forma information is presented for illustrative
purposes only and is not indicative of what actual results would have been if the acquisition had taken place on January 1, 2015,
or of future results. The table below summarizes unaudited pro forma results for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, (in thousands, except for per share information): 

15   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Statements    

Note 2.      Business Combination (Continued)   

The pro forma adjustments increased amortization and interest
expense by $1.5 million and $2.1 million, respectively, and increased the income tax benefit by $1.3 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. 

The pro forma adjustments increased amortization and interest
expense by $4.3 million and $6.1 million, respectively, and increased the income tax benefit by $3 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

There were no adjustments made to the purchase price allocation
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Note 3.      Contract Receivables and
Billings in Excess of Revenue Recognized   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, contract receivables
consist of the following (in thousands): 

Billings in excess of revenue recognized as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, are comprised primarily of billings from firm fixed-price contacts, where revenue is recognized in
accordance with the proportional performance method. 

Note 4.      Property and Equipment   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, property and equipment
consists of the following (in thousands): 

Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment
totaled $0.14 million and $0.42 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.14 million and $0.76 million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

16   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
       (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)(Unaudited)    

Note 5.      Intangible Assets   

Identifiable intangible assets as of September 30, 2016, consist
of the following (in thousands): 

Identifiable intangible assets as of December 31, 2015, consist
of the following (in thousands): 

Amortization expense amounted to $1.75 million and $5.3 million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.20 million and $0.60 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The Company recorded an impairment loss on goodwill for one
of their reporting units (Access) of $2.06 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Company also recorded
an impairment loss on Access  customer relationships of $0.91 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily
due to declining profits on contracts. The primary methods used to measure the impairment losses for Access were the income method
and the market approach. The unobservable inputs used were based on Company-specific information and included estimates of revenue,
profit margins and discount rates. The Company used the two-step approach in measuring the impairment loss. In the second step,
the implied value of the goodwill is estimated at the fair value of the reporting unit less the fair value of all other tangible
and identifiable intangible assets of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds the implied fair value
of the goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount equal to that excess, not to exceed the carrying amount of the
goodwill. 

Note 6.      Fair Value Measurements   

The Company has investments in mutual funds held in a Rabbi
Trust which are classified as trading securities and are included in current assets on the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets. The Rabbi Trust assets are used to fund amounts the Company owes to key managerial employees under the Company s
non-qualified deferred compensation plan (See Note 9). Based on the nature of the assets held, the Company uses quoted market prices
in active markets for identical assets to determine fair values, which apply to Level 1 investments. 

The mark to market adjustments are recorded in other income,
net in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations totaling a nominal gain and a net loss of ($0.40) million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and a net loss of $0.40 million and $0.27 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

17   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
       (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)(Unaudited)    

The Company s debt as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 consists of the following: 

Credit Agreement (Successor):  In connection with the
consummation of the Business Combination, all indebtedness under STG Group s prior credit facility was repaid in full and
the agreement was terminated. The Company replaced the prior credit facility and entered into a new facility (the Credit Agreement)
with a different financial lending group. The Credit Agreement provides for (a) a term loan in an aggregate principal amount of
$81.75 million; (b) a $15 million asset-based revolving line-of-credit; and (c) an uncommitted accordion facility to be used to
fund acquisitions of up to $90 million. Concurrent with the consummation of the Business Combination, the full amount of the term
loan was drawn and there were no amounts drawn on the other two facilities. Each facility matures on November 23, 2020. The Company
recorded $6.36 million of debt issuance costs in connection with the new facility as a reduction to the carrying amount of the
new term loan. These costs are amortized using the effective interest method over the life of the term loan. 

The principal amount of the term loan amortizes in quarterly
installments which increase after each annual period. The quarterly installments range from 0.625% to 2.500% of the original principal
amount and are paid through the quarter ending September 30, 2019. The remaining unpaid principal is due on the maturity date of
November 23, 2020. 

18   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
       (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)(Unaudited)    

Note 7.      Debt (Continued)   

Advances under the revolving line-of-credit are limited by a
borrowing base which may not exceed the lesser of (x) the difference between $15 million and amounts outstanding under letters
of credit issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement; and (y) an amount equal to the sum of: (i) up to 85% of certain accounts receivable
of the Company plus (ii) up to 100% of unrestricted cash on deposit in the Company s accounts with the Collateral Agent,
minus (iii) amounts outstanding under letters of credit issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement, minus (iv) reserves established
by the Collateral Agent from time to time in its reasonable credit judgment exercised in good faith. The amount available under
the line-of-credit was $15 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The Company is also subject to certain provisions which will
require mandatory prepayments of its term loan and has agreed to certain minimums for its fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated
EBITDA and certain maximums for its senior secured leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company did not meet the required consolidated senior secured leverage ratio and minimum consolidated EBITDA. The Company remained
in compliance with the Credit Agreement using a provision of the Credit Agreement that allowed us to cure (the  Cure Right )
certain covenant non-compliance by issuances of Common Stock for cash and use of the proceeds to reduce the principal balance of
the term loan. 

On November 14, 2016, we entered into Common Stock Purchase
Agreements with Simon S. Lee Management Trust, for which Simon Lee, our Chairman, is Trustee, and Phillip E. Lacombe, our President
and Chief Operating Officer (collectively, the  Investors ) that provided for the sale to the Investors of 462,778
shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of $3.60 per share, an aggregate of approximately $1.7 million. We used the proceeds
to reduce the principal balance of the term loan as required to effect the Cure Right. 

The Credit Agreement also provides that the senior
secured leverage ratio will be lowered on December 31, 2016 and that the minimum consolidated EBITDA requirement will be
increased on June 30, 2017. If our business performs at the current level through such periods we may not be able to satisfy
these covenants. An inability to meet the required covenant levels could have a material adverse impact on us, including the
need for us to effect an additional Cure Right or obtain an amendment, waiver, or other changes in the Credit Agreement. The
Credit Agreement does not permit us to exercise a Cure Right in consecutive fiscal quarters, more than three fiscal quarters
in the aggregate,  in no more than two of any four fiscal quarters. The amount allowed under the Cure Right may not exceed
$2.5 million and 20% of consolidated EBITDA. The aggregate of Cure Rights may not exceed $5 million. Any amendment or waiver
under the Credit Agreement may result in increased interest rates or premiums and more restrictive covenants and other terms
less advantageous to us, and may require the payment of a fee for such amendment or waiver. There can be no assurance that we
would be able to obtain a waiver or amendment, or effect a cure, on terms acceptable to us. 

If we are not able to effect a Cure Right or otherwise obtain
an amendment to or waiver under the Credit Agreement, our covenant non-compliance will give rise to an event of default thereunder,
in which case the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement could be declared immediately due and payable, which could have a material
adverse effect on the Company. 

Note 8.      Commitments and Contingencies   

Legal matters:  From time to time the Company may be involved
in litigation in the normal course of its business. Management does not expect that the resolution of these matters would have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

19   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
       (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)(Unaudited)    

Note 9.      Deferred Compensation
Plan   

The Company maintains a deferred compensation plan (the Deferred
Compensation Plan) in the form of a Rabbi Trust, covering key managerial employees of the Company as determined by the Board of
Directors. The Deferred Compensation Plan gives certain senior employees the ability to defer all, or a portion, of their salaries
and bonuses on a pre-tax basis and invest the funds in marketable securities that can be bought and sold at the employee s
discretion. The future compensation is payable upon either termination of employment or change of control. The liabilities are
classified within current liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.
The assets held in the Rabbi Trust are comprised of mutual funds and are carried at fair value based on the quoted market prices.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the amount payable under the Deferred Compensation Plan was equal to the value
of the assets owned by the Company. These assets total $0.26 million and $4.52 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively, and are included as part of current assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. Additionally,
the Company may make discretionary matching contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan, which vest ratably over three years.
The Company recorded no contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.
The Company recorded contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan of $0.02 million and $0.04 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The assets are available to satisfy the claims of the Company s creditors in the event of
bankruptcy or insolvency. The participants in the Deferred Compensation Plan were paid a distribution of their earnings to date
through the consummation of the Business Combination. This distribution totaled $4.11 million and was paid on January 25, 2016. 

Note 10.      Related Party Transactions   

A company owned by a party related to the majority stockholder
of the Company is both a subcontractor to and customer of the Company on various contracts. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, amounts due from this entity totaled $0.01 million and $0.03 million, respectively. The Company recorded revenue of $0.02
million and  $0.06 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 to this related party. The
Company recorded revenue of $0.03 million and $0.06 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015
to this related party. 

No amount was due to this entity as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 for amounts relating to work performed under subcontracts. The Company also recorded no direct costs for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.08 million and $0.02 million of direct costs for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, relating to such work performed. 

On November 23, 2015, Global Strategies Group (North America)
Inc. and the Company entered into a services agreement, pursuant to which the Company may retain Global Strategies Group (North
America) Inc. from time to time to perform certain services: corporate development services such as assisting the Company in post-integration
matters, regulatory compliance support services, financial services and financial reporting, business development and strategic
services, marketing and public relations services, and human resources services. Global Strategies Group (North America) Inc. is
an affiliate of both the Company and a Board member. Amounts paid and expensed under this agreement during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 totaled $0.2 million and $0.5 million, respectively.  

20   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
       (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)(Unaudited)    

Note 11.      Stockholders  Equity   

On November 23, 2015, the Company s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorized 110,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of (i) 100,000,000 shares of common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had
authorized for issuance 100,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock, of which 16,163,071 shares were issued and outstanding,
including 56,000 shares subject to the vesting of restricted stock awards and 16,107,107 shares issued and outstanding at December
31, 2015, and had authorized for issuance 10,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value preferred stock, of which no shares were issued
and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Note 12.      Stock Based Compensation   

In connection with the approval of the Business Combination,
the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan) was approved by shareholders to provide incentives to key employees, directors, and
consultants of the Company and its subsidiaries. Awards under the Plan are generally not restricted for any specific form or structure
and could include, without limitation, stock options, stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalent rights, restricted stock awards,
cash-based awards, or other right or benefit under the Plan. The Plan allowed for the lesser of (i) 1.60 million shares of common
stock; or (ii) 8% of the outstanding common shares immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination as reserved
and authorized for issuance under the Plan. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 0.94 million and 1.57 million
shares, respectively, of common stock authorized and available for issuance under the Plan. 

Stock Options  

Upon completion of the Business Combination, the Company approved
initial grants of non-qualified stock option awards under the Plan to the current independent members of the Board of Directors.
The stock option awards expire in ten years from the date of grant and vest over a period of one year   20% of the options
will vest 30 days following the grant date, 40% of the options will vest six months following the grant date subject to the Director s
continued service and the remaining 40% of the options will vest 12 months following the grant date subject to the director s
continued service. The exercise price is required to be set at not less than 100% of the fair market value of the Company s
common stock. 

In June 2016, the Company granted non-qualified stock option
awards under the Plan to certain key employees of the Company. The stock option awards expire in ten years from the date of grant
and vest in 20% increments over a period that ranges from the grant date to approximately 4.5 years. 

In September 2016, the Company granted non-qualified stock option
awards under the Plan to a key employee of the Company. The stock option awards expire in ten years from the date of grant and
vest at 25% on the grant date and in 25% increments thereafter over approximately 1.5 years. 

The fair value of each option was estimated on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes model that used the following assumptions: 

Expected dividend yield    
        0  %  
 
     Risk-free interest rate    
        1.5  %  
 
     Expected option term    
          6 years       
 
     Volatility    
        88.3  %  
 
     Weighted-average fair value    
     $  2.66     

The Company calculated the expected term of the stock option
awards using what the Company predicts for the future exercise pattern because the Company lacks historical data and is unable
to make reasonable assumptions using historical exercise patterns. The Company also estimates forfeitures of share-based awards
at the time of grant and revises such estimates in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from original projections. The
Company s assumptions with respect to stock price volatility are based on the average historical volatility of peers with
similar attributes. The Company determines the risk-free interest rate by selecting the U.S. Treasury constant maturity rate. 

21   

STG Group, Inc.    

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
       (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)(Unaudited)    

Note 12.      Stock Based Compensation
(Continued)   

The total compensation expense related to stock options granted
under the Plan was $0.2 million and $0.5 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The income
tax benefit related to share-based compensation expense was approximately $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $1.1 million of total unrecognized compensation expense
related to the stock options granted under the Plan is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.7 years. The
total unrecognized share-based compensation expense to be recognized in future periods as of September 30, 2016 does not consider
the effect of share-based awards that may be issued in future periods. 

Stock option awards as of September 30, 2016, and changes during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

There was no aggregate intrinsic value for the options outstanding
and exercisable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 because the exercise price exceeds the underlying share price. 

Restricted Stock Awards  

In June 2016, the Company granted restricted stock awards under
the Plan to members of the Board of Directors. The awards vest at 20% on the date of the award and in two 40% increments during
the remaining annual period. 

The total compensation expense related to restricted stock awards
granted under the Plan was $0.02 million and $0.05 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The income tax
benefit related to share-based compensation expense was approximately $0.01 million and $0.02 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $0.07 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to the restricted
stock awards under the Plan is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 0.7 years. The total unrecognized share-based
compensation expense to be recognized in future periods as of September 30, 2016 does not consider the effect of share-based awards
that may be issued in future periods. 

Outstanding (non-vested) and vested restricted awards as of
September 30, 2016 totaled 44,800 and 11,200, respectively, and 11,200 vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
The grant date fair value of vested and non-vested awards was $1.99 per share. 

The effective income tax rate was 52% and 42% for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 0% for three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The Company s effective
tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, differs from the statutory federal rate as a result of state benefits,
net of federal provision, permanent differences and changes in estimates made in the deferred taxes recorded as part of the Business
Combination, which were not accounted for as measurement period adjustments.  The Company s effective tax rate for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, differs from the statutory federal rate as a result of the Company s Subchapter
S election prior to the Business Combination, the provision for certain state income taxes, and nondeductible items. 

Note 14.      Segment Information   

Segment information is not presented since all of the Company s
revenue and operations are attributed to a single reportable segment. In accordance with authoritative guidance on segment reporting
under the FASB, the chief operating decision maker has been identified as the President. The President reviews operating results
to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire company. 

22   

STG Group, Inc.    

Management s Discussion and Analysis    

Item 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT  

STG Group, Inc. (formerly known as Global
Defense   National Security Systems, Inc.), a former special purpose acquisition company focused on the U.S. defense and national
security sector, successfully completed after the close of business November 23, 2015 (the  Closing Date ) the business
combination (the  Business Combination ) with STG Group, Inc. ( STG Group  or the  Predecessor ),
a provider of cyber, software and intelligence solutions to the U.S. government. At the closing of the Business Combination, the
Company changed its name to  STG Group, Inc.  The Business Combination was consummated pursuant to the stock purchase
agreement, dated as of June 8, 2015, by and among the Company, the Predecessor, the stockholders of the Predecessor, Global Defense
LLC and Simon S. Lee, as Stockholders  Representative. This combination is discussed in Note 2 of the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements included herein. 

In connection with the closing of the Business
Combination, the Predecessor changed its name to  STG Group Holdings, Inc.  Unless the context otherwise requires,
the  Company ,  we,   us,  and  our  refers to STG Group, Inc. 

The following discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the related notes thereto, along with the related Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December, 31, 2015. 

This Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) contains certain financial measures, in particular
the presentation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ). These non-GAAP financial measures are being presented because they provide readers of this MD A with
additional insight into the Company s operational performance relative to comparable prior periods presented and relative
to its peer group. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are key measures used by the Company to evaluate its performance. The Company does
not intend for these non-GAAP financial measures to be a substitute for any GAAP financial information. Readers of this MD A
should use these non-GAAP financial measures only in conjunction with the comparable GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most comparable GAAP measure, are provided in this MD A. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

We make forward-looking statements in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements relate to outlooks or expectations for earnings, revenues, expenses
or other future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations, or the impact of legal or regulatory matters on
business, results of operations or financial condition. Specifically, forward-looking statements may include statements relating
to: 

the future financial
performance of the Company;  

23   

expansion plans and opportunities;   

maintaining/increasing our growth rates through marketing and an effective sales force;   

maintaining our technology platforms and continuing to develop enhancements;   

maintaining cost-effectiveness of technology and operations;   

maintaining and successfully bidding for government contracts;   

changes in economic, business, competitive, technological and/or regulatory factors;   

identify and consummating acquisitions on an accretive basis; and   

other statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words  estimate,   plan,   project,   forecast,   intend,   expect,   anticipate,   believe,   seek,   target  or similar expressions.   

Other risks and uncertainties indicated
in this report, as well as those disclosed in the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including
those discussed under  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015. 

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Form 10-Q and current expectations,
forecasts and assumptions and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be
relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of known and unknown risks and uncertainties or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some factors that could cause actual results to
differ include: 

success in retaining
or recruiting, or changes required in, officers, key employees or directors;  

economic weakness, either nationally, or in the local markets in which we operate;   

the size of our addressable markets and the amount of U.S. government spending on private contractors;   

adverse litigation or arbitration results;   

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities;   

risks and costs associated with regulation of corporate governance and disclosure standards (including pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act);   

the risk factors listed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, under   Risk Factors   beginning on page 17.   

changes in economic, business, competitive, technological and/or regulatory factors; and,   

competitors in our various markets.   

OVERVIEW  

We provide specialist cyber, software
and intelligence solutions to U.S. government organizations with a national security mandate. Our solutions are integral to national
security-related programs run by more than 50 U.S. government agencies, including the Department of Defense, the Intelligence
Community, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of State and other government departments with national security
responsibilities. Our programs are predominantly funded from base budgets and are essential to the effective day-to-day operations
of our customers. 

Our operational strength and track record
has been established in securing highly sensitive, mission-critical national security networks, solving complex technology problems
in mission-critical contexts and providing decision makers with actionable intelligence from multiple data sources. 

Our primary areas of expertise include: 

24   

Security information and event management   

Network intrusion detection and prevention   

Application vulnerability assessment   

Agile software development   

Command and control system development   

Complex application development   

Advanced collection and analysis   

Multi-intelligence exploitation and dissemination   

Multi-lingual intelligence analysis   

We are SEI CMMI Maturity Level 3 Rated and
hold certifications in ISO 9001:2008, ISO/IEC 20000-1:2011 and ISO/IEC 27001:2013. We fully integrate ISO 20000-1:2011 quality
aspects into our corporate engineering methodology to ensure we deliver high-quality products and services on time and within budget. 

We employ over 900 cybersecurity, software
development and intelligence analysis professionals who deliver these solutions in both the continental United States and in approximately
4 overseas locations. 

25   

The Predecessor was founded in 1986 as the
Software Technology Group. Over that time, we have built strong, trusted and enduring relationships with a wide range of Federal
Government customers, supporting their mission-critical operations across a very broad contract base. We have achieved a period
of continuous performance of more than a decade. As of September 30, 2016, our largest single contract award represented 20% of
total revenues; the top 5 contracts represented 58% of total revenues. 

We are currently contracted with approximately
50 U.S. Federal Government organizations, and we derive the majority of our revenue from contracts with U.S. Government agencies
with a national security mission. As of September 30, 2016, we derived approximately 44% of our revenue from the Department of
Defense; approximately 35% from the Department of State; approximately 20% from other Federal Civilian agencies, with most of that
revenue coming from the Department of Homeland Security; and approximately 2% coming from the Intelligence Community. 

Selected Key Financial Metrics  

Contract Revenue   

Revenue decreased $6.7 million and $24.3
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015. The decrease
in revenue in both the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is due to the expiration of contracts with the Drug Enforcement
Agency, the Intelligence Community, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Homeland Security. 

The table below summarizes the Company s
revenue by customer for both the three and nine months ended September 30, of 2016 and 2015. 

26   

The Department of Defense
continues to be our largest customer with 44% of the revenue in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
45% and 43% in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Revenue generally decreased across the
customer base for the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015, although there
was an increase in revenue from Federal Civilian agencies. 

Time-and-materials contract revenue decreased
by $1.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 versus the third quarter of 2015 and $8.1 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 versus the same period in 2015. The reduction in time-and-materials contract revenue was driven by reduced activity for
the Department of Defense, Department of State and Drug Enforcement Agency customers for both the quarter and nine month periods.
Fixed price contract revenue decreased by $3.2 and $9.7 million when comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
versus the same periods in 2015. Reductions in Department of Defense and Department of Homeland Security customers  activities
are responsible for these decreases. The $2.1 million and $6.4 million reductions in Cost Plus Fixed Fee revenues were mainly due
to a reduction in Intelligence Community customers for both the quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
the same period in 2015. 

The table below summarizes revenue by
contract type for both the three and nine months ended September 30 of 2016 and 2015. 

Prime contract revenue decreased by $5.7
million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease was attributable to the expiration of Army
contracts, the Drug Enforcement Administration contract, a Department of Homeland Security contract, and Intelligence Community
contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, prime contract revenue decreased by $22.1 million compared to the same
period in 2015, for similar reasons. The Company continues to look to increase its presence as a prime contractor on larger, more
complex programs where it delivers services to customers by deploying its own staff and expertise, and by managing the efforts
of other contractors. 

The table below summarizes the Company s
revenue by prime and subcontract type for both the quarter and nine months ended September 30 of 2016 and 2015. 

27   

Results of Operations (Unaudited)  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Successor) Compared
to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 (Predecessor)  

Selected Financial Information  

The table below summarizes the Company s
third quarter of 2016 and 2015 revenues and income from operations. 

28   

Revenue   

Revenue decreased $6.7 million for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. This decrease was primarily due to the expiration of contracts
with the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Intelligence Community, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Homeland Security. 

Direct Expenses and Gross Profit   

Direct expenses consist of direct labor,
subcontractors and consultants, and other direct costs. In the quarter ended September 30, 2016, direct expenses decreased by 14%,
or $4.7 million compared to the same period in 2015. This decrease in direct expenses is mainly a result of a reduction in Company
employees and subcontractors as a result of the expiration of Army, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Homeland Security,
and Intelligence Community contracts. 

Gross profit for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was lower by $2.0 million, or 13% compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was primarily
due to the decrease in revenue. Gross profit margins for the third quarter of 2016 of 31% were comparable to the third quarter
of 2015. 

Indirect and Selling Expenses   

Indirect and selling expenses increased
22%, or $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily
due to amortization costs related to the business combination on November 23, 2015, increased severance costs and increased public
company transition related costs partially offset by cost savings realized from a reduction in force which took effect in the fourth
quarter of 2015. 

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, STG (Predecessor) recorded an impairment loss on Access Systems goodwill of $2.1 million
and an impairment loss on Access Systems customer relationships of $0.9 million, primarily due to declining profits on contracts.
The primary methods used to measure the impairment losses for DSTI and Access Systems were the income method and the market approach.
The impairment is primarily due to declining revenues and expected future cash flows from the DSTI and Access Systems reporting
units. 

Operating Income    

We had an operating loss in the third
quarter of 2016 of $0.9 million, compared to operating income of $0.7 million in the third quarter of 2015, representing a 229%
decrease. The reduction in operating income was partially due to lower revenue and gross profit from contracts, and higher indirect
and selling public company expenses in 2016, and increased intangible amortization expenses of $1.8 million compared to the same
period in 2015 as a result of the transaction, all of which were partially offset by cost reductions arising from cost cutting
measures taken in the fourth quarter of 2015. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Other income (expense) was $0.4 million
less in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 representing a 100% decrease in expense. The 2015 expense
of 0.4 million was primarily generated by the Trust due to the 2015 reduction in overall market performance. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense was $2.2 million for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to no interest expense for the third quarter of 2015. Interest expense for 2016 reflects
the Company s new level of debt following the consummation of the Business Combination. See the  Indebtedness 
section of this MD A for further discussion. As a result, pre and post-acquisition interest expense will not be comparable. 

Tax Benefit    

The tax benefit was $1.6 million for the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 million for the third quarter of 2015. The post-acquisition deferred tax benefit
was primarily due to the future benefit related to the capitalization and amortization (for tax purposes) of start-up costs. The
predecessor company was an S Corporation for Federal and most State related tax filings and as a result the tax liabilities flowed
directly to its stockholders. As a result, pre and post-acquisition income tax related expenses will not be comparable.   

29   

Net (Loss) Income   

Net loss was ($1.5) million for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $0.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The reduction of $1.8
million was primarily due to an increase in indirect expenses related to increased amortization of intangible assets due to the
Business Combination in November 2015, higher public company costs and interest expense in 2016 as well as lower gross profit on
lower revenue. These reductions in net income were partially offset by indirect cost savings realized in the second quarter of
2016 as a result the cost cutting measures taken in 2015 and 2016. 

The Company defines EBITDA as net (loss)
income before interest expense, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization and (gain)/loss on disposal
of property, plant and equipment. 

The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as
EBITDA, excluding the impact of operational restructuring charges and non-cash or non-operational losses or gains, including long-lived
asset impairment charges, formal cost reduction plans, excess and unutilized accruals, transactional legal fees, other professional
fees and retention employee bonuses. 

Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA
provides a clear picture of our operating results by eliminating expenses and income that are not reflective of the underlying
business performance. We use this metric to facilitate a comparison of operating performance on a consistent basis from period
to period and to analyze the factors and trends affecting its core business areas. Our internal plans, budgets and forecasts use
Adjusted EBITDA as a key metric and the Company uses this measure to evaluate its operating performance and core business operating
performance and to determine the level of incentive compensation paid to its employees. Adjusted EBITDA is not an item recognized
by the generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, and should not be considered as
an alternative to net income, operating income, or any other indicator of a company s operating performance required by U.S.
GAAP. Our definition of Adjusted EBITDA used here may not be comparable to the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used by other companies.
A reconciliation of income from net income to Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 

Set forth below is a reconciliation of
Adjusted EBITDA to net (loss) income (unaudited): 

(1)    Integration and other restructuring
costs include development of incentive compensation plans, branding, communication plans, and severance related to reductions
in force.  

(2)    Expenses incurred by the
Company as a result of transitioning from a privately owned entity to a public company. These expenses include increased legal
and accounting costs, investor relations, and marketing expenses.  

(3)    Transaction-related expenses
primarily consist of professional service fees related to the Business Combination.  

(4)    Represents non-cash share
based compensation expense for awards under the Company s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan.  

30   

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Successor) Compared
to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 (Predecessor)  

Selected Financial Information  

The table below summarizes the Company s
revenues and income from operations for the periods indicated. 

31   

Revenue   

Revenue decreased $24.2 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to the expiration
of contracts with the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Intelligence Community, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Homeland
Security. 

Direct Expenses and Gross Profit   

Direct expenses consist of direct labor,
subcontractors and consultants, and other direct costs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, direct expenses decreased
by 17%, or $17 million over the same period a year ago. This decrease in direct expenses was mainly a result of a reduction in
Company employees and subcontractors as a result of the expiration of Army, Drug Enforcement Administration, Department of Homeland
Security, and Intelligence Community contracts. 

Gross profit for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was lower by $7.2 million, or 15% compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease in gross
profit was primarily due to the decrease in revenue. Gross profit margins for the first nine months of 2016 of 32% were comparable
to the first nine months of 2015. 

Indirect and Selling Expenses   

Indirect and selling expenses decreased
2%, or $0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease in indirect
and selling expenses was primarily due to cost savings realized from a reduction in force which took effect in the fourth quarter
of 2015, partially offset by increased public company transition related costs and additional amortization costs related to the
business combination on November 23, 2015. 

For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, STG (Predecessor) recorded an impairment loss on Access Systems goodwill of $2.1 million and an impairment loss on
Access Systems customer relationships of $0.9 million, primarily due to declining profits on contracts. The primary methods
used to measure the impairment losses for DSTI and Access Systems were the income method and the market approach. The
impairment was primarily due to declining revenues and expected future cash flows generated for the DSTI and Access Systems
reporting units. 

Operating Income    

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 operating loss was $0.5 million compared to $3.0 million in operating income for the first three quarters of 2015, representing
a 117% decrease. The reduced operating income was primarily due to lower revenue and gross profit from contracts partially offset
by cost reductions realized from cost cutting measures taken in the fourth quarter of 2015. The cost reductions were partially
offset by higher public company costs and increased amortization expenses as a result of the Business Combination on November 23,
2015. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Other income (expense) was ($0.4) million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $(0.3) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The difference
of ($0.1) million was principally comprised of investment losses from the Rabbi Trust. Market fluctuations caused the change in
other income (expense) between the first three quarters of 2016 compared to the first three quarters of 2015. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense was $6.5 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to interest expense of less than $.01 million for the first three quarters of 2015.
Interest expense for 2016 reflects the Company s new level of debt following the consummation of the Business Combination.
See the  Indebtedness  section of this MD A for further discussion. As a result, pre and post-acquisition interest
expense will not be comparable. 

Tax Benefit    

The tax benefit was $3.1 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0 million for the first nine months of 2015. The post-acquisition deferred tax
benefit was primarily due to the future benefit related to the capitalization and amortization (for tax purposes) of start-up costs.
The predecessor company was an S Corporation for Federal and most State related tax filings and as a result, the tax liabilities
flowed directly to its stockholders. As a result, pre and post-acquisition income tax related expenses will not be comparable.   

32   

Net (Loss) Income   

Net loss was ($4.3) million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $2.7 million for the same period ended September 30, 2015. The reduction
of $7 million is due to an increase in indirect expenses caused by increased amortization of intangible assets due to the Business
Combination in November 2015, higher public company costs and interest expense in 2016 as well as lower gross profit on lower revenue.
Such reductions in net income were partially offset by indirect cost savings realized in the first two quarters of 2016 as a result
the cost cutting measures taken in 2015. 

Set forth below is a reconciliation of Adjusted
EBITDA to net (loss) income (unaudited): 

(1)    Integration
and other restructuring costs include development of incentive compensation plans, branding, communication plans, and severance
related to reductions in force.  

(2)    Expenses incurred by the
Company as a result of transitioning from a privately owned entity to a public company. These expenses include increased legal
and accounting costs, investor relations, and marketing expenses . 

(3)    Transaction-related expenses
primarily consist of professional service fees related to the Business Combination.  

(4)    Represents non-cash share
based compensation expense for awards under the Company s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan.  

Note-    Tax  provision
in 2015 relates to tax payments made in jurisdictions where the Company files as if it were a C Corporation for tax purposes (i.e.
the District of Columbia). These expenses were included in indirect and selling costs during that period in the accompanying financial
statements.  

33   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Background  

For the nine months ended September 2015
(Predecessor) and in prior years, the Company had not been leveraged other than its revolving credit facility, which in the past
had been used to provide working capital, mobilize new project wins, and cover abnormal fluctuations in the timing of cash receipts
and payments. 

On November 23, 2015, the Company, together
with STG Group, STG, Inc., and Access Systems entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with the lenders
party thereto from time to time, MC Admin Co LLC (the  Lender ), as administrative agent, PNC Bank, National Association,
as collateral agent (the  Collateral Agent ), and MC Admin Co LLC, as lead arranger. The Company served as the initial
borrower of the term loans under the Credit Agreement, and STG, Inc. and Access Systems (collectively, the  Borrowers )
each immediately assumed all obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement as if they had originally incurred them as borrowers.
The Company and STG Group have each guaranteed Borrowers  obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

The Revolving Loan and the Term Loan both
mature on November 23, 2020. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
$7.7 million of available cash, $15 million of additional borrowings available under the revolving credit facility and up to $90
million available under the uncommitted accordion facility to be used to fund acquisitions (subject to additional lender commitments). 

Indebtedness  

In connection with the consummation of the
Business Combination, all indebtedness under STG Group s prior credit facility was repaid in full and the agreement was terminated.
The Company replaced the prior credit facility and entered into a new facility (the Credit Agreement) with the Lender. 

The Credit Agreement provides for: 

 (a) a term loan in an aggregate principal
amount of $81.75 million 

 (b) a $15 million asset-based revolving
line-of-credit 

 (c) an uncommitted accordion facility to
be used to fund acquisitions of up to $90 million. 

Concurrent with the consummation of the
Business Combination, the full amount of the term loan was drawn and there were no amounts drawn on the other two facilities. Each
facility matures on November 23, 2020. The Company recorded $6.2 million of debt issuance costs in connection with the new facility
as a reduction to the carrying amount of the new term loan. These costs will be amortized using the effective interest method over
the life of the term loan. 

The principal amount of the term loan amortizes
in quarterly installments which increase after each annual period. The quarterly installments range from 0.625% to 2.500% of the
original principal amount and are paid through the quarter ending September 30, 2019. The remaining unpaid principal is due on
the maturity date of November 23, 2020. 

34   

At the Company s election, the interest
rate per annum applicable to all the facilities is based on a fluctuating rate of interest. The interest rate in effect as of September
30, 2016 was 8.8%. The Borrowers may elect to use either a Base Rate or a Eurodollar Rate. The interest rate per annum for electing
the Base Rate will be equal to the sum of 6.80% plus the Base Rate, which is equal to the highest of: (a) the base commercial lending
rate of the Collateral Agent as publicly announced to be in effect from time to time, as adjusted by the Collateral Agent; (b)
the sum of 0.50% per annum and the Federal Funds Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement); (c) the daily one month LIBOR rate
as published each business day in the Wall Street Journal for a one month period divided by a number equal to 1.00 minus the Reserve
Percentage (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 100 basis points, as of such day and; (d) 2.00%. 

The interest rate per annum for electing
the Eurodollar Rate will be equal to the sum of 7.80% plus the Eurodollar Rate, which is equal to the highest of: (a) the amount
calculated by dividing (x) the rate which appears on the Bloomberg Page BBAM1, or the rate which is quoted by another authorized
source, two business days prior to the commencement of any interest period as the LIBOR for such an amount by (y) a number equal
to 1.00 minus the Reserve Percentage (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and; (b) 1.00%. 

Advances under the revolving line-of-credit
are limited by a borrowing base which may not exceed the lesser of (x) the difference between $15,000,000 and amounts outstanding
under letters of credit issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement; and (y) an amount equal to the sum of: (i) up to 85% of certain
accounts receivable of the Company plus (ii) up to 100% of unrestricted cash on deposit in the Company s accounts with the
Collateral Agent, minus (iii) amounts outstanding under letters of credit issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement, minus (iv) reserves
established by the Collateral Agent from time to time in its reasonable credit judgment exercised in good faith. 

Covenant Compliance  

The Company is also subject to certain provisions which will
require mandatory prepayments of its term loan and has agreed to certain minimums for its fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated
EBITDA and certain maximums for its senior secured leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement as well as restrictions
on the amount of outstanding liens, sales of assets, payment of dividends, other indebtedness, and investments. As of September
30, 2016, the Company did not meet the required consolidated senior secured leverage ratio and minimum consolidated EBITDA. The
Company remained in compliance with the Credit Agreement by using a provision of the Credit Agreement that allowed us to cure
(the  Cure Right ) certain covenant non-compliance by issuance of Common Stock for cash and use of proceeds to reduce
the principal balance of the term loan. 

On November 14, 2016, we entered into Common
Stock Purchase Agreements with Simon S. Lee Management Trust, for which Simon Lee, our Chairman, is Trustee, and Phillip E. Lacombe,
our President and Chief Operating Officer (collectively, the  Investors ) that provided for the sale to the Investors
of 462,778 shares of Common Stock at a purchase price of $3.60 per share, an aggregate of approximately $1.7 million. We used the
proceeds to reduce the principal balance of the term loan as required to effect the Cure Right. 

The Credit Agreement also provides that
the senior secured leverage ratio will be lowered on December 31, 2016, and that the minimum consolidated EBITDA requirement will
be increased on June 30, 2017. If our business performs at the current level through such periods, we may not be able to satisfy
these covenants. An inability to meet the required covenant levels could have a material adverse impact on us, including the need
for us to effect an additional Cure Right or obtain an amendment, waiver, or other changes in the Credit Agreement. The Credit
Agreement does not allow the Company to exercise the Cure Right in consecutive fiscal quarters, more than three fiscal quarters
in the aggregate, or in no more than two of any four fiscal quarters. The amount allowed under the Cure Right may not exceed $2.5
million and 20% of consolidated EBITDA. The aggregate Cure Rights may not exceed $5 million. Any amendment or waiver under the
Credit Agreement may result in increased interest rates or premiums and more restrictive covenants and other terms less advantageous
to us, and may require the payment of a fee for such amendment or waiver. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain
a waiver or amendment, or effect a cure, on terms acceptable to us. 

If we are not able to effect a Cure Right
or otherwise obtain an amendment to or waiver under the Credit Agreement, our covenant non-compliance will give rise to an event
of default thereunder, in which case the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement could be declared immediately due and payable,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

35   

Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows
for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Successor) and the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 (Predecessor)  

Cash used in operating activities   

Operating cash flows are primarily affected
by the Company s revenues generated from existing customers, the ability to invoice and collect from its clients in a timely
manner, its ability to manage its vendor payments, the overall profitability of its contracts and its cash interest expense. Customers
are mostly billed monthly after services are rendered. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 (successor), cash used in operating activities was ($3.1) million. The cash used in operating activities was significantly
impacted by a net loss of ($4.2) million and a distribution of ($3.9) million from the Rabbi Trust triggered by the Business Combination.
These were offset by increases of (i) $4 million of adjustments for non-cash changes in deferred taxes, deferred rent, amortization
of deferred financing fees, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment, amortization of intangible assets, and stock-based
compensation and (ii) a net increase in cash of $1.6 million due to changes in contract receivables, prepaid expenses, and billings
in excess of revenue. The foregoing were partially offset by $0.6 million of payments for accounts payable and accrued expenses
along with accrued payroll and payroll related liabilities. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015 (predecessor), cash provided by operating activities was $38 million. The cash provided by operating activities was significantly
impacted by the (i) net income of $2.7 million and (ii) increases in cash due to changes in contract receivables, prepaid expenses,
and billings in excess of revenue totaling $21.7 million, (iii) increases in accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued payroll
and payroll related liabilities of $7.6 million (iii) adjustments for non-cash changes in deferred rent, depreciation and amortization
and amortization of intangible assets of $6.0 million. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 the Company had cash collections of $117.3 million, or 94% of revenue recognized in the period. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Company had cash collections of $122.3 million, or 82% of revenue recognized in the period. The higher
percentage of collections for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is due to lagging receivables from 2015 which were collected
during this period. 

The Company computes accounts receivable
days sales outstanding ( DSO ) based on trailing three-month revenue. Days sales outstanding increased by 15 days from
48 days as of September 30, 2015, to 63 days as of September 30, 2016. Total receivables for purposes of the DSO calculation includes
both billed and unbilled receivables as well as billings in excess of revenue recognized. 

Cash provided by investing activities   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 (successor), cash provided by investing activities of $3.8 million is proceeds from the sale of the investments held in the
Rabbi Trust for distribution to the plan participants. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015 (predecessor), cash used in investing activities was $3.9 million, primarily the result of a note receivable issued to a stockholder
as well as investments in equipment and software, and leasehold improvements. 

36   

Cash used in financing activities   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 (successor), cash used in financing activities was $1.5 million, primarily the result of payments due on the Company s
term debt. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015 (predecessor), cash used in financing activities was $28.6 million. The cash used in financing activities was primarily the
result of (i) repayment of the prior revolving credit facility of $13.5 million, (ii) a $6.1 million decrease of outstanding checks
in excess of the bank balance, and (iii) distributions to the Predecessor s stockholders of $9 million. 

Depreciation and Amortization  

Depreciation and amortization totaled $0.4
million and $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the same period ended September 30, 2015, respectively.
The $0.4 million decrease was primarily caused by recording property, plant, and equipment and identifiable intangible assets at
fair value in acquisition accounting for the Business Combination. 

Capital Expenditures  

Capital expenditures for property, plant,
and equipment totaled $0 million and $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Cash Paid for Income Taxes  

Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds
totaled $0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (successor). The Predecessor was an S corporation prior to the
closing of the Business Combination and did not have corporate level taxes. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

There are no material changes to the disclosures
regarding off-balance sheet arrangements made in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. 

Related Party Transactions  

A company owned by a party related to the
majority stockholder of the Company is both a subcontractor to and customer of the Company on various contracts. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, amounts due from this entity totaled $0.01 million  and $0.03 million, respectively. The Company
recorded revenue of $0.04 million and $0.01 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

No amount was due to this entity as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for work performed under subcontracts. The Company also recorded no direct costs for the nine ended
September 30, 2016 and $0.10 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, relating to such work performed. 

On November 23, 2015, Global Strategies
Group (North America) Inc., an affiliate of Holdings, and the Company entered into a services agreement, pursuant to which the
Company may retain Global Strategies Group (North America) Inc. from time to time to perform certain services: corporate development
services such as assisting the Company in post-integration matters, regulatory compliance support services, financial services
and financial reporting, business development and strategic services, marketing and public relations services, and human resources
services. Global Strategies Group (North America) Inc. is an affiliate of both the Company and a Board member. Amounts paid and
expensed under this agreement during the three months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $0.2 million. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

There have been no significant changes to
our Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates during the third quarter of 2016. Refer to our Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC. 

37   

ITEM 3.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

Not applicable 

ITEM 4.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company maintains disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the period covered by Company
files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the
Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives. 

As of the end of the period covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, conducted an
evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934). Based upon this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures are not effective in timely alerting management of all material information relating to us that is required
to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 due to the material weakness in
internal control over financial reporting described in  Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
in Item 9A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December, 31, 2015. 

38   

Remediation of Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting  

Management is committed to improving our
overall system of internal control over financial reporting, including taking necessary steps to fully remediate the material weakness
identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December, 31, 2015. Management intends to implement enhanced procedures
over the Company s review and monitoring controls over the consolidated income tax provision to improve the likelihood of
preventing or detecting material errors. 

Management believes that such measures should
be sufficient to remediate the identified material weaknesses and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. We
cannot assure you, however, that these steps will remediate such weaknesses, nor can we be certain of whether additional actions
will be required or the costs of any such actions. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

On November 23, 2015, we completed our Business
Combination with STG Group, which was previously not a reporting company. We continue to implement internal control over financial
reporting related to the operation of STG Group as the subsidiary of a public company. Other than in connection with the foregoing
and the remedial action outlined above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the first nine months ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

39   

PART II  OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  

We are not currently subject to any material
legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers and directors
in their corporate capacity. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

There are no material changes to the disclosures
regarding risk factors made in Part I. Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, except as
follows: 

The
agreements governing our indebtedness require us to comply with financial maintenance covenants. If we are unable to comply with
these covenants, our business, results of operations and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected.   

The Company is subject to certain provisions
of its Credit Agreement require the Company to meet certain minimums for its fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated EBITDA
and certain maximums for its senior secured leverage ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2016, the
Company did not meet the required consolidated senior secured leverage ratio and minimum consolidated EBITDA. The Company remained
in compliance with the Credit Agreement by using a provision of the Credit Agreement that allowed us to cure (the  Cure
Right ) certain covenant non-compliance by issuance of Common Stock for cash and use of proceeds to reduce the principal
balance of the term loan. As a result, pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the financial covenants were recalculated giving effect
to the paydown of the debt, and we remained in compliance under the Credit Agreement. 

The Credit Agreement also provides that
the senior secured leverage ratio will be lowered on December 31, 2016, and that the minimum consolidated EBITDA requirement will
be increased on June 30, 2017. If our business performs at the current level through such periods, we may not be able to satisfy
these covenants. An inability to meet the required covenant levels could have a material adverse impact on us, including the need
for us to effect an additional Cure Right or obtain an amendment, waiver, or other changes in the Credit Agreement. The Credit
Agreement does not allow the Company to exercise the Cure Right in consecutive fiscal quarters, more than three fiscal quarters
in the aggregate, or in no more than two of any four fiscal quarters. The amount allowed under the Cure Right may not exceed $2.5
million and 20% of consolidated EBITDA. The aggregate of Cure Rights may not exceed $5 million. Any amendment or waiver under the
Credit Agreement may result in increased interest rates or premiums and more restrictive covenants and other terms less advantageous
to us, and may require the payment of a fee for such amendment or waiver. There can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain
a waiver or amendment, or effect a cure, on terms acceptable to us. 

If we are not able to effect a Cure Right
or otherwise obtain an amendment to or waiver under the Credit Agreement, our covenant non-compliance will give rise to an event
of default thereunder, in which case the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement could be declared immediately due and payable,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Goodwill and other intangible assets represent approximately
60% of our total assets and any impairment of these assets could negatively impact our results of operations.   

As of September 30, 2016, goodwill
accounted for approximately $114 million, or approximately 60%, of our recorded total assets. Under U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP), we review our goodwill for impairment quarterly and annually, or when events or changes in
circumstances ( triggering events ) indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. If goodwill becomes
impaired, we will record a charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our
goodwill is determined, which may significantly reduce or eliminate our profits. 

No triggering events occurred during the
nine month period ending September 30, 2016 requiring an interim impairment test. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
the Company has been unable to achieve its targeted revenue forecasts, however, we have taken cost cutting measures to reduce
the impact of lower than forecasted revenues on our profitability and cash flows. If we are unable to achieve revenue growth and
increased profitability, future impairment tests may result in a goodwill impairment charge, which could be material. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

None 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

On November 14, 2016, we entered into Common
Stock Purchase Agreements with the Investors that provided for the sale to the Investors of 462,778 shares of Common Stock at a
purchase price of $3.60 per share, an aggregate of approximately $1.7 million. The sales of such shares under the Common Stock
Purchase Agreements closed on November 14, 2016. The foregoing sales were made in reliance on the exemption from registration set
forth in Rule 506 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We used the proceeds to reduce the principal balance
of our term loan to effect the Cure Right under the Credit Agreement, as further discussed in  Management s Discussion
and Analysis Liquidity and Capital Resources Covenant Compliance,  in Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The following exhibits are filed as part of,
or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

(1)        filed
herewith electronically. 

40   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

STG Group, Inc.    

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/ Phillip E. Lacombe   

Name: Phillip E. Lacombe   

Title: President (principal executive officer)   

/s/ Charles L. Cosgrove   

Name: Charles L. Cosgrove   

Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer)   

41   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

(1)        filed
herewith electronically. 

42   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v452589_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

SEPARATION AND GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT   

This Separation and General Release Agreement (this
  Agreement  ) is entered into between STG Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (formerly known as Global
Defense   National Security Systems, Inc.) (together with its successors and assigns, the   Company  ),
and Paul Fernandes (  Executive  ). 

WHEREAS, Executive executed an Executive Employment
Agreement with Global Defense   National Security Systems, Inc. (the   Employment Agreement  ), which
became effective as of the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (as that term is defined in the
Employment Agreement); and 

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive have agreed that Executive
will retire from the Company on a date in 2016 that is to be determined; and 

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive desire to enter into this
Agreement to memorialize their respective rights and obligations in connection with Executive s retirement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants undertaken
and releases contained in this Agreement, Executive and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree as follows: 

1.
        Separation . Executive s employment with the Company and all affiliates
thereof will be terminated upon the earliest of (i) December 31, 2016, (ii) a date that is agreed upon by the Company and
Executive and (iii) provided that the Company provides at least one month s advance written notice to the Executive, a
date specified by the Company (the   Date of Termination  ). 

2.         Accrued
Compensation . Executive will become entitled to the payments described in Section 7 of the Employment Agreement following
the Date of Termination (the   Accrued Compensation  ). 

3.         Severance .
In addition to the Accrued Compensation, if Executive signs and delivers to the Company the general release attached hereto as
Exhibit A (the  Release ) on or after the Date of Termination, and the Release becomes effective (and irrevocable)
no later than the 21st day following the Date of Termination, then, Executive shall be entitled to receive installment payments
in the gross amount of $601,128.00 payable in accordance with Section 6 of the Employment Agreement and such payments shall be
in full satisfaction of all obligations of the Company under Section 6 of the Employment Agreement. 

4.
        Continuing Covenants . Executive acknowledges that Sections 8 through 11 of
the Employment contain certain restrictive covenants, including covenants relating to Confidential Information, Work Product,
Noncompetition and Non-Solicitation, and that these covenants survive, and Executive will remain bound by, the terms of such
covenants following the Date of Termination, and, without limiting the foregoing, the Company and Executive acknowledge and
agree that Sections 6 through 29 of the Employment Agreement shall survive and continue in full force until the performance
of the obligations thereunder, if any, including after the Date of Termination, in accordance with their respective
terms. 

1   

5.         Consulting.
 The Parties agree that the Executive will provide consulting services to the Company following the Date of Termination for
an intended term of eighteen months, the scope of services and rates for which will be agreed by the parties. 

6.         Return
of Property and Information . Subject to the terms of a consulting agreement referred to in clause 5 hereof pursuant to which
the Executive will be contracted to provide services to the Company, the Executive shall surrender and return to the Company any
and all company property in his possession including laptop computers, hand held devices, notes, correspondence, memoranda, notebooks,
records, reports, files, proposals and any other documents (and all copies thereof) in your possession containing any confidential
or proprietary information relating to the Company or any merchant, business partner or customer, or prospective merchant, business
partner or customer of the Company on the Date of Termination (or such other date as the Company may specify). 

7.
        Complete Understanding . Executive acknowledges and agrees that the terms and
conditions of this Agreement constitute the full and complete understandings, agreements and arrangements between Executive
and the Company and that there are no other agreements, covenants, promises or arrangements between Executive and the Company
other than those set forth herein relative to the matters covered by this Agreement. Any subsequent alteration in or
variation of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement must be in a writing executed by the party to be charged. The
headings of sections in this Agreement are provided for convenience only and will not affect its construction or
interpretation. All words used in this Agreement will be construed to be of such gender or number as the circumstances
require. Unless otherwise expressly provided, the word  including  does not limit the words or terms
preceding it. 

8.         Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without
regard to conflicts of laws or other principles which would seek to apply the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

9.         Severability .
Any provision of this Agreement which is held to be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction,
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability, without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof or
affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

10.         Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute
one and the same instrument. 

11.         Delivery
of Agreement and Release . To receive the benefits set forth herein, Executive must sign this Agreement and deliver it to STG
Group, Inc., 11091 Sunset Hills Road, Suite 200, VA 20190, Attention: Mr. Dale Davis, Chief Integration Officer. 

12.         Due
Consideration of Agreement . Executive has been advised to consult with his attorney before signing this Agreement and has
had a reasonable time to review and consider this Agreement and the Release. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that he
has carefully read and considered this Agreement, that it has been explained to his satisfaction, and that he understands he is
releasing all known and unknown claims in exchange for the consideration set forth in this Agreement. 

2   

Date Agreement Delivered to Executive for Consideration: June
30, 2016 

Dated: June 30, 2016    
       STG Group, Inc.    

By:   
     /s/ Dale Davis  

Name:   
      Dale Davis   

Title:   
      Chief Integration Officer   

3   

EXHIBIT A   

RELEASE OF CLAIMS 1   

1.         Release
of Claims.  In partial consideration of the payments and benefits described in Section 6 of the Executive Employment Agreement
effective as of 23 November, 2015 (the   Employment Agreement  ), between STG Group, Inc. (formerly known as Global
Defense   National Security Systems, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (together with its successors and assigns, the   Company  ),
and the undersigned (the   Executive  ), to which the Executive agrees that the Executive is not entitled until
and unless the Executive executes this release (this   Release  ) and it becomes effective and irrevocable in
accordance with the terms hereof, the Executive, for and on behalf of himself and his heirs, successors and assigns, subject to
the last two sentences of this Section 1, hereby waives and releases any employment, compensation or benefit-related common law,
statutory or other complaints, claims, charges or causes of action of any kind whatsoever, both known and unknown, in law or in
equity, that the Executive ever had, now has or may have against the Company and its shareholders, parents, subsidiaries, successors,
assigns, directors, officers, partners, members, managers, employees, trustees (in their official and individual capacities), employee
benefit plans and their administrators and fiduciaries (in their official and individual capacities), representatives or agents,
and each of their affiliates, successors and assigns, (collectively, the   Releasees  ) by reason of acts or omissions
that have occurred on or prior to the date that the Executive signs this Release, including, without limitation, any complaint,
charge or cause of action arising out of the Executive s employment or termination of employment, or any term or condition
of that employment, or arising under federal, state or local laws pertaining to employment, including the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act of 1967 (  ADEA  ), the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the National Labor Relations Act,
the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all as amended, and any
other federal, state and local laws relating to discrimination on the basis of age, sex or other protected class, all claims under
federal, state or local laws for express or implied breach of contract, wrongful discharge, defamation, intentional infliction
of emotional distress, and any related claims for attorneys  fees and costs. The Executive further agrees that this Release
may be pleaded as a full defense to any action, suit, arbitration or other proceeding covered by the terms hereof which is or may
be initiated, prosecuted or maintained by the Executive, the Executive s descendants, dependents, heirs, executors, administrators
or permitted assigns. By signing this Release, the Executive acknowledges that the Executive intends to waive and release any rights
known or unknown that the Executive may have against the Releasees under these and any other laws. Notwithstanding anything in
this Release to the contrary, the Executive does not waive or release claims with respect to (a) any rights that arise under, or
are preserved by, the Employment Agreement, (b) any rights against any Releasee (other than the Company and its affiliates) that
do not arise out of, or relate to, the Executive s employment with the Company, his service for the Company, or the termination thereof, or
(iii) any claims that may not be released as a matter of law, (collectively, the   Unreleased Claims  ). 

1   Note to Draft:
This is the form of release included in the Employment Agreement. 

4   

2.         Proceedings .
The Executive acknowledges that the Executive has not filed any complaint, charge, claim or proceeding, except with respect to
an Unreleased Claim, if any, against any of the Releasees before any local, state or federal agency, court or other body (each
individually a   Proceeding  ) that he has not disclosed to the Company, and that he will use his best reasonable
efforts to discontinue any such Proceeding. The Executive (a) acknowledges and agrees that the Executive will not initiate or cause
to be initiated on his behalf any Proceeding and will not participate in any Proceeding, in each case, except as required by law
or insofar as it relates to Unreleased Claims; and (b) waives any right the Executive may have to benefit in any manner from any
relief (whether monetary or otherwise) arising out of any Proceeding (except to the extent that it relates to Unreleased Claims),
including any Proceeding conducted by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (  EEOC  ). Further, the Executive
understands that, by executing this Release, the Executive will be limiting the availability of certain remedies that the Executive
may have against the Company and limiting also the ability of Executive to pursue certain claims against the Releasees. Notwithstanding
the above, nothing in Section 1 or 2 of this Release shall prevent the Executive from (i) initiating, or causing to be initiated
on his behalf, any complaint, charge, claim or proceeding against the Company before any local, state or federal agency, court
or other body challenging the validity of the waiver of his claims under ADEA contained in Section 1 of this Release (but no other
portion of such waiver); (ii) initiating or participating in an investigation or Proceeding conducted by the EEOC; or (iii) pursuing
any Unreleased Claims. 

3.         Time
to Consider . The Executive acknowledges that the Executive has been advised that he has twenty-one (21) days from the date
of receipt of this Release to consider all the provisions of this Release, and that if the Executive chooses to sign this Release
earlier, the Executive does hereby knowingly and voluntarily waive said given twenty-one (21) day period. THE EXECUTIVE FURTHER
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE EXECUTIVE HAS READ THIS RELEASE CAREFULLY, HAS BEEN ADVISED BY THE COMPANY TO CONSULT AN ATTORNEY, AND FULLY
UNDERSTANDS THAT BY SIGNING BELOW THE EXECUTIVE IS GIVING UP CERTAIN RIGHTS WHICH HE MAY HAVE TO SUE OR ASSERT A CLAIM AGAINST
ANY OF THE RELEASEES, AS DESCRIBED IN SECTION 1 OF THIS RELEASE AND THE OTHER PROVISIONS HEREOF. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
THE EXECUTIVE HAS NOT BEEN FORCED OR PRESSURED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER TO SIGN THIS RELEASE, AND THE EXECUTIVE AGREES TO ALL OF
ITS TERMS VOLUNTARILY. 

4.         Revocation .
The Executive hereby acknowledges and understands that Executive shall have seven (7) days from the date of execution of this Release
to revoke this Release (including, without limitation, any and all claims arising under the ADEA) and that neither the Company
nor any other person is obligated to provide any benefits to the Executive pursuant to Section 6 of the Employment Agreement until
eight (8) days have passed since the Executive s signing of this Release without the Executive having revoked this Release,
in which event the Company immediately shall arrange and/or pay for any such benefits otherwise attributable to said eight- (8)
day period, consistent with the terms of the Employment Agreement. If the Executive revokes this Release, the Executive will be
deemed not to have accepted the terms of this Release, and no action will be required of the Company under any provision of this
Release. 

5   

5.         No
Admission . This Release does not constitute an admission of liability or wrongdoing of any kind by the Executive or the Company. 

6.         General
Provisions . A failure of any of the Releasees to insist on strict compliance with any provision of this Release shall not be
deemed a waiver of such provision or any other provision hereof. If any provision of this Release is determined to be so broad
as to be unenforceable, such provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable, and in the event that any provision
is determined to be entirely unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed severable, such that all other provisions of this Release
shall remain valid and binding upon the Executive and the Releasees. 

7.         Governing
Law . The validity, interpretations, construction and performance of this Release shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth
of Virginia without giving effect to conflict of laws principles. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto
set his hand as of the day and year set forth opposite his signature below. 

DATE      
       
      Paul Fernandes  

6   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v452589_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13a   14(a) or RULE 15d   14(a) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Phillip E. Lacombe, certify that: 

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Phillip E. Lacombe   

Phillip E. Lacombe   

President   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v452589_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13a   14(a) or RULE 15d   14(a) 
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Charles L. Cosgrove, certify that: 

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Charles L. Cosgrove   

Charles L. Cosgrove   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v452589_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of STG Group, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ),  I, Phillip E. Lacombe, President of STG Group, Inc. (the
 Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:  

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Phillip E. Lacombe   

Phillip E. Lacombe   

President   

(principal executive officer)   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to STG Group, Inc. and will be retained by STG Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon reques t.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v452589_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of STG Group, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ),  I, Charles L. Cosgrove, Chief Financial  Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Charles L. Cosgrove   

Charles L. Cosgrove   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial officer)   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to STG Group, Inc. and will be retained by STG Group, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon reques t.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 stgg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 stgg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 stgg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 stgg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 stgg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 stgg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

