<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_867374_0001193125-16-754208_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7466057</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>205195</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>441895</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1804199</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3152743</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1578734</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>62</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-754208.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031215614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-754208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000867374
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		IRS NUMBER:				943086355
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-18805
		FILM NUMBER:		161963096

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6750 DUMBARTON CIRCLE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94555
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6503573500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6750 DUMBARTON CIRCLE
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94555

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-754208.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 d234310d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549         
        FORM 10-Q
             
  (Mark One)       
 
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016        or        
 
   For the transition period from            
to                    Commission File Number: 000-18805
             
   ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING, INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)         

Delaware   
     
   94-3086355    
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of   
   incorporation or organization)    
     
     (I.R.S. Employer       Identification No.)     
     6750 Dumbarton Circle, Fremont, CA 94555    
   (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)        (650) 357-3500        (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)
             
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). (Check one):   

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No           The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of October 18, 2016 was 46,767,667.       

Table of Contents  

    Electronics For Imaging, Inc.    
     INDEX        

Table of Contents  

      PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1:   
   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements          Electronics For Imaging, Inc.          Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets        (unaudited)    
   
     See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.    
         3   

Table of Contents  

    Electronics For Imaging, Inc.    
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations    
   (unaudited)        

(1)  
  Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:          

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.    
         4   

Table of Contents  

    Electronics For Imaging, Inc.    
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income    
   (unaudited)        
     See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.    
         5   

Table of Contents  

    Electronics For Imaging, Inc.    
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
   (unaudited)        
     See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.    
         6   

Table of Contents  

    Electronics For Imaging, Inc.    
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
   1. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies        Basis of Presentation       The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
statements ( condensed consolidated financial statements ) include the accounts of Electronics For Imaging, Inc. and its subsidiaries ( EFI  or  Company ). All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.      These condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States ( U.S. GAAP  or  GAAP ) for interim financial information, rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial statements, and accounting
policies consistent in all material respects with those applied in preparing our audited annual consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. These condensed consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes should be read in conjunction with our annual consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the opinion of management,
these condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments, management considers necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position, operating results, comprehensive income, and cash
flows for the interim periods presented. Our results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year.   
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
   Debt Issuance Costs.  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update
( ASU ) 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, which became effective in the first quarter of 2016. ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance
sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt, which is consistent with the presentation of debt discounts and premiums. Retrospective application is required, which resulted in the reclassification of $5.8 million of debt
issuance costs from other current assets and other assets to a direct reduction of our 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes, net, due 2019 ( Notes ) in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015.   
   Measurement Period Adjustments.  The FASB issued ASU 2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments, in September 2015,
which became effective in the first quarter of 2016. The acquirer of a business is required to retrospectively adjust provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill. These adjustments are required
when new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date and, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts initially recognized or would have resulted in the recognition of additional
assets or liabilities. Under previous guidance, the acquirer also must revise comparative prior period information, including depreciation, amortization, or other income effects as a result of changes made to provisional amounts. ASU 2015-16
eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. The impact on our financial statements will be determined in the future if measurement period adjustments are identified.   
   Inventory Valuation.  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which is effective in the first quarter
of 2017. ASU 2015-11 requires that inventory be valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We currently value inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value less a reasonable profit margin as allowed by current inventory valuation
guidance. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. We are evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-11 on our inventory
valuation and results of operations.       Stock-based Compensation.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Stock Compensation  
Improvements to Employee Share Based Payment Accounting, which is effective in the first quarter of 2017 with early adoption permitted. We elected to early adopt this standard in the second quarter of 2016, which required retroactive application of
this standard as of the first quarter in 2016 resulting in the following:       

Under the new guidance, all excess tax benefits and deficiencies are recognized as income tax expense. Excess tax benefits of less than $0.1 million
that were charged to additional paid-in capital in the first quarter of 2016 were reversed upon adoption. We recorded $2.2 million of deferred tax assets related to excess tax benefits for federal research and development income tax credits not
previously benefitted.      
         7   

Table of Contents  

The requirement to reclassify gross excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation from operating to financing activities in the statement of
cash flows is eliminated. The reclassification of $0.2 million in the first quarter of 2016 has been reversed upon adoption. We applied this guidance retrospectively to all prior periods to maintain the comparability of presentation between periods,
which resulted in a $0.3 million increase in cash flows provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and a corresponding decrease in cash flows provided by financing activities.      

We have elected to account for forfeitures when they occur instead of estimating the expected forfeiture rate. Adoption of this provision during the
second quarter resulted in a retroactive net income adjustment of $0.2 million, net of tax effect, in the first quarter of 2016 and a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings of $2.1 million, net of tax, as of January 1, 2016.

Statutory tax withholding will be permitted up to the maximum statutory tax rate in applicable jurisdictions. The retrospective impact of this
provision on prior period financial statements is not material.          Financial Instruments.  ASU 2016-13, Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, issued in June 2016, amends current guidance regarding other-than-temporary impairment of available-for-sale debt securities. The new guidance requires an estimate of expected credit loss when fair value is
below the amortized cost of the asset without regard for the length of time that the fair value has been below the amortized cost or the historical or implied volatility of the asset. In addition, credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities
will be limited to the difference between the security s amortized cost basis and its fair value. The use of an allowance to record estimated credit losses (and subsequent recoveries) will also be required under the new guidance.   
  ASU 2016-13 will be effective in the first quarter of 2020. We are evaluating its impact on the carrying value of our available-for-sale securities and
results of operations.       Revenue Recognition.  ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, issued in May 2014, and ASU 2016-10,
and subsequent amendments, enhances the comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets. The principles-based guidance provides a framework for addressing revenue recognition issues
comprehensively. The standard requires that revenue should be recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for goods or services, which are referred to as performance obligations.
     The guidance requires comprehensive annual and interim disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of recognized
revenue. Qualitative and quantitative disclosures will be required regarding:       

contracts with customers, including revenue and impairments recognized, disaggregation, and information about contract balances and performance
obligations,          

significant judgments and changes in judgments required to determine the transaction price, amounts allocated to performance obligations, and the
timing for recognizing revenue resulting from the satisfaction of performance obligations, and          

assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract.         The guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2018. We are evaluating its impact on our revenue and results of operations.       Principal vs Agent.  ASU 2016-08, Principal vs. Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross vs Net), issued in March 2016, streamlines and clarifies the criteria for identifying whether an entity
is satisfying a performance obligation as the principal or agent in the transaction. The entity that is responsible for fulfilling the contractual obligations related to the good or service is acting as the principal and recognizes the gross amount
of consideration. The entity that is responsible only for arranging delivery to the customer is acting as the agent and recognizes revenue in the amount of the fee or commission related to arranging for the delivery of the good or service.
     A number of indicators of the nature of the relationship that are considered under current guidance have been streamlined and clarified in
the new guidance by focusing more specifically on the performance obligations that must be fulfilled in the transaction, which entity carries the inventory risk in the transaction, and which entity controls the pricing of the good or service. Credit
risk will no longer be a criterion. This guidance will be effective in the first quarter of 2018. We are evaluating its impact on our revenue and results of operations.       Lease Arrangements.  Under current guidance, the classification of a lease by a lessee as either an operating lease or a capital lease determines whether an asset and liability is recognized on the
balance sheet. ASU 2016-02, issued in February 2016 and effective in the first quarter of 2019, requires that a lessee recognize an asset and liability on its balance sheet related to all leases with terms in excess of one year. For all leases, a
lessee will be required to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the present value of the lease payments, in the statement of financial position. The right-to-use asset represents the right to use the underlying
asset during the lease term.   
         8   

Table of Contents  

   The recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows by a lessee have not significantly
changed from previous guidance. There continues to be a differentiation between finance leases and operating leases. The criteria for determining whether a lease is a financing or operating lease are substantially the same as existing guidance
except that the  bright line  percentages have been removed.       

For finance leases, interest is recognized on the lease liability separately from depreciation of the right-of-use asset in the statement of
operations. Principal repayments are classified within financing activities and interest payments are classified as operating activities in the statement of cash flows.      

For operating leases, a lessee is required to recognize lease expense generally on a straight-line basis. All operating lease payments are classified
as operating activities in the statement of cash flows.         The current build-to-suit lease accounting guidance will be
rescinded by the new guidance, although simplified guidance will remain regarding lessee control during the construction period. Consequently, the accounting for build-to-suit leases will be the same as finance leases unless the lessee control
provisions are applicable.       Settlement of Convertible Debt.  ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash
Receipts and Cash Payments, issued in August 2016, requires that cash settlements of principal amounts of debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the debt must classify the
portion of the principal payment attributable to the accreted interest related to the debt discount as cash outflows from operating activities. This is consistent with the classification of the coupon interest payments.   
  ASU 2016-15 will be effective in the first quarter of 2018. Accordingly, $63.6 million debt discount attributable to the difference between the 0.75%
coupon interest rate on our Notes and the 4.98% (5.46% inclusive of debt issuance costs) effective interest rate will be classified as an operating cash outflow in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows upon cash settlement in 2019.
      Supplemental Cash Flow Information        
     2. Earnings Per Share       Net income per basic common share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Net income per diluted common share is computed using the weighted average
number of common and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares result from the assumed exercise of outstanding common stock options having a dilutive effect using the treasury stock method, non-vested
shares of restricted stock having a dilutive effect, non-vested restricted stock for which the performance criteria have been met, shares to be purchased under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) having a dilutive effect, the assumed
release of shares from escrow related to the acquisition of Corrugated Technologies, Inc. ( CTI ), the assumed conversion of our Notes having a dilutive effect using the treasury stock method when the stock price exceeds the conversion
price of the Notes, and the assumed exercise of our warrants having a dilutive effect using the treasury stock method when the stock price exceeds the warrant strike price. Any potential shares that are anti-dilutive as defined in Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 260, Earnings Per Share, are excluded from the effect of dilutive securities.   
         9   

Table of Contents  

   Performance-based and market-based restricted stock and stock options that would be issuable if the end of
the reporting period were the end of the vesting period, if the result would be dilutive, are assumed to be outstanding for purposes of determining net income per diluted common share as of the later of the beginning of the period or the grant date
in accordance with ASC 260-10-45-48. Accordingly, performance-based RSUs, which vested on various dates during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, based on achievement of specified performance criteria related to revenue and
non-GAAP operating income targets, and performance-based stock options, which vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 based on achievement of specified targets related to non-GAAP return on equity are included in the determination of
net income per diluted common share as of the beginning of each period.      Basic and diluted earnings per share during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are reconciled as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):       
    Potential shares of common stock that are not included in the determination of diluted net income per share because they
are anti-dilutive consist of ESPP purchase rights having an anti-dilutive effect of less than 0.1 million shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the assumed vesting of RSUs having an anti-dilutive effect of less
than 0.1 million shares for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and less than 0.1 million shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding does not include the effect of the potential common shares from conversion of our Notes and exercise of our Warrants. The effects of these
potentially outstanding shares were not included in the calculation of diluted net income per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive since the conversion price of the Notes and the strike price of the warrants exceeded the average
market price of our common stock. We have the option to pay cash, issue shares of common stock, or any combination thereof for the aggregate amount due upon conversion of the Notes. Our intent is to settle the principal amount of the Notes in cash
upon conversion. As a result, only amounts payable in excess of the principal amount of the Notes are considered in diluted net income per share under the treasury stock method. The Note Hedges are also not included in the calculation of diluted net
income per share because the effect of any exercise of the Note Hedges would be anti-dilutive. Please refer to Note 6   Convertible Senior Notes, Note Hedges, and Warrants of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.       3. Balance Sheet Details        Inventories       Inventories, net of allowances, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
are as follows (in thousands):       
 
         10   

Table of Contents  

    Deferred Cost of Revenue       Deferred cost of revenue related to unrecognized revenue on shipments to customers was $3.2 and $8.7 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and is included in other current
assets in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.       Product Warranty Reserves    
  The changes in product warranty reserves during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands):   
   
     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ( OCI )       OCI classified within stockholders  equity in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows (in thousands):   
   
    Amounts reclassified out of OCI were $0.1 million, net of tax, and less than $0.1 million, net of tax, during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and were less than $0.1 million, net of tax, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, and consisted of unrealized gains and losses from investments in debt securities that are reported
within interest income and other income (expense), net, in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.       4. Acquisitions
      We acquired Optitex Ltd. ( Optitex ) and Rialco Limited ( Rialco ) during 2016, which have been included in our
Productivity Software and Industrial Inkjet operating segments, respectively. Acquisition-related transaction costs were $0.4 and $1.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1.6 and $4.2 million during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.      These acquisitions were accounted for as purchase business combinations. We
allocated the purchase price to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the basis of their estimated fair value on their respective acquisition dates. Excess purchase consideration was recorded as
goodwill. Factors contributing to a purchase price that results in goodwill include, but are not limited to, the retention of research and development personnel with skills to develop future technology, support personnel to provide maintenance
services related to the products, a trained sales force capable of selling current and future products, the opportunity to cross-sell products of the acquired businesses to existing customers, the positive reputation of Optitex and Rialco in the
market, and the opportunity to expand our presence in the digital inkjet textile printing market through the synergy of Optitex technology with the Reggiani Macchine SpA ( Reggiani ) digital inkjet textile printer business. Rialco s
technical and commercial capabilities benefit the Industrial Inkjet operating segment in the sourcing, specification, and purification of high quality dyes and expand our research, development, and innovation base to develop ink for the signage,
ceramic, and packaging markets.      We engaged a third party valuation firm to aid management in its analyses of the fair value of these acquired
businesses. All estimates, key assumptions, and forecasts were either provided by or reviewed by us. While we chose to utilize a third party valuation firm, the fair value analyses and related valuations represent the conclusions of management and
not the conclusions or statements of any third party.      The purchase price allocations are preliminary and subject to change within the
respective measurement periods as the valuations are finalized. We expect to continue to obtain information to assist us in finalizing the fair value of the net assets acquired during the respective measurement periods, which end at various dates in
2017. Measurement period adjustments will be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined, if any.   
         11   

Table of Contents  

    Productivity Software Segment       Optitex, a privately-held Israeli company headquartered in Rosh Ha Ayin, Israel, was acquired on June 16, 2016. Optitex has been included in the Productivity Software operating segment.   
  We purchased Optitex for cash consideration of $11.6 million, net of cash acquired, plus an additional potential future cash earnout, which is contingent
on achieving certain revenue and operating profit performance targets over three consecutive 12-month periods. Optitex has developed and markets integrated two-dimensional ( 2D ) and three-dimensional ( 3D ) design software that
is shortening the design cycle, reducing our customers  costs, and accelerating the adoption of fast fashion.      The fair value of the
earnout related to the Optitex acquisition is currently estimated to be $24.0 million by applying the income approach in accordance with ASC 805-30-25-5, Business Combinations, adjusted for the impact of post-acquisition foreign currency translation
changes. Key assumptions include a risk-free discount rate of 2.3% and probability-adjusted revenue and operating profit levels. Probability-adjusted revenue and operating profit are significant inputs that are not observable in the market, which
are referred to as Level 3 inputs in ASC 820-10-35, Fair Value Measurement. This contingent liability is reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016, as a noncurrent liability with the first payment due in the
fourth quarter of 2017, if earned. In accordance with ASC 805-30-35-1, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration subsequent to the acquisition date are recognized in general and administrative expenses   
   Industrial Inkjet Operating Segment    
  Rialco, a private limited liability company incorporated in England and Wales and headquartered in Bradford, U.K., was acquired on March 1, 2016. Rialco
has been included in the Industrial Inkjet operating segment.      We purchased Rialco for cash consideration of $8.4 million, net of cash
acquired, plus an additional potential future cash earnout, which is contingent on achieving certain revenue and gross profit performance targets over three consecutive 12-month periods. Rialco is a leading European supplier of dye powders and color
products for the textile, digital print, and other decorating industries. Rialco s pure disperse dyes are particularly important in the manufacture of high-quality dye sublimation inkjet inks for textile applications, which is a key growth area
in the global migration from analog to digital print.      The fair value of the earnout related to the Rialco acquisition is currently estimated
to be $2.0 million by applying the income approach in accordance with ASC 805-30-25-5, adjusted for the impact of post-acquisition foreign currency translation changes. Key assumptions include a risk-free discount rate of 0.8% and
probability-adjusted revenue and gross profit levels. Probability-adjusted revenue and gross profit are significant inputs that are not observable in the market, which ASC 820-10-35, refers to as Level 3 inputs. This contingent liability is
reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016, as a current and noncurrent liability of $0.8 and $1.2 million, respectively, with the first payment due in the third quarter of 2017, if earned. In accordance with ASC
805-30-35-1, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration subsequent to the acquisition date are recognized in general and administrative expenses.       Valuation Methodologies       Intangible assets acquired consist of customer relationships,
customer backlog, trade names, existing technology, and in-process research   development ( IPR D ).       Customer
Relationships and Backlog  were valued using the excess earnings method, which is an income approach. The value of customer relationships lies in the generation of a consistent and predictable revenue source without incurring the costs normally
required to develop the relationships. Customer relationships were valued by estimating the revenue attributable to existing customer relationships and probability-weighted in each forecast year to reflect the uncertainty of maintaining existing
relationships based on historical attrition rates using discount rates of 25% and 30% for Optitex and Rialco, respectively.      Customer backlog
represents unfulfilled customer purchase orders at the acquisition date that will provide a relatively secure revenue stream, subject only to potential customer cancellation and discount rates of 23% and 19% for Optitex and Rialco, respectively.
These backlogs are expected to be fulfilled within one year.       Trade Names  were valued using the relief from royalty method with royalty
rates based on various factors including an analysis of market data, comparable trade name agreements, historical advertising dollars spent supporting the trade name, and discount rates of 25% and 30% for Optitex and Rialco, respectively.
      Existing Technology  for Optitex was valued using the relief from royalty method based on royalty rates for similar technologies. The
value of existing Optitex technology is derived from consistent and predictable revenue, including the opportunity to cross-sell to existing customers, and the avoidance of the costs associated with developing the technology. Revenue related to
existing technology was adjusted in each forecast year to reflect the evolution of the technology and the cost of sustaining research and development required to maintain the technology using a 25% discount rate.   
         12   

Table of Contents  

   Rialco existing technology was valued using the cost approach. The value of existing technology is estimated
based on the historical time and cost to develop the technology, the estimated man-years required to recreate the technology, historical employee compensation and benefits, and a reasonable mark-up based on profit for companies with similar
operations.      The preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands) with respect to
these acquisitions at their respective acquisition dates is summarized as follows:       
    Pro forma results of operations for Optitex and Rialco have not been presented because their pre-acquisition revenue and
net income are not material to our Condensed Consolidated Results of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets
acquired, that was generated by our acquisition of Rialco is not deductible for tax purposes. Goodwill that was generated by our acquisition of Optitex is deductible for U.S. tax purposes, but is not deductible for tax purposes in Israel.
     Rialco generates revenue and incurs operating expenses primarily in British pounds sterling. Upon consideration of the salient economic
indicators discussed in ASC 830-10-55-5, Foreign Currency Matters, we consider the British pounds sterling to be the functional currency for Rialco.      Optitex generates revenue and incurs operating expenses primarily in local currencies. Upon consideration of the salient economic indicators, we consider the local currency in each of Optitex s
primary locations (shekel, rupee, Euro, and U.S. dollar) to be the functional currencies for Optitex.       5. Investments and Fair Value
Measurements       We invest our excess cash on deposit with major banks in money market, U.S. Treasury and government-sponsored entity,
corporate, asset-backed, and mortgage-backed residential debt securities. By policy, we invest primarily in high-grade marketable securities. We are exposed to credit risk in the event of default by the financial institutions or issuers of these
investments to the extent of amounts recorded in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.      We consider all highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Typically, the cost of these investments has approximated fair value. Marketable investments with a maturity greater than three months are classified as
available-for-sale short-term investments. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported as a separate component of OCI, adjusted for deferred income taxes. The credit portion of any
other-than-temporary impairment is included in net income. Realized gains and losses on sales of financial instruments are recognized upon sale of the investments using the specific identification method.   
         13   

Table of Contents  

   Our available-for-sale short-term investments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows
(in thousands):      
    The fair value and duration that investments, including cash equivalents, have been in a gross unrealized loss position
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows (in thousands):       
    For fixed income securities that have unrealized losses as of September 30, 2016, we have determined that we do not have
the intent to sell any of these investments and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell any of these investments before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis. We have evaluated these fixed income securities and
determined that no credit losses exist. Accordingly, management has determined that the unrealized losses on our fixed income securities as of September 30, 2016 were temporary in nature.      Amortized cost and estimated fair value of investments as of September 30, 2016 are summarized by maturity date as follows (in thousands):   
   
    Net realized gains of $0.1 and $0.3 million from sales of investments were recognized in interest income and other income
(expense), net, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Net realized gains of less than $0.1 million from sales of investments were recognized in interest income and other income (expense), net, during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015. Net unrealized gains of $0.7 million and net unrealized losses of $0.6 million, respectively, were included in OCI in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively.   
         14   

Table of Contents  

    Fair Value Measurements       ASC 820 identifies fair value as the exchange price, or exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, ASC 820 establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy as follows:      Level 1: Inputs that are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date;   
  Level 2: Inputs that are other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset
or liability through correlation with market data at the measurement date for the duration of the instrument s anticipated life or by comparison to similar instruments; and   
  Level 3: Inputs that are unobservable or reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability at the measurement date. These include management s own judgments about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.   
  We utilize the market approach to measure the fair value of our fixed income securities. The market approach is a valuation technique that uses the
prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The fair value of our fixed income securities is obtained using readily-available market prices from a variety of
industry standard data providers, large financial institutions, and other third-party sources for the identical underlying securities. The fair value of our investments in certain money market funds is expected to maintain a Net Asset Value of $1
per share and, as such, is priced at the expected market price.      We obtain the fair value of our Level 2 financial instruments from several
third party asset managers, custodian banks, and the accounting service providers. Independently, these service providers use professional pricing services to gather pricing data, which may include quoted market prices for identical or comparable
instruments or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. As part of this process, we engaged a pricing service to assist management in its pricing analysis and assessment of other-than-temporary impairment.
All estimates, key assumptions, and forecasts were either provided by or reviewed by us. While we chose to utilize a third party pricing service, the impairment analysis and related valuations represent conclusions of management and not conclusions
or statements of any third party.      Our investments and liabilities measured at fair value have been presented in accordance with the fair
value hierarchy specified in ASC 820 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 in order of liquidity as follows (in thousands):       
 
         15   

Table of Contents  

   Money market funds consist of $15.7 and $13.2 million, which have been classified as cash equivalents as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Corporate debt securities include $0.2 and $0.7 million, which have been classified as cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.   
  Investments are generally classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy because they are valued using quoted market prices or
alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. Investments in U.S. Treasury obligations and overnight money market mutual funds have been classified as Level 1 because these securities are valued based on quoted prices in
active markets or are actively traded at $1.00 Net Asset Value. There have been no transfers between Level 1 and 2 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      Government agency investments and corporate debt instruments, including investments in asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities, have generally been classified as Level 2 because markets for these
securities are less active or valuations for such securities utilize significant inputs, which are directly or indirectly observable. We hold asset-backed securities with income payments derived from and collateralized by a specified pool of
underlying assets. Asset-backed securities in the portfolio are predominantly collateralized by credit cards and auto loans. We also hold two asset-backed securities collateralized by mortgage loans, which have been fully reserved.   
   Liabilities for Contingent Consideration    
  Acquisition-related liabilities for contingent consideration (i.e., earnouts) are related to the purchase business combinations of Optitex and Rialco in
2016; Shuttleworth Business Systems Limited and CDM Solutions Limited (collectively,  Shuttleworth ), CTI, and Reggiani in 2015; DiMS! organizing print BV ( DIMS ), DirectSmile GmbH ( DirectSmile ), and SmartLinc, Inc.
( SmartLinc ) in 2014; Outback Software Pty. Ltd. doing business as Metrix Software ( Metrix ), GamSys Software SPRL ( GamSys ), and PrintLeader Software ( PrintLeader ) in 2013; and Technique, Inc. and
Technique Business Systems Limited (collectively,  Technique ) in 2012.      The fair value of these earnouts is estimated to be $85.4
and $54.8 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, by applying the income approach in accordance with ASC 805-30-25-5. Key assumptions include risk-free discount rates between 0.6% and 4.98% (Monte Carlo valuation
method) and discount rates between 4.2% and 6.0% (probability-adjusted method), as well as probability-adjusted revenue, gross profit, operating profit, and earnings before interest and taxes ( EBIT ) levels. Probability-adjusted revenue,
gross profit, operating profit, and EBIT are significant inputs that are not observable in the market, which ASC 820-10-35 refers to as Level 3 inputs. These contingent liabilities have been reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as
of September 30, 2016 as current and noncurrent liabilities of $30.3 and $55.1 million, respectively.      The fair value of contingent
consideration increased by $6.3 million, including $1.9 million of earnout interest accretion related to all acquisitions, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Optitex, Reggiani, DirectSmile, and CTI earnout performance probabilities
increased while the DIMS earnout performance probability decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The fair value of contingent consideration decreased by $2.1 million, which is net of $1.4 million of earnout interest accretion
related to all acquisitions, during the year ended December 31, 2015. The DIMS, DirectSmile, GamSys, and Metrix earnout performance probabilities decreased in 2015. In accordance with ASC 805-30-35-1, changes in the fair value of contingent
consideration subsequent to the acquisition date have been recognized in general and administrative expense.      Earnout payments during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 of $1.2, $0.4, and $0.2 million are primarily related to the previously accrued DirectSmile, SmartLinc, and Metrix contingent consideration liabilities, respectively. Earnout payments during the year ended December
31, 2015 of $2.0, $1.1, $0.6, and $0.3 million are primarily related to the previously accrued Technique, GamSys, Metrix, and SmartLinc contingent consideration liabilities, respectively.      Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration are summarized as follows (in thousands):       
 
         16   

Table of Contents  

   Since the primary inputs to the fair value measurement of contingent consideration liability are the
discount rate and probability-adjusted revenue, we reviewed the sensitivity of the fair value measurement to changes in these inputs. We assessed the probability of achieving the revenue performance targets for contingent consideration associated
with each acquisition at percentage levels between 60% and 100% as of each respective acquisition date based on an assessment of the historical performance of each acquired entity, our current expectations of future performance, and other relevant
factors. A change in probability-adjusted revenue of five percentage points from the level assumed in the current valuations would result in an increase in the fair value of contingent consideration of $2.7 million or a decrease of $6.2 million
resulting in a corresponding adjustment to general and administrative expense. A change in the discount rate of one percentage point results in an increase in the fair value of contingent consideration of $0.3 million or a decrease of $1.9 million.
The potential undiscounted amount of future contingent consideration cash payments that we could be required to make related to our business acquisitions, beyond amounts currently accrued, is $23.3 million as of September 30, 2016.   
   Fair Value of Derivative Instruments       We
utilize the income approach to measure the fair value of our derivative assets and liabilities. The income approach uses pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as yield curves, currency exchange rates, and forward prices, and are
therefore classified as Level 2 measurements. The notional amount of our derivative assets and liabilities was $156.8 and $118.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The fair value of our derivative assets and
liabilities that were designated for cash flow hedge accounting treatment having notional amounts of $3.2 and $3.2 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, was not material.   
   Fair Value of Convertible Senior Notes    
  In September 2014, we issued $345 million aggregate principal amount of our Notes. The Notes are carried at their original issuance value, net of
unamortized debt discount, and are not marked to market each period. The approximate fair value of the Notes as of September 30, 2016 was approximately $383 million and was considered a Level 2 fair value measurement. Fair value was estimated based
upon actual quotations obtained at the end of the reporting period or the most recent date available. A substantial portion of the market value of our Notes in excess of the outstanding principal amount relates to the conversion premium.   
   6. Convertible Senior Notes ( Notes ), Note Hedges, and Warrants        0.75% Convertible Senior Notes Due 2019       In September 2014, we completed a private
placement of $345 million principal amount of 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 ( Notes ). The Notes were sold to the initial purchasers for resale to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended. The net proceeds from this offering were approximately $336.3 million, after deducting the initial purchasers  commissions and the offering expenses paid by us. We used approximately $29.4 million of the net proceeds to
purchase the Note Hedges described below, net of the proceeds from the Warrant transactions also described below.      The Notes are senior
unsecured obligations of EFI with interest payable semiannually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, commencing March 1, 2015. The Notes are not callable and will mature on September 1, 2019, unless previously purchased or
converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. Holders of the Notes who convert in connection with a  fundamental change,  as defined in the indenture governing the Notes ( Indenture ), may require us to purchase
for cash all or any portion of their Notes at a purchase price equal to 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any.      The initial conversion rate is 18.9667 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $52.72 per share of common stock.
Upon conversion of the Notes, holders will receive cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof, at our election. Our intent is to settle the principal amount of the Notes in cash upon conversion. If the conversion value exceeds the
principal amount, we would deliver shares of our common stock for our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount. As of September 30, 2016, none of the conditions listed below allowing holders of the Notes to convert had been
met.      Throughout the term of the Notes, the conversion rate may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the Notes will
not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest upon conversion of a Note. Holders may convert their Notes only under the following circumstances:       

if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading
days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day;      
         17   

Table of Contents  

during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period ( Notes Measurement Period ) in which the  trading
price  (as the term is defined in the Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of such Notes Measurement Period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported stock price on such trading day and the conversion
rate on each such trading day;          

upon the occurrence of specified corporate events; or      

at any time on or after March 1, 2019 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date.
        We separated the Notes into liability and equity components. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated
by measuring the estimated fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated convertible feature. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the
liability component from the face value of the Notes as a whole. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount ( debt discount ) is amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes using the
effective interest method with an effective interest rate of 4.98% per annum (5.46% inclusive of debt issuance costs). The equity component is not remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification.   
  We allocated the total transaction costs incurred by the Note issuance to the liability and equity components based on their relative values. Issuance
costs of $7.0 million attributable to the $281.4 million liability component are being amortized to expense over the term of the Notes, and issuance costs of $1.6 million attributable to the $63.6 million equity component were offset against the
equity component in stockholders  equity. Additionally, we recorded a deferred tax liability of $23.7 million on the debt discount, which is not deductible for tax purposes.      The Notes consist of the following as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands):       
    Upon adoption of ASU 2015-03, $5.8 million of debt issuance costs have been reclassified from other current assets and
other assets to a direct reduction of convertible senior notes, net, in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015.   
  Interest expense recognized related to the Notes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in thousands):
      
     Note Hedges       We paid an aggregate of $63.9 million in convertible note hedge transactions with respect to our common stock ( Note Hedges ) in September 2014. The Note Hedges will expire upon maturity of the
Notes. The Note Hedges are intended to offset the potential dilution upon conversion and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount upon conversion of the Notes in the event that the market value per share
of our common stock, as measured under the terms of the Note Hedges, is greater than the strike price of the Note Hedges. The strike price of the Note Hedges initially correspond to the conversion price of the Notes and is subject to anti-dilution
adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion price of the Notes. The Note Hedges are separate transactions and are not part of the Notes. Holders of the Notes will not have any rights with respect to the Note Hedges.
  
         18   

Table of Contents  

    Warrants       Concurrently with entering into the Note Hedges, we separately entered into warrant transactions ( Warrants ), whereby we sold warrants to acquire shares of our common stock at a strike price of
$68.86 per share. We received aggregate proceeds of $34.5 million from the sale of the Warrants. If the average market value per share of our common stock for the reporting period, as measured under the Warrants, exceeds the strike price of the
Warrants, the Warrants will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share. The Warrants are separate transactions and are not part of the Notes or the Note Hedges and are accounted for as a component of additional paid-in capital. Holders of the
Notes and Note Hedges will not have any rights with respect to the Warrants.       7. Income taxes    
  We recognized tax benefits of $11.8 and $9.0 million on pretax net income of $5.8 and $15.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively. We recognized a tax benefit of $2.8 million and a tax provision of $0.1 million on pretax net income of $7.5 and $23.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The provisions for income
taxes before discrete items reflected in the table below were $3.3 and $6.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $3.5 and $7.6 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively. The decrease in the provision for income taxes before discrete items for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same periods in the prior year, is primarily due to the decrease in profitability before
income taxes.      Primary differences between our provision for income taxes before discrete items and the income tax provision at the U.S.
statutory rate of 35% include lower taxes on permanently reinvested foreign earnings and the tax effects of stock-based compensation expense pursuant to ASC 718-740, Stock Compensation   Income Taxes, which are non-deductible for tax purposes.
     Our tax provision before discrete items is reconciled to our recorded provision for income taxes during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 as follows (in millions):       
    As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, gross unrecognized benefits that would affect the effective tax rate if
recognized were $35.8 and $43.5 million, respectively. Over the next twelve months, our existing tax positions will continue to generate increased liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. It is reasonably possible that our gross unrecognized tax
benefits will decrease up to $4.8 million in the next twelve months primarily due to the lapse of the statute of limitations for federal and state tax purposes. These adjustments, if recognized, would positively impact our effective tax rate, and
would be recognized as additional tax benefits in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.      In accordance with ASU 2013-11,
Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, Similar Tax Loss, or Tax Credit Carryforward Exists, we recorded $23.5 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits as an offset to deferred tax assets as of September
30, 2016, and the remaining $12.3 million has been recorded as noncurrent income taxes payable.      We recognize potential accrued interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have accrued $0.8 and $0.5 million, respectively, for potential payments of interest and penalties.   
  In accordance with ASU 2016-09, which was adopted in the second quarter of 2016, we recorded $2.2 million of deferred tax assets related to excess tax
benefits for federal research and development income tax credits not previously benefitted and $0.6 million of deferred tax assets for the tax benefit on the cumulative effect adjustment associated with the change in accounting for RSU forfeitures.
  
         19   

Table of Contents  

   We are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) for the 2013-2015 tax years,
state tax jurisdictions for the 2011-2015 tax years, the Netherlands tax authority for the 2014-2015 tax years, the Spanish tax authority for the 2012-2015 tax years, and the Italian tax authority for the 2012-2015 tax years.   
   8. Commitments and Contingencies    
   Contingent Consideration       We are required
to make payments to the former stockholders of acquired companies based on the achievement of specified performance targets as more fully explained in Note 5   Investments and Fair Value Measurements.   
   Lease Commitments and Contractual Obligations       As of September 30, 2016, we have leased certain of our current facilities under noncancellable operating lease agreements. We are required to pay property taxes, insurance, and nominal maintenance costs
for certain of these facilities and any increases over the base year of these expenses on the remainder of our facilities.       Assets Held for
Sale       Management has approved a plan to sell approximately 5.6 acres of land and the office building located at 1340 Corporate Center
Curve, Eagan, Minnesota, consisting of 43,682 square feet. We intend to enter into a lease agreement with the purchaser of the facility whereby we will lease 22,000 square feet under a ten-year lease agreement at market rental rates. The gain on the
sale of the facility and land will be deferred over the lease term.      Assets held for sale of $3.8 million have been reclassified to Other
Current Assets as of September 30, 2016 consisting of $2.9 million net book value of the facility and $0.9 million of related land. Management expects the sale and related lease-back to be completed in the next nine months.   
   Off-Balance Sheet Financing - Synthetic Lease Arrangements       On August 26, 2016, we entered into a 48.5 year lease agreement, inclusive of two renewal options, with the City of Manchester to lease 16.9 acres adjacent to the Manchester Regional Airport. This lease
agreement is subject to a sublease agreement with Bank of Tokyo   Mitsubishi UFJ Leasing   Finance LLC ( BTMU ) during the term of the synthetic lease related to the manufacturing facility that is being constructed on the site.
Minimum lease payments are $13.1 million during the 48.5 year term, excluding the portion financed into the synthetic lease related to the manufacturing facility. We are treated as the owner of the construction project for federal income tax
purposes.      On August 26, 2016, we entered into a six-year synthetic lease with BTMU whereby a 225,000 square foot manufacturing and warehouse
facility is under construction related to our super-wide format industrial digital inkjet printer business in the Industrial Inkjet operating segment at a projected cost of $40 million and a construction period of 18 months. Minimum lease payments
during the initial term are $1.8 million. Upon completion of the initial term, we have the option to renew the lease, purchase the facility, or return the facility to BTMU subject to an 89% residual value guarantee under which we would recognize
additional rent expense in the form of a variable rent payment. We have assessed our exposure in relation to the residual value guarantee and believe that there is no deficiency to the guaranteed value with respect to funds expended by BTMU as of
September 30, 2016.      The funds pledged under the lease represent 115% of the total expenditures made by BTMU through September 30, 2016. The
funds are invested in $3.1 and $0.7 million of U.S. government securities and cash equivalents, respectively, with a third party trustee and will be restricted during the construction period. Upon completion of construction, the funds will be
released as cash and cash equivalents. The portion of released funds that represents 100% of the total expenditures made by BTMU will be deposited with BTMU and restricted as collateral until the end of the underlying synthetic lease period.
     The funds pledged as collateral are invested in U.S. government securities and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016, and are classified
as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy as more fully defined in Note 5 Investments and Fair Value Measurements. Net unrealized gains of less than $0.1 million were included in OCI in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of
September 30, 2016.      We have applied the accounting and disclosure requirements set forth in ASC 810-10, Consolidation, for variable interest
entities ( VIEs ). We have evaluated the synthetic lease agreement to determine if the arrangement qualifies as a VIE under ASC 810-10. We have determined that the synthetic lease agreement does not qualify as a VIE, and as such, we are
not required to consolidate the VIE in our condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         20   

Table of Contents  

    Legal Proceedings       We may be involved, from time to time, in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations, or proceedings relating to contractual disputes, securities laws, intellectual property rights, employment, or
other matters that may arise in the normal course of business. We assess our potential liability in each of these matters by using the information available to us. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with inside and outside
counsel, which involves a subjective analysis of potential results and various combinations of appropriate litigation and settlement strategies. We accrue estimated losses from contingencies if a loss is deemed probable and can be reasonably
estimated.      As of September 30, 2016, we are subject to the matter discussed below.        Matan Digital Printing ( MDG ) Matter        EFI acquired Matan Digital Printers
( Matan ) in 2015 from sellers (the  2015 Sellers ) that acquired Matan Digital Printing Ltd. from other sellers in 2001 (the  2001 Sellers ). The 2001 Sellers have asserted a claim against the 2015 Sellers and Matan
asserting that they are entitled to a portion of the 2015 Sellers  proceeds from EFI s acquisition. The 2015 Sellers dispute this claim and have agreed to indemnify EFI against the 2001 Sellers  claim.   
  Although we are fully indemnified and we do not believe that it is probable that we will incur a loss, it is reasonably possible that our financial
statements could be materially affected by the unfavorable resolution of this matter. Accordingly, it is reasonably possible that we could incur a material loss in this matter. We estimate the range of loss to be between one dollar and $9.6 million.
If we incur a loss in this matter, it will be offset by a receivable of an equal amount representing a claim for indemnification against the escrow account established in connection with the Matan acquisition.   
   Other Matters       As of September 30, 2016,
we were subject to various other claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings in addition to the matter discussed above. There is at least a reasonable possibility that additional losses may be incurred in excess of the amounts that we have
accrued. However, we believe that these claims are not material to our financial statements or the range of reasonably possible losses is not reasonably estimable. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and while we believe that we have valid
defenses with respect to legal matters pending against us, our financial statements could be materially affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these contingencies or because of the diversion of
management s attention and the incurrence of significant expenses.       9. Segment Information and Geographic Data    
  Operating segment information is required to be presented based on the internal reporting used by the chief operating decision making group
( CODM ) to allocate resources and evaluate operating segment performance. Our CODM is comprised of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The CODM group is focused on assessment and resource allocation among the
Industrial Inkjet, Productivity Software, and Fiery operating segments.      Our operating segments are integrated through their reporting and
operating structures, shared technology and practices, shared sales and marketing, and combined production facilities. Our enterprise management processes use financial information that is closely aligned with our three operating segments at the
gross profit level. Relevant discrete financial information is prepared at the gross profit level for each of our three operating segments, which is used by the CODM to allocate resources and assess the performance of each operating segment.
     We classify our revenue, operating segment profit (i.e., gross profit), assets, and liabilities in accordance with our operating segments as
follows:        Industrial Inkjet,   which consists of our VUTEk and Matan super-wide and wide format, Reggiani textile, Jetrion label
and packaging, and Cretaprint ceramic tile decoration industrial digital inkjet printers; digital ultra-violet ( UV ), light-emitting diode ( LED ), ceramic, and thermoforming ink, as well as a variety of textile ink including
dye sublimation, pigmented, reactive dye, acid dye, pure disperse dye, and water-based dispersed printing ink; digital inkjet printer parts; and professional services. Printing surfaces include paper, vinyl, corrugated, textile, glass, plastic,
aluminum composite, ceramic tile, wood, and many other flexible and rigid substrates.   
         21   

Table of Contents  

     Productivity Software,   which consists of a complete software suite that enables efficient and
automated end-to-end business and production workflows for the print and packaging industry. This  Productivity Suite  also provides tools to enable revenue growth, efficient scheduling, and optimization of processes, equipment, and personnel.
Customers are provided the financial and technical flexibility to deploy locally within their business or to be hosted in the cloud. The Productivity Suite addresses all segments of the print industry and consists of the: (i)  Packaging Suite, 
with Radius at its core, for tag   label, cartons, and flexible packaging businesses; (ii)  Corrugated Packaging Suite,  with CTI at its core, for corrugated packaging businesses; (iii)  Enterprise Commercial Print Suite,  with Monarch
at its core, for enterprise print businesses; (iv)  Publication Print Suite,  with Monarch or Technique at its core, for publication print businesses; (v)  Mid-market Print Suite,  with Pace at its core, for medium size print businesses;
(vi)  Quick Print Suite,  with PrintSmith at its core, for small printers and in-plant sites; and (vii)  Value Added Products,  available with the suite and standalone, such as web-to-print, e-commerce, cross media marketing, warehousing,
fulfillment, shop floor data collection, and shipping to reduce costs, increase profits, and offer new products and services to their existing and future customers. We also market Optitex fashion design software, which facilitates fast fashion in
the textile industry.        Fiery,   which consists of digital front ends ( DFEs ) that transform digital copiers and
printers into high performance networked printing devices for the office, industrial, and commercial printing markets. This operating segment is comprised of (i) stand-alone DFEs connected to digital printers, copiers, and other peripheral devices,
(ii) embedded DFEs and design-licensed solutions used in digital copiers and multi-functional devices, (iii) optional software integrated into our DFE solutions such as Fiery Central and Command WorkStation, (iv) Fiery Self Serve, our self-service
and payment solution, (v) PrintMe, our mobile printing application, and (vi) stand-alone software-based solutions such as our proofing and scanning solutions.      Our CODM evaluates the performance of our operating segments based on net sales and gross profit. Gross profit for each operating segment includes revenue from sales to third parties and related cost of
revenue attributable to the operating segment. Cost of revenue for each operating segment excludes certain expenses managed outside the operating segments consisting primarily of stock-based compensation expense. Operating income is not reported by
operating segment because operating expenses include significant shared expenses and other costs that are managed outside of the operating segments. Such operating expenses include various corporate expenses such as stock-based compensation,
corporate sales and marketing, research and development, amortization of identified intangibles, various non-recurring charges, and other separately managed general and administrative expenses.   
  Operating segment profit (i.e., gross profit), excluding stock-based compensation expense, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 is summarized as follows (in thousands):       
    Operating segment profit (i.e., gross profit) is reconciled to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as follows (in thousands):       
 
         22   

Table of Contents  

   Tangible and intangible assets, net of liabilities, are summarized by operating segment as follows (in
thousands):       
    Corporate and unallocated assets consist of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted investments,
corporate headquarters facility, convertible notes, imputed financing obligation, taxes receivable, and taxes payable.       Geographic Regions
      Our revenue originates in the U.S., China, the Netherlands, Germany, Italy, France, the U.K., Spain, Israel, Brazil, Australia, and New
Zealand. We report revenue by geographic region based on ship-to destination. Shipments to some of our significant printer manufacturer/distributor customers are made to centralized purchasing and manufacturing locations, which in turn sell through
to other locations. As a result of these factors, we believe that sales to certain geographic locations might be higher or lower, as the ultimate destinations are difficult to ascertain.      Our revenue by ship-to destination during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in thousands):   
   
     10. Derivatives and Hedging       We are exposed to market risk and foreign currency exchange risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which could affect operating results, financial position, and cash flows. We manage our
exposure to these risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. These derivative financial instruments are used to hedge monetary assets and liabilities,
intercompany balances, trade receivables, anticipated cash flows, and to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from shifts in market rates. Our objective is to offset gains and losses resulting from these exposures with losses and gains
on the derivative contracts used to hedge them, thereby reducing volatility of earnings or protecting fair values of assets and liabilities. We do not have any leveraged derivatives, nor do we use derivative contracts for speculative purposes. ASC
815, Derivatives and Hedging, requires the fair value of all derivative instruments, including those embedded in other contracts, to be recorded as assets or liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The related cash flow impacts of
our derivative contracts are reflected as cash flows from operating activities.      Our exposures are primarily related to non-U.S.
dollar-denominated revenue in Europe, the U.K., Latin America, China, Israel, Australia, New Zealand, and Canada, and to non-U.S. dollar-denominated operating expenses in Europe, India, Japan, the U.K., China, Israel, Brazil, and Australia. We hedge
our operating expense cash flow exposure in Indian rupees. We hedge balance sheet remeasurement exposure associated with Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Israeli shekel, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, and Euro-denominated
intercompany balances; Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Israeli shekel, and Euro-denominated trade receivables, and British pound sterling, Indian rupee, and Euro-denominated net monetary assets.   
     
         23   

Table of Contents  

   By their nature, derivative instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of market and credit risk. The
market risk associated with these instruments resulting from currency exchange movement is expected to offset the market risk of the underlying transactions, assets, and liabilities being hedged (i.e., operating expense exposure in Indian rupees;
the collection of trade receivables denominated in currencies other than their functional currency and the settlement of intercompany balances denominated in currencies other than their functional currency). We do not believe there is significant
risk of loss from non-performance by the counterparty associated with these instruments because, by policy, we deal with counterparties having a minimum investment grade or better credit rating. Credit risk is managed through the continuous
monitoring of exposures to such counterparties.       Cash Flow Hedges       Foreign currency derivative contracts with notional amounts of $3.2 million have been designated as cash flow hedges of our Indian rupee operating expense exposure at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. The fair value of the net assets (liabilities) related to these cash flow hedges are not material. The changes in fair value of these contracts are reported as a component of OCI and reclassified to operating expense in the periods of payment
of the hedged operating expenses. The amount of ineffectiveness that was recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for these designated cash flow hedges was immaterial. All components of each derivative s gain or loss were
included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness.       Balance Sheet Hedges       Forward contracts not designated for hedge accounting treatment with notional amounts of $153.6 and $115.4 million are used to hedge foreign currency balance sheet exposures at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. They are not designated for hedge accounting treatment since there is a natural offset for the remeasurement of the underlying foreign currency denominated asset or liability. We recognize changes in the fair value
of non-designated derivative instruments in earnings in the period of change. Gains and losses on foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge balance sheet exposures are recognized in interest income and other income (expense), net, in the same
period as the remeasurement gain or loss of the related foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Forward contracts not designated for hedge accounting treatment consist of hedges of Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Israeli shekel,
Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, and Euro-denominated intercompany balances with notional amounts of $84.6 and $63.7 million; hedges of Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Israeli shekel, and Euro-denominated
trade receivables with notional amounts of $56.1 and $49.1 million; and hedges of British pounds sterling, Indian rupee, and Euro-denominated other net monetary assets with notional amounts of $12.9 and $2.6 million at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively.       11. Restructuring and Other       During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cost reduction actions were taken to lower our operating expense run rate as we analyze and re-align our cost structure following our
business acquisitions. These charges primarily relate to cost reduction actions undertaken to integrate recently acquired businesses, consolidate facilities, and lower our operating expense run rate. Restructuring and other consists primarily of
restructuring, severance, retention, facility downsizing and relocation, and acquisition integration expenses. Our restructuring and other plans are accounted for in accordance with ASC 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations, ASC 712, Compensation
  Non-Retirement Postemployment Benefits, and ASC 820.      Restructuring and other costs were $1.3 and $5.7 million during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.6 and $2.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Restructuring and other costs include severance charges of $0.6 and $3.7 million related to
reductions in head count of 16 and 114 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.5 and $1.8 million related to reduction in head count of 17 and 65 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively. Severance costs include severance payments, related employee benefits, outplacement fees, and employee relocation costs.   
  Facilities relocation and downsizing expenses were $0.6 and $0.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, primarily related to
the relocation of certain manufacturing and administrative locations to accommodate space requirements. Integration expenses of $0.6 and $1.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.1 and $0.2 million
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, were required to integrate our business acquisitions.   
         24   

Table of Contents  

   Restructuring and other reserve activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are
summarized as follows (in thousands):       
     12. Stock-based Compensation       We account for stock-based payment awards in accordance with ASC 718, Stock Compensation, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all equity awards granted to our
employees and directors, including employee stock options, RSUs, and ESPP purchase rights related to all stock-based compensation plans based on the fair value of such awards on the date of grant. We amortize stock-based compensation cost on a
graded vesting basis over the vesting period reduced by forfeitures, after assessing the probability of achieving the requisite performance criteria with respect to performance-based awards. Stock-based compensation cost is recognized over the
requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche of the award as though the award were, in substance, multiple awards. Prior to adoption of ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of 2016 as explained more fully in Note 1   Basis of
Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, stock-based compensation expense included estimated forfeitures.      Stock-based compensation
expense related to stock options, ESPP purchase rights, and RSUs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is summarized as follows (in thousands):   
   
     Valuation Assumptions for Stock Options and ESPP Purchase Rights    
  We use the Black-Scholes-Merton ( BSM ) option pricing model to value stock-based compensation for all equity awards, except market-based
awards, which are valued using the Monte Carlo valuation model.      The BSM model determines the fair value of stock-based payment awards based
on the stock price on the date of grant and is affected by assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, our expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards,
expected term, interest rates, and actual and projected employee stock option exercise behavior. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock over a preceding period commensurate with the expected term of the option. The
expected term is based upon management s consideration of the historical life, vesting period, and contractual period of the options granted. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect at the time of grant. Expected dividend yield was not considered in the option pricing formula since we do not pay dividends and have no current plans to do so in the future.   
         25   

Table of Contents  

   Stock options were not granted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The
estimated weighted average fair value per share of ESPP purchase rights issued and the underlying weighted average assumptions for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:   
   
    Stock options outstanding and exercisable, including performance-based and market-based options, as of September 30, 2016
and activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are summarized below (in thousands, except weighted average exercise price and remaining contractual term):   
   
    Aggregate intrinsic value for stock options represents the difference between the closing price per share of our common
stock on the last trading day of the fiscal period and the option exercise price multiplied by the number of in-the-money stock options outstanding, vested and expected to vest, and exercisable at September 30, 2016.   
  Non-vested RSUs, including performance-based and market-based RSUs, as of September 30, 2016 and activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
are summarized below (shares in thousands):       
     Vested RSUs       Performance-based RSUs that vested based on financial results are included in the period that the performance and related service criteria were met. The grant date fair value of RSUs vested during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $27.1 million. The aggregate intrinsic value at September 30, 2016 for RSUs expected to vest was $72.1 million and the remaining weighted average vesting period was 1.28 years. Aggregate intrinsic value for
RSUs vested and expected to vest represents the closing price per share of our common stock on the last trading day of the fiscal period, multiplied by the number of RSUs vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2016. RSUs expected to vest
represent time-based RSUs unvested and outstanding at September 30, 2016, and performance-based RSUs for which the requisite service period has not been rendered, but are expected to vest based on the achievement of performance conditions.
  
         26   

Table of Contents  

    Performance-based and Market-based RSUs and Stock Options    
  Performance-based and market-based RSUs and stock options included in the tables above as of September 30, 2016 and activity during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 are summarized below (in thousands):       
    Performance-based and market-based stock options were not granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We use
the BSM option pricing model to value performance-based RSUs. The weighted average grant date fair value per share of performance-based RSUs granted and the assumptions used to estimate grant date fair value during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:       
    Our performance-based RSUs generally vest when specified performance criteria are met based on bookings, revenue, cash
provided by operating activities, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP earnings per share, revenue growth compared to market comparables, non-GAAP earnings per share growth compared to cash flow from operating activities growth, or other targets
during the service period; otherwise, they are forfeited. Non-GAAP operating income is defined as operating income determined in accordance with GAAP, adjusted to remove the impact of certain expenses. Non-GAAP earnings per share is defined as net
income determined in accordance with GAAP, adjusted to remove the impact of certain expenses, divided by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period as more fully defined in Note 2
  Earnings Per Share of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.      The grant date fair value per share determined in accordance
with the BSM valuation model is being amortized over the service period of the performance-based awards. The probability of achieving the awards was determined based on review of the actual results achieved thus far by each business unit compared
with the operating plan during the pertinent service period as well as the overall strength of the business unit. Stock-based compensation expense was adjusted based on this probability assessment. As actual results are achieved during the service
period, the probability assessment is updated and stock-based compensation expense adjusted accordingly.       13. Common Stock Repurchase
Programs       On November 6, 2013, the board of directors approved the repurchase of $200 million of outstanding common stock. Under this
publicly announced plan, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $65.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2015.      On November 9, 2015, the board of directors cancelled $54.9 million remaining for repurchase under the 2013 authorization and approved a new authorization to repurchase $150 million of outstanding common
stock commencing January 1, 2016. This authorization expires December 31, 2018. We repurchased 0.4 and 1.4 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $18.0 and $57.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.
  
         27   

Table of Contents  

   Our employees have the option to surrender shares of common stock to satisfy their tax withholding
obligations that arise on the vesting of RSUs. In connection with stock option exercises, certain employees can surrender shares to satisfy the exercise price of certain stock options and any tax withholding obligations incurred in connection with
such exercises. Employees surrendered less than 0.1 and 0.2 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $3.4 and $7.6 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and 0.1 and 0.2 million shares for an
aggregate purchase price of $6.0 and $10.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.      These repurchased
shares reduce shares outstanding and are recorded as treasury stock under the cost method thereby reducing stockholders  equity by the cost of the repurchased shares. Our buyback program is limited by SEC regulations and is subject to
compliance with our insider trading policy.       14. Accounts Receivable        Financing Receivables       ASC 310, Receivables, requires disclosure regarding the credit
quality of our financing receivables and allowance for credit losses including disclosure of credit quality indicators, past due information, and modifications of our financing receivables. We had financing receivables of $24.1 and $14.8 million
consisting of $11.7 and $10.2 million of sales-type lease receivables, included within other current assets and other assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and $12.4 and $4.6 million of trade receivables having an
original contractual maturity in excess of one year, included within accounts receivable, net of allowance, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The trade receivables of $12.4 and $4.6 million having an original total
contractual maturity in excess of one year at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, include $7.4 and $3.2 million, respectively, which are scheduled to be received in less than one year. The credit quality of financing receivables is evaluated
on the same basis as trade receivables. We do not have material past due financing receivables.       Accounts Receivable Sales Arrangements
      In accordance with ASC 860-20, Transfers and Servicing, trade receivables are derecognized from our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet
when sold to third parties upon determining that such receivables are presumptively beyond the reach of creditors in a bankruptcy proceeding. The recourse obligation is measured using market data from similar transactions and the servicing liability
is determined based on the fair value that a third party would charge to service these receivables. These liabilities were determined to not be material at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   
  We have facilities in the U.S. and Italy that enable us to sell to third parties, on an ongoing basis, certain trade receivables with recourse. Trade
receivables sold with recourse are generally short-term receivables with payment due dates of less than 10 days from the date of sale, which are subject to a servicing obligation. Trade receivables sold under these facilities were $3.0 and $15.4
million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $ 23.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2015, which approximates the cash received.      We have facilities in Spain and Italy that enable us to sell to third parties, on an ongoing basis, certain trade receivables without recourse. Trade receivables sold without recourse are generally
short-term receivables with payment due dates of less than one year, which are secured by international letters of credit. Trade receivables sold under these facilities were $1.0 and $2.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, and $3.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2015, which approximates the cash received.      We report collections
from the sale of trade receivables to third parties as operating cash flows in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.   
         28   

Table of Contents  

Item 2:   
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations          Forward-looking Statements        This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Report ),
including  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future results of the Company that are based on current
expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industry in which the Company operates and the beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company. Words such as  anticipate,   believe,   continue, 
 estimate,   expect,   goal,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   project,   seek,   should,   target,   will,  variations of
such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of the Company and its management with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties,
and assumptions. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, the Company s actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from the results expressed in,
or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Report under the section entitled  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of Part II of
this report and Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and elsewhere and in other reports the Company files with the SEC. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Report. The Company assumes no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements
to reflect actual results, events, or changes in factors or assumptions affecting such forward-looking statements.        Business Overview
      We are a world leader in customer-centric digital printing innovation focused on the transformation of the printing, packaging, ceramic
tile decoration, and textile industries from the use of traditional analog based printing to digital on-demand printing.      Our products include
industrial super-wide and wide format, label and packaging, textile, and ceramic tile decoration digital inkjet printers that utilize our digital ink, industrial digital inkjet printer parts, and professional services; print production workflow,
web-to-print, cross-media marketing, fashion design, and business process automation solutions; and color DFEs creating an on-demand digital printing ecosystem. Our ink includes digital UV, LED, ceramic, and thermoforming ink, as well as a variety
of textile ink including dye sublimation, pigmented, reactive dye, acid dye, pure disperse dye, and water-based dispersed printing ink. Our award-winning business process automation solutions are integrated from creation to print and are vertically
integrated with our industrial digital inkjet printers and products produced by the leading printer manufacturers that are driven by our Fiery DFEs.      Our product portfolio includes industrial super-wide and wide format digital inkjet products ( Industrial Inkjet ) including VUTEk and Matan super-wide and wide format, Reggiani textile, Jetrion
label and packaging, and Cretaprint digital ceramic tile decoration industrial digital inkjet printers; print production workflow, web-to-print, cross-media marketing, fashion design, and business process automation software ( Productivity
Software ), which provides corporate printing, label and packaging, publishing, and mailing and fulfillment solutions for the printing and packaging industry; and Fiery DFEs ( Fiery ). Our integrated solutions and award-winning
technologies are designed to automate print and business processes, streamline workflow, provide profitable value-added services, and produce accurate digital output.       Critical Accounting Policies       The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on
assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial
statements. Management believes there have been no significant changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting policies and estimates in Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       Recent Accounting
Pronouncements       See Note 1 of our Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of recent accounting
pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption.   
         29   

Table of Contents  

    Overview       Key financial results during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows:       

Our results of operations during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015
reflect revenue growth, reduced gross profit as a percentage of revenue, and decreased operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. We completed our acquisitions of Rialco and Optitex in the first and second quarter of 2016, respectively. We
completed our acquisitions of Reggiani, Matan, CTI, and Shuttleworth in 2015. Their results are included in our results of operations commencing on their respective acquisition dates.      

Our consolidated revenue increased by 7% and 16%, or $16.9 and $99.4 million, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software increased by $20.4 and $8.0 million, respectively, partially offset by decreased Fiery revenue, during the three months ended September 30,
2016. Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software increased by $103.1 and $12.1 million, respectively, partially offset by decreased Fiery revenue, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the same periods in the prior year.
Recurring ink and maintenance revenue increased by 22% and 25% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the same periods in the prior year and represented 32% and 31% of consolidated revenue during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.          

Our gross profit percentage was 51% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 51% and 53% during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Gross profit margin decreased to 51% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from 53% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased Industrial Inkjet revenue at a lower gross profit
percentage (35%) compared with Productivity Software (76%) and Fiery (72%). The gross profit percentages increased in the Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software operating segments compared with the same periods in the prior year.

Operating expenses increased by $12.3 and $47.6 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared with the same
periods in the prior year. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was comparable to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 at 47%. The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to head
count increases related to our business acquisitions, prototype and non-recurring engineering expenses related to future product launches, trade show and marketing program expenses, amortization of intangible assets, increased reserves for
litigation and uncollectible accounts, restructuring and other charges, and increased fair value of contingent consideration.          

Interest expense decreased by $0.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015,
primarily due to repayments of debt assumed through business acquisitions. Interest expense increased by $0.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to interest
accretion on our Notes.          

Interest income and other income (expense), net, increased to gains of $0.9 and $1.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, from losses of $0.6 million and $1.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, primarily due to increased investment income of $0.5 and $1.3 million during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, and decreased foreign exchange losses of $0.9 and $0.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, resulting primarily from revaluation of foreign currency denominated net assets
(mainly denominated in Euros, British pounds sterling, and Indian rupees).          

We recognized tax benefits of $11.8 and $9.0 million on pre-tax net income of $5.8 and $15.9 million during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, compared to a tax benefit of $2.8 million and a tax provision of $0.1 million on pre-tax net income of $7.5 and $23.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The changes in the income
tax provision are primarily due to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with September 30, 2015.      
         30   

Table of Contents  

    Results of Operations       Our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as a percentage of total revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:   
   
     Revenue    
  We classify our revenue, gross profit, assets, and liabilities in accordance with our three operating segments as follows:   
   Industrial Inkjet,  which consists of our VUTEk and Matan super-wide and wide format, Reggiani textile, Jetrion label and packaging, and
Cretaprint ceramic tile decoration industrial digital inkjet printers; digital UV, LED, ceramic, and thermoforming ink, as well as a variety of textile ink including dye sublimation, pigmented, reactive dye, acid dye, pure disperse dye, and
water-based dispersed printing ink; digital inkjet printer parts; and professional services. Printing surfaces include paper, vinyl, corrugated, textile, glass, plastic, aluminum composite, ceramic tile, wood, and many other flexible and rigid
substrates.       Productivity Software,  which consists of a complete software suite that enables efficient and automated end-to-end
business and production workflows for the print and packaging industry. This  Productivity Suite  also provides tools to enable revenue growth, efficient scheduling, and optimization of processes, equipment, and personnel. Customers are
provided the financial and technical flexibility to deploy locally within their business or to be hosted in the cloud. The Productivity Suite addresses all segments of the print industry and consists of the: (i)  Packaging Suite,  with Radius
at its core, for tag   label, cartons, and flexible packaging businesses; (ii)  Corrugated Packaging Suite,  with CTI at its core, for corrugated packaging businesses; (iii)  Enterprise Commercial Print Suite,  with Monarch at its
core, for enterprise print businesses; (iv)  Publication Print Suite,  with Monarch or Technique at its core, for publication print businesses; (v)  Mid-market Print Suite,  with Pace at its core, for medium size print businesses; (vi)
 Quick Print Suite,  with PrintSmith at its core, for small printers and in-plant sites; and (vii)  Value Added Products,  available with the suite and standalone, such as web-to-print, e-commerce, cross media marketing, warehousing,
fulfillment, shop floor data collection, and shipping to reduce costs, increase profits, and offer new products and services to their existing and future customers. We also market Optitex fashion design software, which facilitates fast fashion in
the textile industry.       Fiery,  which consists of DFEs that transform digital copiers and printers into high performance networked
printing devices for the office, industrial, and commercial printing markets. This operating segment is comprised of (i) stand-alone DFEs connected to digital printers, copiers, and other peripheral devices, (ii) embedded DFEs and design-licensed
solutions used in digital copiers and multi-functional devices, (iii) optional software integrated into our DFE solutions such as Fiery Central and Command WorkStation, (iv) Fiery Self Serve, our self-service and payment solution, (v) PrintMe, our
mobile printing application, and (vi) stand-alone software-based solutions such as our proofing and scanning solutions.   
    Ex-Currency.   To better understand trends in our business, we believe it is helpful to adjust our statement of operations to exclude the
impact of year-over-year changes in the translation of foreign currencies into U.S. dollars. This is a non-GAAP measure that is calculated by adjusting revenue, gross profit, and operating expenses by using historical exchange rates in effect during
the comparable prior period and removing the balance sheet currency remeasurement impact from interest income and other income (expense), net, including removal of any hedging gains and losses. We refer to these adjustments as
 ex-currency.  The year-over-year currency impact can be determined as the difference between year-over-year actual growth rates and year-over-year ex-currency growth rates.   
         31   

Table of Contents  

   Management believes the ex-currency measures provide investors with an additional perspective on
year-over-year financial trends and enables investors to analyze our operating results in the same way management does. A reconciliation of the ex-currency adjustments to GAAP results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
and an explanation of how management uses non-GAAP financial information to evaluate its business, the substance behind management s decision to use this non-GAAP financial information, the material limitations associated with the use of
non-GAAP financial information, the manner in which management compensates for those limitations, and the substantive reasons management believes that this non-GAAP financial information provides useful information to investors is included under
 Non-GAAP Financial Information  below.       Revenue by Operating Segment during the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015       Our revenue by operating segment during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in thousands):   
   
     Overview    
  Our consolidated revenue increased by 7% (9 % ex-currency), or $16.9 million, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the three
months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to increased Reggiani textile and Cretaprint ceramic tile decoration digital inkjet printer revenue, increased ink revenue, and post-acquisition Rialco revenue in the Industrial Inkjet operating segment
and increased Radius license revenue and post-acquisition Optitex, CTI, and Shuttleworth revenue in the Productivity Software operating segment.        Industrial Inkjet        Industrial Inkjet revenue increased by 17% (19 % ex-currency)
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. Industrial Inkjet revenue in the super-wide and wide format product lines is benefiting from the ongoing analog to digital technology and
solvent to UV ink migration primarily due to:       

the complementary impact of the Industrial Inkjet business acquisitions including Reggiani textile and Matan super-wide format industrial digital
inkjet printers and Rialco ink products,          

the FabriVu 180/340 soft signage super wide-format roll-to-roll digital inkjet graphics printer manufactured in our Reggiani facility in Italy,

the C4 ceramic tile decoration digital inkjet printer,      

the M4, which is a wider-format ceramic tile decoration digital inkjet printer, which can print with a variety of print heads,

increased UV and LED ink revenue as a result of the high utilization that our UV printers are experiencing in the field, partially offset by decreased
solvent printer installed base demand measured by solvent ink usage,          

ink product revenue from our acquisition of Rialco, which closed in the first quarter of 2016, and      

increased ceramic ink revenue as our internally formulated ceramic ink gains market share.      
    Productivity Software     
  Productivity Software revenue increased by 25% (27% ex-currency) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended
September 30, 2015 primarily due to post-acquisition Optitex, CTI, and Shuttleworth revenue; increased Radius, PrintFlow, Technique, and Metrics license revenue; and annual price increases related to our maintenance contracts.   
    Fiery        Fiery revenue decreased by
15% (15% ex-currency) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015. Although end customer and reseller preference for Fiery products drives demand, most Fiery revenue relies on printer
manufacturers to design, develop, and integrate Fiery technology into their print engines. Fiery revenue decreased primarily due to one significant printer manufacturer purchasing less inventory and weak APAC demand.   
         32   

Table of Contents  

    Revenue by Operating Segment during the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
  Our revenue by operating segment during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in thousands):   
   
     Overview    
  Our consolidated revenue increased by 16% (17 % ex-currency), or $99.4 million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to increased Reggiani textile and Cretaprint ceramic tile decoration digital inkjet printer revenue, increased ink revenue, and post-acquisition Rialco revenue in the Industrial Inkjet operating segment
and increased Radius license revenue and post-acquisition Optitex, CTI, and Shuttleworth revenue in the Productivity Software operating segment.        Industrial Inkjet Revenue        Industrial Inkjet revenue increased by 34% (35%
ex-currency) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Industrial Inkjet revenue in the super-wide and wide format product lines is benefiting from the ongoing analog to digital
technology and solvent to UV ink migration primarily due to the complementary impact of the Industrial Inkjet business acquisitions. Increased revenue resulted from nine months of Reggiani textile and Matan super-wide format industrial digital
inkjet printer revenue in 2016 compared with three months in 2015, post-acquisition Rialco ink product revenue, the FabriVu 180/340 soft signage super wide-format roll-to-roll digital inkjet graphics printer manufactured in our Reggiani facility,
increased ceramic ink revenue as our internally formulated ceramic ink gains market share, and increased UV and LED ink revenue as a result of the high utilization that our UV printers are experiencing in the field, partially offset by decreased
solvent printer installed base demand measured by solvent ink usage.        Productivity Software     
  Productivity Software revenue increased by 12% (14% ex-currency) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 primarily due to post-acquisition Optitex, CTI, and Shuttleworth revenue; increased Pace, Radius, PrintFlow, and Technique license revenue; and annual price increases related to our maintenance contracts.   
    Fiery        Fiery revenue decreased by
7% (7% ex-currency) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Although end customer and reseller preference for Fiery products drives demand, most Fiery revenue relies on printer
manufacturers to design, develop, and integrate Fiery technology into their print engines. Fiery revenue decreased primarily due to one significant printer manufacturer purchasing less inventory and weak APAC demand.   
   Revenue by Geographic Area       Shipments to
some of our significant printer manufacturer customers are made to centralized purchasing and manufacturing locations, which in turn ship to other locations, making it difficult to obtain accurate geographical shipment data. Accordingly, we believe
that export sales of our products into each region may differ from what is reported.       Revenue by Geographic Area during the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       Our revenue by geographic area during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows
(in thousands):       
 
         33   

Table of Contents  

    Overview       Our consolidated revenue increased by approximately 7% (9% ex-currency), or $16.9 million, to $245.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $228.7 million during the three months
ended September 30, 2015 due to increased Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software revenue in all geographic regions.        Americas
       Americas revenue increased by $7.1 million, or 6% (6% ex-currency), during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the
three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased UV and LED ink revenue; increased Reggiani industrial digital inkjet textile printer, Vutek industrial digital inkjet super-wide format printer, label and packaging digital inkjet
printer, and Productivity Software revenue. Increased Productivity Software revenue resulted primarily from our 2016 acquisition of Optitex; our 2015 acquisition of CTI, and increased Radius and Metrics license revenue. Fiery revenue decreased
primarily due to one significant printer manufacturer purchasing less inventory.        EMEA     
  EMEA revenue increased by $5.1 million, or 6% (9% ex-currency), during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended
September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased Reggiani industrial digital inkjet textile printer and post-acquisition Rialco ink products revenue and Productivity Software revenue, consisting primarily of post-acquisition Optitex and Shuttleworth
revenue, partially offset by decreased Fiery revenue.        APAC        APAC revenue increased by $4.7 million, or 17% (19% ex-currency), during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased
ceramic tile decoration, Matan industrial digital inkjet super-wide format, Reggiani textile digital inkjet printer revenue; and Productivity Software revenue; partially offset by decreased Fiery revenue. Increased Productivity Software revenue
resulted from our 2016 acquisition of Optitex and increased Technique and PrintFlow license revenue.       Revenue by Geographic Area during the
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015       Our revenue by geographic area during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was
as follows (in thousands):       
     Overview    
  Our consolidated revenue increased by approximately 16% (17% ex-currency), or $99.4 million, to $725.4 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 from $626.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily from increased Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software revenue in all three geographic areas.        Americas        Americas revenue increased by $26.9 million, or 8% (8% ex-currency),
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulting from increased revenue due to increased UV and LED ink revenue; increased Reggiani textile, Vutek and Matan super-wide format, label and
packaging, and ceramic tile decoration digital inkjet printer revenue; and increased Productivity Software revenue; partially offset by decreased Fiery revenue. Increased Productivity Software revenue resulted primarily from our 2016 acquisition of
Optitex; our 2015 acquisition of CTI, and increased Radius and Metrics license revenue. Fiery revenue decreased primarily due to one significant printer manufacturer purchasing less inventory.   
         34   

Table of Contents  

     EMEA        EMEA revenue increased by $59.3 million, or 29% (31% ex-currency), during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased
Reggiani textile, Matan super-wide format, and ceramic tile decoration digital inkjet printer revenue; post-acquisition revenue from our 2016 acquisitions of Rialco and Optitex; revenue from our 2015 acquisition of Shuttleworth; and increased Pace
license revenue; partially offset by decreased Fiery revenue.        APAC        APAC revenue increased by $13.2 million, or 16% (18% ex-currency), during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased Matan
super-wide format, ceramic tile decoration, and Reggiani digital inkjet printer revenue; and Optitex post-acquisition revenue; partially offset by decreased Fiery revenue.       Revenue Concentration       A substantial portion of our revenue over the years has been
attributable to sales of products through the leading printer manufacturers and independent distributor channels. We have a direct relationship with several leading printer manufacturers and work closely to design, develop, and integrate Fiery
technology into their print engines. The printer manufacturers act as distributors and sell Fiery products to end customers through reseller channels. End customer and reseller channel preference for the Fiery DFE and software solutions drive demand
for Fiery products through the printer manufacturers.      Although end customer and reseller channel preference for Fiery products drives demand,
most Fiery revenue relies on printer manufacturers to design, develop, and integrate Fiery technology into their print engines. A significant portion of our revenue is, and has been, generated by sales of our Fiery DFE products to a relatively small
number of leading printer manufacturers. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not have any customers contributing more than 10% of our consolidated revenue. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
Xerox provided 13% of our consolidated revenue. We expect that if we increase our revenue in the Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software operating segments in the future, the percentage of our revenue from the leading printer manufacturer
customers will decrease.       Gross Profit       Gross profit by operating segment, excluding stock-based compensation, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in thousands):   
   
    A reconciliation of our segment gross profit to our condensed consolidated statements of operations during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in thousands):       
 
         35   

Table of Contents  

    Overview       Our gross profit percentage was 51% (51% ex-currency) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and decreased to 51% (51% ex-currency) during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
53% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily due to increased Industrial Inkjet revenue at a gross profit percentage of 34.7% compared with Productivity Software and Fiery gross profit percentages of 74.6% and 71.2%, respectively.
Industrial Inkjet revenue increased as a percentage of revenue to 58% and 56% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, from 54% and 49% during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.
       Industrial Inkjet Gross Profit        The Industrial Inkjet gross profit percentage increased to 35.3% and 34.7% (35.7% and 34.9% ex-currency) during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, from 34.6% and 34.3%
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Gross profit percentages improved by leveraging efficiencies in our worldwide digital inkjet printer manufacturing operations, centralizing super wide-format textile digital
inkjet printer production in Italy, transferring production of super wide-format roll-to-roll digital inkjet printers to Israel to leverage the lower cost platform that Matan provides, reducing warranty expense as a percentage of revenue due to
engineering and quality improvements, and increasing ink revenue as a percentage of consolidated Industrial Inkjet revenue. Our ink business generates a higher gross profit percentage than other elements of our Industrial Inkjet operating segment.
       Productivity Software Gross Profit        The Productivity Software gross profit percentages increased to 75.7% and 74.6% (75.5% and 74.4% ex-currency) during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, from 73.0% and 72.7%
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, primarily due to efficiencies gained through increased revenue on a relatively fixed cost base, achievement of certain post-acquisition cost synergies, and price increases on
annual maintenance renewal contracts.        Fiery Gross Profit        The Fiery gross profit percentage increased to 72.1% and 71.2% (72.1% and 71.2% ex-currency) during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, from 69.2% and 70.4% during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The revenue mix between lower margin DFEs compared with higher margin professional services and software solutions accounts for this margin fluctuation between the periods.   
   Operating Expenses       Operating expenses
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in thousands):       
    Operating expenses increased by $12.3 and $47.6 million, or 12% and 16% (13% and 18% ex-currency), Operating expenses as
a percentage of revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was comparable to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 at 47%.   
   Research and Development       Research and
development expenses include personnel, consulting, travel, research and development facilities, prototype materials, and non-recurring engineering expenses.   
         36   

Table of Contents  

   Research and development expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $36.9 million, or
15% of revenue, compared to $36.1 million, or 16% of revenue, during the three months ended September 30, 2015, which is an increase of $0.8 million, or 2% (3% ex-currency). Personnel-related expenses increased by $1.6 million primarily due to head
count increases related to our business acquisitions. Prototypes and non-recurring engineering, consulting, contractor, freight, and related travel expenses decreased by $0.3 million primarily due to the timing of trade show support by engineering
personnel. Stock-based compensation expense decreased by $0.3 million primarily because actual forfeitures were greater than the previous forfeiture estimate that was used prior to implementation of ASU 2016-09 as more fully explained in Note 1
  Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, as well as reduced probability of achieving performance awards and decreased ESPP participation by employees compared to the prior year.   
  Research and development expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $111.7 million, or 15% of revenue, compared to $103.9 million, or
17% of revenue, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which is an increase of $7.8 million, or 8% (9% ex-currency). Personnel-related expenses increased by $6.7 million primarily due to head count increases related to our business
acquisitions, partially offset by reduced variable compensation expense. Prototypes and non-recurring engineering, consulting, contractor, freight, and related travel expenses increased by $0.6 million primarily due to product development efforts in
advance of product launches. Stock-based compensation expense decreased by $0.8 million primarily because actual forfeitures were greater than the previous forfeiture estimate that was used prior to implementation of ASU 2016-09 as more fully
explained in Note 1   Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, as well as reduced probability of achieving performance awards and decreased ESPP participation by employees compared to the prior year. Facilities and information
technology expenses related to our research and development activities increased by $1.3 million.      We expect that if the U.S. dollar remains
volatile against the Indian rupee, Euro, British pound sterling, Israeli shekel, Canadian dollar or Brazilian real, research and development expenses reported in U.S. dollars could fluctuate, although we hedge our operating expense exposure to the
Indian rupee, which partially mitigates this risk.       Sales and Marketing       Sales and marketing expenses include personnel, trade shows, marketing programs and promotional materials, sales commissions, travel and entertainment, depreciation, and worldwide sales office expenses.
     Sales and marketing expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $43.1 million, or 17% of revenue, compared to $39.8
million, or 17% of revenue, during the three months ended September 30, 2015, which is an increase of $3.3 million, or 8% (9% ex-currency). Personnel-related expenses increased by $1.5 million primarily due to head count increases related to our
business acquisitions and increased commission payments due to increased revenue. Trade show and marketing program spending, including consulting, contractor, travel, and freight, increased by $0.8 million. Stock-based compensation expense increased
by $0.4 million primarily because actual forfeitures were less than the previous forfeiture estimate that was used prior to implementation of ASU 2016-09 as more fully explained in Note 1   Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting
Policies, partially offset by reduced probability of achieving performance awards and decreased ESPP participation by employees compared to the prior year. Facilities and information technology expenses related to our sales and marketing activities
increased by $0.5 million.      Sales and marketing expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $127.4 million, or 18% of
revenue, compared to $114.1 million, or 18% of revenue, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which is an increase of $13.3 million, or 12% (13% ex-currency). Personnel-related expenses increased by $7.2 million primarily due to head
count increases related to our business acquisitions and commissions due to increased revenue. Trade show and marketing program spending, including consulting, contractor, travel, and freight, increased by $6.2 million. Stock-based compensation
expense decreased by $0.3 million primarily because actual forfeitures were greater than the previous forfeiture estimate that was used prior to implementation of ASU 2016-09 as more fully explained in Note 1   Basis of Presentation and
Significant Accounting Policies, as well as decreased ESPP participation by employees compared to the prior year.      Over time, our sales and
marketing expenses may increase in absolute terms if revenue increases in future periods as we continue to actively promote our products and introduce new services and products. We expect that if the U.S. dollar remains volatile against the Euro,
British pound sterling, Brazilian real, Israeli shekel, Australian dollar, and other currencies, sales and marketing expenses reported in U.S. dollars could fluctuate.       General and Administrative       General and administrative expenses consist primarily of human
resources, legal, and finance expenses.   
         37   

Table of Contents  

   General and administrative expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $24.1 million, or
10% of revenue, compared to $18.2 million, or 8% of revenue, during the three months ended September 30, 2015, which is an increase of $5.9 million, or 32% (33% ex-currency). Personnel-related expenses increased by $0.8 million primarily due to head
count increases related to our business acquisitions. Acquisition costs decreased by $1.2 million primarily due to lower expenses in 2016 related to the Optitex acquisition, which closed on June 16, 2016, and anticipated acquisitions compared with
acquisition costs related to the Reggiani and Matan acquisitions, which closed on July 1, 2015. Reserves for litigation and uncollectible accounts increased by $0.8 million. Legal expenses increased by $0.7 million due to an increase in litigation
and settlement activity from the prior year. Stock-based compensation expense decreased by $0.9 primarily because actual forfeitures were greater than the previous forfeiture estimate that was used prior to implementation of ASU 2016-09 as more
fully explained in Note 1   Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, reduced probability of achieving performance awards, and decreased ESPP participation by employees compared to the prior year.   
  The estimated probability of achieving the Optitex, Reggiani, DirectSmile, and CTI earnout performance targets increased during the three months ended
September 30, 2016, resulting in an increase in the associated liability and a charge to general and administrative expense of $4.3 million, including accretion of interest. A similar change in the estimated probability or actual achievement of
several earnout performance targets was reduced during the three months ended September 30, 2015, resulting in a reduction of the associated liability and a credit to general and administrative expense of $1.1 million, including accretion of
interest.      General and administrative expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $66.4 million, or 9% of revenue, compared
to $54.2 million, or 9% of revenue, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which is an increase of $12.2 million, or 22% (25% ex-currency). Personnel-related expenses increased by $1.3 million primarily due to head count increases related
to our business acquisitions and variable compensation due to improved profitability. Acquisition costs decreased by $2.5 million primarily due to lower expenses in 2016 related to the Optitex and Rialco acquisitions, which closed in 2016, and
anticipated acquisitions compared with acquisition costs related to the Reggiani and Matan acquisitions, which closed in 2015. Reserves for litigation and uncollectible accounts increased by $1.8 million. Legal expenses increased by $0.5 million due
to an increase in litigation and settlement activity from the prior year. Stock-based compensation expense increased by $0.4 million primarily due to prior year forfeitures resulting from the resignation of our chief financial officer in January
2015, partially offset by reduced probability of achieving performance awards in the current year, decreased ESPP participation by employees compared to the prior year, and the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 because actual forfeitures were
greater than the previous forfeiture estimate that was used prior to implementation of ASU 2016-09 as more fully explained in Note 1   Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies. Facilities and information technology expenses
increased by $2.0 million.      The estimated probability of achieving the Optitex, Reggiani, DirectSmile, and CTI earnout performance targets
increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, partially offset by a reduced probability of achieving the DIMS earnout performance target, resulting in an increase in the associated liability and a credit to general and administrative
expense of $6.3 million, net of accretion of interest. A similar change in the estimated probability or actual achievement of several earnout performance targets during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted in a reduction of the
associated liability and a credit to general and administrative expense of $2.4 million in the prior year.      We expect that if the U.S. dollar
remains volatile against the Euro, British pound sterling, Indian rupee, Israeli shekel, Brazilian real, or other currencies, general and administrative expenses reported in U.S. dollars could fluctuate.   
   Stock-based Compensation       We account for
stock-based payment awards in accordance with ASC 718, which requires stock-based compensation expense to be recognized based on the fair value of such awards on the date of grant. We amortize compensation cost on a graded vesting basis over the
vesting period, after assessing the probability of achieving requisite performance criteria with respect to performance-based and market-based awards. Stock-based compensation cost is recognized over the requisite service period for each separately
vesting tranche of the award as though the award were, in substance, multiple awards. This has the impact of greater stock-based compensation expense during the initial years of the vesting period.   
  Stock-based compensation expenses were $8.6 and $9.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $0.9
million. Stock-based compensation expenses were $26.9 and $28.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease of $1.2 million. Stock-based compensation expense decreased primarily because actual
forfeitures were greater than the previous forfeiture estimate that was used prior to implementation of ASU 2016-09 as more fully explained in Note 1   Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies, prior year forfeitures resulting
from the resignation of our chief financial officer in January 2015, reduced probability of achieving performance awards, and decreased ESPP participation by employees compared to the prior year.   
         38   

Table of Contents  

    Restructuring and Other       Restructuring and other costs were $1.3 and $5.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.6 and $2.5 million during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively. Restructuring and other costs include severance charges of $0.6 and $3.7 million related to reductions in head count of 16 and 114 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.5 and $1.8
million related to reduction in head count of 17 and 65 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Severance costs include severance payments, related employee benefits, outplacement fees, and employee relocation costs.
     Facilities relocation and downsizing expenses were $0.6 and $0.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, primarily
related to the relocation of certain manufacturing and administrative locations to accommodate space requirements. Integration expenses of $0.6 and $1.5 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $0.1 and
$0.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, were required to integrate our business acquisitions.       Amortization
of Identified Intangibles       Amortization of identified intangibles during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $10.4 million, or 4%
of revenue, compared to $8.8 million, or 4% of revenue, during the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $ 1.6 million, or 19%. The intangible amortization increase was primarily due to intangible amortization of identified
intangibles resulting from the CTI, Shuttleworth, Rialco, and Optitex acquisitions, partially offset by decreased amortization due to certain intangible assets from prior year acquisitions becoming fully amortized.   
  Amortization of identified intangibles during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $29.4 million, or 4% of revenue, compared to $18.1 million, or
3% of revenue, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $11.2 million, or 62%. The intangible amortization increase was primarily due to intangible amortization of identified intangibles resulting from the Reggiani, Matan,
CTI, Shuttleworth, Rialco, and Optitex acquisitions, partially offset by decreased amortization due to certain intangible assets from prior year acquisitions becoming fully amortized.       Interest Expense       Interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 was $4.5 and $13.2 million compared to $4.6 and $12.9 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $0.1 million primarily due to repayments of debt assumed through business acquisitions and an increase of
$0.4 million, respectively, which is primarily due to interest accretion on our Notes.       Interest Income and Other Income (Expense), Net
      Interest income and other income (expense), net, includes interest income on our cash equivalents and short-term investments, gains and
losses from sales of our cash equivalents and short-term investments, and net foreign currency transaction gains and losses.      Interest income
and other income (expense), net, increased to gains of $0.9 and $1.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, from losses of $0.6 million and $1.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, respectively, primarily due to increased investment income of $0.5 and $1.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and decreased foreign exchange losses of $0.9 and $0.3 million during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, resulting primarily from revaluation of foreign currency denominated net assets (mainly denominated in Euros, British pounds sterling, and Indian rupees).   
   Income Before Income Taxes       The
components of income before income taxes during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands):       
 
         39   

Table of Contents  

   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, pretax net income of $5.8 million consisted of U.S. pretax
net loss of $0.2 million and foreign pretax net income of $6.0 million, respectively. Pretax net loss attributable to U.S. operations included amortization of identified intangibles of $1.9 million, stock-based compensation of $8.6 million,
restructuring and other of $0.9 million, acquisition-related costs of $0.4 million, change in fair value of contingent consideration of $0.5 million, and interest expense related to our Notes of $4.2 million. Pretax net income attributable to
foreign operations included amortization of identified intangibles of $8.5 million, restructuring and other of $0.4 million, and change in fair value of contingent consideration of $3.8 million. The exclusion of these items from pretax net income
would result in U.S. and foreign pretax net income of $16.3 and $18.7 million, respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2016.   
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, pretax net income of $16.0 million consisted of U.S. and foreign pretax net income of $7.3 and $8.7
million, respectively. Pretax net income attributable to U.S. operations included amortization of identified intangibles of $5.8 million, stock-based compensation of $26.9 million, restructuring and other of $3.1 million, acquisition-related costs
of $1.4 million, litigation settlement expense of $0.9 million, change in fair value of contingent consideration of $0.5 million, and interest expense related to our Notes of $12.2 million. Pretax net income attributable to foreign operations
included amortization of identified intangibles of $23.6 million, restructuring and other of $2.6 million, acquisition-related costs of $0.3 million, and change in fair value of contingent consideration of $5.8 million. The exclusion of these items
from pretax net income would result in U.S. and foreign pretax net income of $58.1 and $41.0.million, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      During the three months ended September 30, 2015, pretax net income of $7.5 million consisted of U.S. pretax net loss of $4.4 million and foreign pretax net income of $11.9 million, respectively. Pretax
net loss attributable to U.S. operations included amortization of identified intangibles of $1.8 million, stock-based compensation of $9.5 million, acquisition-related costs of $1.0 million, and interest expense related to our Notes of $4.0 million.
Pretax net income attributable to foreign operations included amortization of identified intangibles of $7.0 million and acquisition-related costs of $0.6 million, partially offset by change in fair value of contingent consideration of $1.2 million.
The exclusion of these items from U.S. pretax net loss and foreign pretax net income would result in U.S. and foreign pretax net income of $11.9 and $18.3 million, respectively, during the three months ended September 30, 2015.   
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, pretax net income of $23.3 million consisted of U.S. and foreign pretax net income of $5.5 and $17.8
million, respectively. Pretax net income attributable to U.S. operations included amortization of identified intangibles of $5.7 million, stock-based compensation of $28.1 million, restructuring and other of $1.2 million, acquisition-related costs
of $3.5 million, litigation settlement expense of $0.6 million, and interest expense related to our Notes of $11.7 million. Pretax net income attributable to foreign operations included amortization of identified intangibles of $12.4 million,
restructuring and other of $1.3 million, and acquisition-related costs of $0.8 million, partially offset by change in fair value of contingent consideration of $2.4 million. The exclusion of these items from pretax net income would result in U.S.
and foreign pretax net income of $56.3 and $29.9 million, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.       Provision for
Income Taxes       We recognized tax benefits of $11.8 and $9.0 million on pretax net income of $5.8 and $15.9 million during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. We recognized a tax benefit of $2.8 million and a tax provision of $0.1 million on pretax net income of $7.5 and $23.3 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.
The provisions for income taxes before discrete items reflected in the table below were $3.3 and $6.1 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $3.5 and $7.6 million during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively. The decrease in the provision for income taxes before discrete items during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same periods in the prior year, is primarily due to the decrease in
profitability before income taxes.      Primary differences between our provision for income taxes before discrete items and the income tax
provision at the U.S. statutory rate of 35% include lower taxes on permanently reinvested foreign earnings and the tax effects of stock-based compensation expense pursuant to ASC 718-740, which are non-deductible for tax purposes.   
  Our tax provision before discrete items is reconciled to our recorded provision for income taxes during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 as follows (in millions):       
 
         40   

Table of Contents  

   We earn a significant amount of our operating income outside the U.S., which is deemed to be permanently
reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. Most of this income is earned in the Netherlands, Spain, and the Cayman Islands, which are jurisdictions with tax rates materially lower than the statutory U.S. tax rate of 35%. Our effective tax rate could
fluctuate significantly and be adversely impacted if anticipated earnings in the Netherlands, Spain, and the Cayman Islands are proportionally lower than current projections and earnings in all other jurisdictions are proportionally higher than
current projections.      While we currently do not foresee a need to repatriate the earnings of these operations, should we require more capital
in the U.S. than is generated by our U.S. operations, we may elect to repatriate funds held in our foreign jurisdictions or raise capital in the U.S. through debt or equity issuances. These alternatives could result in higher effective tax rates,
the cash payment of taxes, and/or increased interest expense.      In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we realized tax benefits
of $13.5 million resulting from the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits due to a lapse of the statute of limitations in the United States and Spain, primarily due to $10.3 million associated with the 2012 sale of our Foster City
building and land. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we realized tax benefits of $4.4 and $4.9 million, respectively, primarily resulting from the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits due to a lapse of the statute
of limitations in the United States.      As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, gross unrecognized tax benefits were $35.8 and $43.5
million, respectively, which would affect the effective tax rate, if recognized. Over the next twelve months, our existing tax positions will continue to generate increased liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. It is reasonably possible that
our gross unrecognized tax benefits will decrease up to $4.8 million in the next twelve months. These adjustments, if recognized, would positively impact our effective tax rate, and would be recognized as additional tax benefits in our Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Operations. The reduction in unrecognized tax benefits relates primarily to a lapse of the statute of limitations for federal and state tax purposes.      In accordance with ASU 2013-11, we recorded $23.5 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits as an offset to deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2016, and the remaining $12.3 million has been recorded
as noncurrent income taxes payable.      We recognize potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax
expense. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have accrued $0.8 and $0.5 million, respectively, for potential payments of interest and penalties.      As of September 30, 2016, we were subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service for the 2013-2015 tax years, state tax jurisdictions for the 2011-2015 tax years, the Netherlands tax authority for
the 2014-2015 tax years, the Spanish tax authority for the 2012-2015 tax years, and the Italian tax authority for the 2012-2015 tax years.      In
Altera Corp. v. Commissioner, the U.S Tax Court issued an opinion on July 27, 2015, related to the treatment of stock-based compensation expense in an intercompany cost-sharing arrangement. To date, the U.S. Department of the Treasury has not
withdrawn the requirement to include stock-based compensation in intercompany cost-sharing arrangements from its regulations. Due to the uncertainty related to the status of the current regulations and the basis of the appeal that has been filed by
the Internal Revenue Service, we have not recorded any benefit as of September 30, 2016 in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. We will continue to monitor ongoing developments and potential impacts to our condensed consolidated
financial statements.      We assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income by considering both
positive and negative evidence relating to their recoverability. If we believe that recovery of these deferred tax assets is not more likely than not, we establish a valuation allowance.      Significant judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we considered all available evidence,
including recent operating results, projections of future taxable income, our ability to utilize loss and credit carryforwards, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. Other than valuation allowances on deferred tax assets related to
California and Luxembourg deferred tax assets that will not be realized based on the size of the net operating loss and research and development credits being generated, we have determined that is more likely than not that we will realize the
benefit related to all other deferred tax assets. To the extent we increase a valuation allowance, we will include an expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations in the period in which such determination is made.   
   Non-GAAP Financial Information        Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information       To supplement our condensed consolidated financial
results prepared in accordance with GAAP, we use non-GAAP measures of net income and earnings per diluted share that are GAAP net income and earnings per diluted share adjusted to exclude certain costs, expenses, and gains.   
         41   

Table of Contents  

   We believe the presentation of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share provides
important supplemental information regarding certain costs, expenses, gains, and significant items that we believe are important to understanding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations. Non-GAAP
net income and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share are among the primary indicators used by management as a basis for planning and forecasting future periods and by management and our Board of Directors to determine whether our operating performance
has met specified targets and thresholds. Management uses non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share when evaluating operating performance because it believes the exclusion of the items described below, for which the amounts and/or
timing may vary significantly depending on our activities and other factors, facilitates comparability of our operating performance from period to period. We have chosen to provide this information to investors so they can analyze our operating
results in the same way that management does and use this information in their assessment of our business and the valuation of our Company.   
   Use and Economic Substance of Non-GAAP Financial Measures       We compute non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share by adjusting GAAP net income and GAAP earnings per diluted share to remove the impact of the amortization of acquisition-related
intangibles, stock-based compensation expense, non-cash settlement of vacation liabilities, restructuring and other expense, acquisition-related transaction expenses, costs to integrate such acquisitions into our business, changes in the fair value
of contingent consideration including the related foreign exchange fluctuation impact, litigation settlement charges, and non-cash interest expense related to our Notes. We use a static non-GAAP tax rate of 19%, which we believe reflects the
long-term average tax rate based on our international structure and geographic distribution of revenue and profit.        Ex-Currency.  
To better understand trends in our business, we believe it is helpful to adjust our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations to exclude the impact of year-over-year changes in the translation of foreign currencies into U.S. dollars. This is a
non-GAAP measure that is calculated by adjusting revenue, gross profit, and operating expenses by using historical exchange rates in effect during the comparable prior period and removing the balance sheet currency remeasurement impact from interest
income and other income (expense), net, including removal of any hedging gains and losses. We refer to these adjustments as  ex-currency.  Management believes the ex-currency measures provide investors with an additional perspective on
year-over-year financial trends and enables investors to analyze our operating results in the same way management does. The year-over-year currency impact can be determined as the difference between year-over-year actual growth rates and
year-over-year ex-currency growth rates.      These excluded items are described below:   

Intangible assets acquired to date are being amortized   on a straight-line basis.      

Stock-based compensation expense   recognized in accordance with ASC 718.      

Non-cash settlement of vacation liabilities   through the issuance of RSUs, which are not included in the GAAP presentation of our
stock-based compensation expense.          

Restructuring and other consists of:          

Restructuring charges   incurred as we consolidate the number and size of our facilities and, as a result, reduce the size of our
workforce.          

Acquisition-related transaction costs   associated with businesses acquired during the periods reported and anticipated transactions of
$0.4 and $1.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1.6 and $4.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.      

Changes in fair value of contingent consideration.   Our management determined that we should analyze the total return provided by the
investment when evaluating operating results of an acquired entity. The total return consists of operating profit generated from the acquired entity compared to the purchase price paid, including the final amounts paid for contingent consideration
without considering any post-acquisition adjustments related to changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration. Because our management believes the final purchase price paid for the acquisition reflects the accounting value assigned to
both contingent consideration and to the intangible assets, we exclude the GAAP impact of any adjustments to the fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration from the operating results of an acquisition in subsequent periods, including
the related foreign exchange fluctuation impact. We believe this approach is useful in understanding the long-term return provided by our acquisitions and that investors benefit from a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact
of this adjustment.      
         42   

Table of Contents  

Non-cash interest expense on our Notes.   Our Notes may be settled in cash on conversion. We are required to separately account for the
liability (debt) and equity (conversion option) components of the Notes in a manner that reflects our non-convertible debt borrowing rate. Accordingly, for GAAP purposes, we are required to amortize a debt discount equal to the fair value of the
conversion option as interest expense on our $345 million of 0.75% convertible senior notes that were issued in a private placement in September 2014 over the term of the Notes.      

Litigation Settlements.   We settled, or accrued reserves related to, litigation claims of $0.9 and $0.6 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.          

Tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments  . We use a constant non-GAAP tax rate of 19%, which we believe reflects the long-term average tax rate
based on our international structure and geographic distribution of revenue and profit. The long-term average tax rate is calculated in accordance with the principles of ASC 740 to estimate the non-GAAP income tax provision in each jurisdiction in
which we operate, after excluding the tax effect of the non-GAAP items described above and $10.3 million of previously unrecognized tax benefits associated with the 2012 sale of our Foster City building and land which we recognized in the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016.          Usefulness of Non-GAAP Financial Information to Investors    
  These non-GAAP measures, including ex-currency, are not in accordance with or an alternative to GAAP and may be materially different from other non-GAAP
measures, including similarly titled non-GAAP measures, used by other companies. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue, gross profit, operating
expenses, net income, or earnings per diluted share prepared in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. We
expect to continue to incur expenses of a nature similar to the non-GAAP adjustments described above, and exclusion of these items from our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per diluted share should not be construed as an inference that
these costs are unusual, infrequent, or non-recurring.       RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET INCOME TO NON-GAAP NET INCOME
       (unaudited)        
 
         43   

Table of Contents  

    RECONCILIATION OF GAAP REVENUE BY OPERATING SEGMENT TO    
   NON-GAAP EX-CURRENCY        (UNAUDITED)        
     RECONCILIATION OF GAAP REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA TO    
   NON-GAAP EX-CURRENCY        (UNAUDITED)        
 
         44   

Table of Contents  

    RECONCILIATION OF GAAP REVENUE   GROSS PROFIT BY OPERATING SEGMENT TO    
   NON-GAAP EX-CURRENCY        (UNAUDITED)        
    A reconciliation of our segment gross profit to our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:       
     RECONCILIATION OF GAAP OPERATING EXPENSES TO    
   NON-GAAP EX-CURRENCY        (UNAUDITED)        
 
         45   

Table of Contents  

    Liquidity and Capital Resources    
   Overview       Cash, cash equivalents, and
short-term investments decreased by $48.2 million to $449.1 million as of September 30, 2016 from $497.4 million as of December 31, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to cash consideration paid for the acquisition of Optitex and Rialco, net of
cash acquired, of $19.6 million, repayment of debt assumed through business acquisitions of $8.5 million, treasury stock purchases of $57.7 million, settlement of shares for employee common stock related tax liabilities and the stock option exercise
price of certain stock options of $7.6 million, cash payments for property and equipment of $17.6 million, funding $3.7 million in the restricted collateral account related to our synthetic lease, acquisition-related contingent consideration
payments of $1.9 million, partially offset by cash flows provided by operating activities of $55.8 million, proceeds from ESPP purchases and stock option exercises of $10.4 million, and the impact of foreign exchange rate changes of $2.2 million.
      
    Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments held outside of the U.S. in various foreign subsidiaries were $97.3
and $106.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, will be used to fund local operations and finance international acquisitions. If these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S., we would be required to accrue
and pay U.S. federal and state income taxes on some or all of these funds. However, our intent is to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside of the U.S. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our U.S.
operations.      Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and cash
generated from operating activities will satisfy our working capital, capital expenditure, investment, stock repurchase, commitments (see Note 8   Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), and other
liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations through at least the next twelve months. We believe that the most strategic uses of our cash resources include business acquisitions, strategic investments to gain access to new
technologies, repurchases of shares of our common stock, and working capital. At September 30, 2016, cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments available were $449.1 million. We believe that our liquidity position and capital resources are
sufficient to meet our operating and working capital needs.       Operating Activities    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our cash provided by operating activities was approximately $55.8 million.   
  Net cash provided by operating activities consists primarily of net income of $25.0 million and non-cash charges and credits of $73.3 million, partially
offset by the net change in operating assets and liabilities of $42.5 million. Non-cash charges and credits of $73.3 million consist primarily of $40.7 million in depreciation and amortization, $26.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, net
of cash settlements, non-cash accretion of interest expense of $10.0 million, provision for bad debts and sales-related allowances of $7.6 million, and provision for inventory obsolescence of $4.5 million, and other non-cash charges and credits of
$5.9 million, partially offset by deferred tax credits of $22.1 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities of $42.5 million consists primarily of increased gross accounts receivable of $27.7 million, increased other current assets
of $1.2 million, and decreased accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $19.8 million, partially offset by decreased taxes receivable, net, of $5.8 million and decreased gross inventories of $0.4 million.   
   Accounts Receivable       Our primary source
of operating cash flow is the collection of accounts receivable from our customers. One measure of the effectiveness of our collection efforts is average days sales outstanding for accounts receivable ( DSO ). DSOs were 83 and 69 days at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. We calculate DSO by dividing net accounts receivable at the end of the quarter by revenue recognized during the quarter, multiplied by the total days in the quarter.   
         46   

Table of Contents  

   DSOs increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with December 31, 2015, primarily
due to increased Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software revenue as a percentage of consolidated revenue, sales with extended payment terms, and a non-linear sales cycle resulting in significant billings at the end of the quarter. Industrial
Inkjet and Productivity Software were 74% and 70% of consolidated revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. By comparison, Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software were 64% of consolidated
revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      We expect DSOs to vary from period to period because of changes in the mix of
business between direct customers and end user demand driven through the leading printer manufacturers, the effectiveness of our collection efforts both domestically and overseas, and variations in the linearity of our sales. As the percentage of
Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software related revenue increases, we expect DSOs will trend higher. Our DSOs related to the Industrial Inkjet and Productivity Software operating segments are traditionally higher than those related to the
significant printer manufacturer customers / distributors in our Fiery operating segment as, historically, these Fiery customers have been granted shorter payment terms and have paid on a more timely basis.   
  We have facilities in the U.S. and Italy that enable us to sell to third parties, on an ongoing basis, certain trade receivables with recourse. Trade
receivables sold with recourse are generally short-term receivables with payment due dates of less than 10 days from date of sale, which are subject to a servicing obligation. We also have facilities in Spain and Italy that enable us to sell to
third parties, on an ongoing basis, certain trade receivables without recourse. Trade receivables sold without recourse are generally short-term receivables with payment due dates of less than one year, which are secured by international letters of
credit.      Trade receivables sold cumulatively under these facilities were $15.4 and $2.2 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 on a recourse and nonrecourse basis, respectively, which approximates the cash received. The receivables that were sold to third parties were removed from the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and were reflected as cash provided by operating
activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.       Inventories    
  Our inventories are procured primarily in support of the Industrial Inkjet and Fiery operating segments. The majority of our Industrial Inkjet products
are manufactured internally, while Fiery production is primarily outsourced. The result is lower inventory turnover for Industrial Inkjet inventories compared with Fiery inventories.      Our net inventories increased by $0.5 million to $106.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $106.4 million at December 31, 2015 primarily due to the acquisition of Rialco. Inventory turnover was 4.4 during
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared with 4.7 turns during the quarter ended December 31, 2015. We calculate inventory turnover by dividing annualized current quarter cost of revenue by ending inventories.   
   Investing Activities        Acquisitions
      On June 16, 2016, we purchased Optitex for cash consideration of $11.6 million, net of cash acquired, plus an additional potential future
cash earnout, which is contingent on achieving revenue and operating profit performance targets. Optitex has developed and markets integrated 2D and 3D design software that is shortening the design cycle, reducing our customers  costs, and
accelerating the adoption of fast fashion.      On March 1, 2016, we purchased Rialco for cash consideration of $8.4 million, net of cash
acquired, plus an additional potential future cash earnout, which is contingent on achieving revenue and gross profit targets. Rialco is a leading European supplier of dye powders and color products for the textile, digital print, and other
decorating industries.      The escrow of $1.5 million related to the Reggiani acquisition was remitted to us in return for the issuance of shares
of common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      A tax recovery liability of $1.0 million related to the Cretaprint
acquisition was paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.      On July 1, 2015, we acquired Matan for approximately $38.9 million in
cash, net of cash acquired.      On July 1, 2015, we acquired Reggiani for approximately $26.6 million in cash, net of cash acquired, $26.9
million in shares of EFI stock, plus an additional future potential cash earnout contingent on achieving certain performance targets.   
         47   

Table of Contents  

    Investments       Proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities, net of purchases, were $27.3 and $4.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We have classified our
investment portfolio as  available for sale.  Our investments are made with a policy of capital preservation and liquidity as primary objectives. We may hold investments in fixed income debt securities to maturity; however, we may sell an
investment at any time if the quality rating of the investment declines, the yield on the investment is no longer attractive, or we have better uses for the cash. Since we invest primarily in investment securities that are highly liquid with a ready
market, we believe the purchase, maturity, or sale of our investments has no material impact on our overall liquidity.       Property and
Equipment, Net       Our property and equipment additions have historically been funded from operating activities. Net purchases of property and
equipment were $17.6 and $13.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, including the purchase of aqueous single pass digital inkjet printer manufacturing and engineering equipment in the Americas and Spain.
      Financing Activities    
   Stock Option and ESPP Proceeds    
  Historically, our recurring cash flows provided by financing activities have been from the receipt of cash from the issuance of common stock through the
exercise of stock options and employee purchases of ESPP shares. We received proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $0.6 and $1.9 million and employee purchases of ESPP shares of $9.8 and $9.5 million during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. While we may continue to receive proceeds from these plans in future periods, the timing and amount of such proceeds are difficult to predict and are contingent on a number of factors including the price of our
common stock, the timing and number of stock options exercised by employees that had participated in these plans, net settlement options, employee participation in our ESPP, and general market conditions. We anticipate that cash provided from the
exercise of stock options will decline over time as we have shifted to issuance of RSUs, rather than stock options.       Treasury Stock
Purchases       The primary use of funds for financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $65.3 and $50.9
million, respectively, of cash used to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock. Such repurchases included $7.6 and $10.5 million used for net settlement of shares for the exercise price of certain stock options and any tax withholding
obligations incurred in connection with such exercises and tax withholding obligations that arose on the vesting of RSUs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
  On November 6, 2013, the board of directors approved the repurchase of $200 million of outstanding common stock. Under this publicly announced plan, we
repurchased 1.0 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $40.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.      On November
9, 2015, the board of directors cancelled $54.9 million remaining for repurchase under the 2013 authorization and approved a new authorization to repurchase $150 million of outstanding common stock commencing January 1, 2016. This authorization
expires December 31, 2018. We repurchased 1.4 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $57.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.       Earnout Payments       Earnout payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $1.9
million are primarily related to the previously accrued DirectSmile, SmartLinc, and Metrix contingent consideration liabilities. Earnout payments during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $2.9 million are primarily related to the previously
accrued Technique, Metrix, and SmartLinc contingent consideration liabilities.      We paid approximately $8.3 million of indebtedness, which was
assumed in the Optitex and Matan acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We paid approximately $22.5 million of indebtedness, which was assumed in the Reggiani acquisition during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
      Other Commitments       Our
Industrial Inkjet inventories consist of materials required for our internal manufacturing operations and finished goods and sub-assemblies purchased from third party contract manufacturers. Raw materials and finished goods, print heads, frames,
digital UV ink, ceramic digital ink, various textile printing inks, and other components are required to support our internal manufacturing operations. Label and packaging digital inkjet printers, solvent ink formulation, branded textile ink, and
certain sub-assemblies are purchased from third party contract manufacturers and branded third party ink manufacturers.   
         48   

Table of Contents  

   Our Fiery inventory consists primarily of raw materials and finished goods, memory subsystems, processors,
and ASICs, which are sold to third party contract manufacturers responsible for manufacturing our products. Should we decide to purchase components and manufacture Fiery DFEs internally, or should it become necessary for us to purchase and sell
components other than memory subsystems, processors, and ASICs to our contract manufacturers, inventory balances and potentially property and equipment would increase significantly, thereby reducing our available cash resources. Further, the
inventories we carry could become obsolete, thereby negatively impacting our financial condition and results of operations.      We are also
reliant on several sole source suppliers for certain key components and could experience a further significant negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations if such supplies were reduced or not available. We may be required to
compensate our subcontract manufacturers for components purchased for orders subsequently cancelled by us. We periodically review the potential liability and the adequacy of the related allowance.   
  We may be required to compensate our subcontract manufacturers for components purchased for orders subsequently cancelled by us. We periodically review
the potential liability and the adequacy of the related allowance.       Indemnifications    
  In the normal course of business and in an effort to facilitate the sales of our products, we sometimes indemnify other parties, including customers,
lessors, and parties to other transactions with us. When we indemnify these parties, typically those provisions protect other parties against losses arising from our infringement of third party intellectual property rights or other claims made by
third parties arising from the use or distribution of our products. Those provisions often contain various limitations including limits on the amount of protection provided.      As permitted under Delaware law, pursuant to our bylaws, charter, and indemnification agreements with our current and former executive officers, directors, and general counsel, we are required, subject to
certain limited qualifications, to indemnify our executive officers, directors, and general counsel for certain events or occurrences while the executive officer, director, or general counsel is or was serving at our request in such capacity. The
indemnification period covers all pertinent events and occurrences during the executive officer s, director s, or general counsel s lifetime. The maximum potential future payments we may be obligated to make under these
indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, we have director and officer insurance coverage that limits our exposure and may enable us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid.       Legal Proceedings       Please refer to  Part II   Other Information, Item 1: Legal
Proceedings  in this Report for more information regarding our legal proceedings.       Synthetic Lease Arrangement    
  On August 26, 2016, we entered into a 48.5 year lease agreement, inclusive of two renewal options, with the City of Manchester to lease 16.9 acres
adjacent to the Manchester Regional Airport. This lease agreement is subject to a sublease agreement with BTMU during the term of the synthetic lease related to the manufacturing facility that is being constructed on the site. Minimum lease payments
are $13.3 million, excluding the portion financed into the synthetic lease related to the manufacturing facility. We are treated as the owner of the construction project for federal income tax purposes.   
  On August 26, 2016, we entered into a six-year synthetic lease with BTMU whereby a 225,000 square foot manufacturing and warehouse facility is under
construction related to our super-wide format industrial digital inkjet printer business in the Industrial Inkjet operating segment at a projected cost of $40 million and a construction period of 18 months. Minimum lease payments during the initial
term are $1.8 million. Upon completion of the initial term, we have the option to renew the lease, purchase the facility, or return the facility to BTMU subject to an 89% residual value guarantee under which we would recognize additional rent
expense in the form of a variable rent payment. We have assessed our exposure in relation to the residual value guarantee and believe that there is no deficiency to the guaranteed value with respect to funds expended by BTMU as of September 30,
2016.      The funds pledged under the lease represent 115% of the total expenditures made by BTMU through September 30, 2016. The funds are
invested in $3.1 and $0.7 of million U.S. government securities and cash equivalents, respectively, with a third party trustee and will be restricted during the construction period. Upon completion of construction, the funds will be released as cash
and cash equivalents. The portion that represents 100% of the total expenditures made by BTMU will be deposited with BTMU and restricted as collateral until the end of the underlying synthetic lease period.   
   Contractual Obligations       Please refer to
Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Liquidity and Capital Resources   Contractual Obligations  presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K during the year ended
December 31, 2015.   
         49   

Table of Contents  

Item 3:   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk          Market Risk       We are exposed to various market risks. Market risk is the potential loss
arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, general credit, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, liquidity, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by the tight global credit market and increase in economic uncertainty
that have affected various sectors of the financial market and continue to cause credit and liquidity issues. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We may enter into financial instrument
contracts to manage and reduce the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on earnings and cash flows. The counterparties to such contracts are major financial institutions. We hedge our operating expense exposure in Indian rupees. The
notional amount of our Indian rupee cash flow hedge was $3.2 million at September 30, 2016. We hedge balance sheet remeasurement exposures using forward contracts not designated for hedge accounting treatment with notional amounts of $153.6 million
at September 30, 2016 consisting of hedges of Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Israeli shekel, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, and Euro-denominated intercompany balances with notional amounts of $84.6 million, hedges of
Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, and Euro-denominated trade receivables with notional amounts of $56.1 million, and hedges of British pounds sterling, Indian rupee, and Euro-denominated other net monetary
assets with notional amounts of $12.9 million.      Since Europe represents a significant portion of our revenue and cash flow, SEC encourages
disclosure of our European concentrations of credit risk regarding gross receivables, related reserves, and aging on a region or country basis, and the impact on liquidity with respect to estimated timing of receivable payments. Since Europe is
composed of varied countries and regional economies, our European risk profile is somewhat more diversified due to the varying economic conditions among the countries. Approximately 27 % of our receivables are with European customers as of September
30, 2016. Of this amount, 30% of our European receivables (8 % of consolidated net receivables) are in the higher risk southern European countries (mostly Italy, Spain, and Portugal), which are adequately reserved.   
   Marketable Securities       We maintain an
investment portfolio of short-term fixed income debt securities of various holdings, types, and maturities. These short-term investments are generally classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on our Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported as a separate component of OCI. We attempt to limit our exposure to interest rate risk by investing in securities with maturities of less than three years; however, we may be
unable to successfully limit our risk to interest rate fluctuations. At any time, a sharp rise in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our investment portfolio. Conversely, declines in interest rates could have a
material favorable impact on the fair value of our investment portfolio. Increases or decreases in interest rates could have a material impact on interest earnings related to new investments during the period. We do not currently hedge these
interest rate exposures.       Interest Rate Risk       Hypothetical changes in the fair values of financial instruments held by us at September 30, 2016 that are sensitive to changes in interest rates are presented below. The modeling technique measures the
change in fair value arising from selected potential changes in interest rates. Market changes reflect immediate hypothetical parallel shifts in the yield curve of plus or minus 100 basis points over a twelve month time horizon (in thousands):
      
    The SEC encourages the discussion of exposure to the uncertainty in the European economy. Specifically, European debt by
counterparty (i.e., sovereign and non-sovereign) and by country should be addressed. We have no European sovereign debt investments. Our European debt and investments consist of non-sovereign corporate debt securities of $30.7 million, which
represents 15% of our corporate debt instruments (10% of our short-term investments) at September 30, 2016. European debt investments are with corporations domiciled in the northern and central European countries of Sweden, Netherlands, Luxembourg,
Norway, France, and the U.K. We do not have any short-term investments with corporations domiciled in the higher risk  southern European  countries (i.e., Italy, Spain, Greece, and Portugal) or in Ireland. We believe that we do not have
significant exposure with respect to our money market and corporate debt investments in Europe.   
         50   

Table of Contents  

   As of September 30, 2016, we have $345 million principal amount of Notes outstanding. We carry these
instruments at face value less unamortized discount on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Since these instruments bear interest at fixed rates, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. Although the fair
value of these instruments fluctuates when interest rates change, a substantial portion of the market value of our Notes in excess of the outstanding principal amount relates to the conversion premium. Please refer to Note 5   Investments and
Fair Value Measurements and Note 6   Convertible Senior Notes, Note Hedges, and Warrants of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.       Foreign Currency Exchange Risk       A large portion of our business is conducted in countries
other than the U.S. We are primarily exposed to changes in exchange rates for the Euro, British pound sterling, Indian rupee, Japanese yen, Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Israeli shekel, New Zealand dollar, and Australian dollar. Although the
majority of our receivables are invoiced and collected in U.S. dollars, we have exposure from non-U.S. dollar-denominated sales (consisting of the Euro, British pound sterling, Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Israeli shekel, Australian dollar, and
Canadian dollar) and operating expenses (primarily the Euro, British pound sterling, Brazilian real, Chinese renminbi, Israeli shekel, Japanese yen, Indian rupee, and Australian dollar) in foreign countries. We can benefit from or be adversely
affected by either a weaker or stronger U.S. dollar relative to major currencies worldwide with respect to our condensed consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, we can benefit from a stronger U.S. dollar due to the corresponding reduction in
our foreign operating expenses translated in U.S. dollars and at the same time we can be adversely affected by a stronger U.S. dollar due to the corresponding reduction in foreign revenue translated in U.S. dollars.   
  We hedge our operating expense exposure in Indian rupees. The notional amount of our Indian rupee cash flow hedge was $3.2 million at September 30, 2016.
We hedge balance sheet remeasurement exposures using forward contracts not designated for hedge accounting treatment with notional amounts of $153.6 million at September 30, 2016 consisting of hedges of Brazilian real, British pound sterling,
Israeli shekel, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese renminbi, and Euro-denominated intercompany balances with notional amounts of $84.6 million, hedges of Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar, and
Euro-denominated trade receivables with notional amounts of $56.1 million, and hedges of British pounds sterling, Indian rupee, and Euro-denominated other net monetary assets with notional amounts of $12.9 million.   
  The impact of hypothetical changes in foreign exchanges rates on revenue and income from operations are presented below. The modeling technique measures
the change in revenue and income from operations resulting from changes in selected foreign exchange rates with respect to the Euro and British pound sterling of plus or minus one percent during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as follows
(in thousands):       

Item   4:   
   Controls and Procedures          Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures       As of the quarter ended September 30, 2016, under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule
15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial and accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016 to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified
in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial and accounting officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   
   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting       During the third quarter of 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal controls over financial reporting.   
         51   

Table of Contents  

      PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1:   
   Legal Proceedings          We may be involved,
from time to time, in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations, or proceedings relating to contractual disputes, securities laws, intellectual property rights, employment, or other matters that may arise in the normal course of business. We
assess our potential liability in each of these matters by using the information available to us. We develop our views on estimated losses in consultation with inside and outside counsel, which involves a subjective analysis of potential results and
various combinations of appropriate litigation and settlement strategies. We accrue estimated losses from contingencies if a loss is deemed probable and can be reasonably estimated.       As of September 30, 2016, we are subject to the matter discussed below.        MDG Matter
       EFI acquired Matan in 2015 from sellers (the  2015 Sellers ) that acquired Matan Digital Printing Ltd. from other sellers in
2001 (the  2001 Sellers ). The 2001 Sellers have asserted a claim against the 2015 Sellers and Matan asserting that they are entitled to a portion of the 2015 Sellers  proceeds from EFI s acquisition. The 2015 Sellers dispute
this claim and have agreed to indemnify EFI against the 2001 Sellers  claim.      Although we are fully indemnified and we do not believe
that it is probable that we will incur a loss, it is reasonably possible that our financial statements could be materially affected by the unfavorable resolution of this matter. Accordingly, it is reasonably possible that we could incur a material
loss in this matter. We estimate the range of loss to be between one dollar and $9.6 million. If we incur a loss in this matter, it will be offset by a receivable of an equal amount representing a claim for indemnification against the escrow account
established in connection with the Matan acquisition.       Other Matters       As of September 30, 2016, we were subject to various other claims, lawsuits, investigations, and proceedings in addition to the matter discussed above. There is at least a reasonable possibility that
additional losses may be incurred in excess of the amounts that we have accrued. However, we believe that these claims are not material to our financial statements or the range of reasonably possible losses is not reasonably estimable. Litigation is
inherently unpredictable, and while we believe that we have valid defenses with respect to legal matters pending against us, our financial statements could be materially affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more
of these contingencies or because of the diversion of management s attention and the incurrence of significant expenses.       

Item 1A:   
   Risk Factors         In addition to information
regarding risk factors that appears in  Management s Discussion and Analysis   Forward-looking Statements  in Part I, Item 2, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I,
Item 1A, and Part II, Items 7 and 7A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ), which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results. The risks described
herein and in our 2015 Form 10-K are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and/or
operating results.   
         52   

Table of Contents  

Item 2:   
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds         Our stock repurchases during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 are as follows (in thousands, except for per share amounts):       Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities        

(2)  
  Includes 0.1 million shares purchased from employees to satisfy the exercise price of certain stock options and any tax withholding obligations incurred in connection
with such exercises and minimum tax withholding obligations that arose on the vesting of RSUs.         

Item 3:   
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities         None.

Item 4:   
   Mine Safety Disclosure         Not applicable.

Item 5:   
   Other Information         Not applicable.

Item 6:   
   Exhibits          

No.    
      
     Description     

3.1  
      
  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1)   

3.2  
      
  Amended and Restated Bylaws of Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (as amended August 12, 2009) (2)   

12.1  
      
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges   

31.1  
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2  
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.1  
      
  Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Chief Financial Officer
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS  
      
  XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

(1)  
  Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-57382) and incorporated herein by reference.     
 
         53   

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   

ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING, INC.   

Date: October 31, 2016  

/s/ Guy Gecht    

Guy Gecht   

Chief Executive Officer  
  (Principal Executive Officer)    

Date: October 31, 2016  

/s/ Marc Olin    

Marc Olin   

Chief Financial Officer  
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    
 
         54   

Table of Contents  

    EXHIBIT INDEX        

No.    
      
     Description     

3.1  
      
  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (1)   

3.2  
      
  Amended and Restated Bylaws of Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (as amended August 12, 2009) (2)   

12.1  
      
  Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges   

31.1  
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2  
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.1  
      
  Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Chief Financial Officer
Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS  
      
  XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

(1)  
  Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 33-57382) and incorporated herein by reference.     
 
         55   

<EX-12.1>
 2
 d234310dex121.htm
 EX-12.1

EX-12.1 

Exhibit 12.1        Electronics For Imaging, Inc.        Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed
Charges        (in thousands, except for ratio of earnings to fixed charges)    

(1)  
  The representative interest portion of rental expense was deemed to be one-third of all rental expense, except for the rental expense related to the off-balance sheet
financing leases, which was deemed to be all interest. The off-balance sheet financing leases were terminated effective November 1, 2012.     

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d234310dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1        CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER        PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002       I, Guy Gecht, certify that:      1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Electronics For Imaging, Inc.;      2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;      3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d234310dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2        CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER        PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002       I, Marc Olin, certify that:      1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Electronics For Imaging, Inc.;      2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;      3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
     d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and      b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d234310dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1        CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER        PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
       AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to
such officer s knowledge, that:      (i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and      (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   
   
     CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER        PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350        AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002       Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to
such officer s knowledge, that:      (i) the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and      (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 efii-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 efii-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 efii-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 efii-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 efii-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 efii-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

