<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1088856_0001564590-16-026776_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3318541</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>158797</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>140677</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>852115</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1013008</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>718598</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>14</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-026776.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101181854
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-026776
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001088856
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				770487658
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50679
		FILM NUMBER:		161965882

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		149 COMMONWEALTH DRIVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650.688.8803

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		149 COMMONWEALTH DRIVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-026776.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 cort-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

cort-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 or 

For the transition period from             to              
 Commission File Number: 
 000-50679 
   
 CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
 (Exact Name of Corporation as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware  
 
 77-0487658  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

149 Commonwealth Drive 
 Menlo Park, CA 94025 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
   
 (650) 327-3270 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one.) 

Large Accelerated Filer  

Accelerated Filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller Reporting Company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 On October 28, 2016, there were 111,031,762 shares of common stock outstanding at a par value of $0.001 per share. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

3  

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

3  

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS    

3  

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS  )  

4  

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    

5  

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

6  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

13  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

18  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

18  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

19  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

19  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS    

19  

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

35  

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

35  

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

35  

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION    

35  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS    

36  

SIGNATURES    

37  

2 

PART I. FINANC  IAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

 CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED 
     CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

3 

CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  
     CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

4 

CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  
     CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

5 
 
    CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED   
     NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 
 Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated was incorporated in the State of Delaware in May 1998, and our headquarters are located in Menlo Park, California. We are a pharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of medications that treat severe metabolic, oncologic, and psychiatric disorders by modulating the effect of the stress hormone cortisol. In 2012, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Korlym    (mifepristone) 300 mg tablets as a once-daily oral medication for treatment of hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in adult patients with endogenous Cushing s syndrome who have type 2 diabetes mellitus or glucose intolerance and have failed surgery or are not candidates for surgery. We have discovered and patented three structurally distinct series of selective cortisol modulators, consisting of more than 300 compounds, and we are developing them to treat a broad range of disorders. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed balance sheet as of September 30, 2016 and the condensed statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the condensed statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or any other period. These financial statements and notes should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from audited financial statements at that date. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis, including those related to revenue recognition, inventory, accrued liabilities including our bonus accrual, clinical trial accruals, stock-based compensation and the timing of payments with respect to our long-term capped royalty obligation, which determines our interest expense. We base our estimates on relevant experience and on other specific assumptions that we believe are reasonable. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 We categorize financial instruments in a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the information used to develop assumptions for measuring fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 input), then to quoted prices in non-active markets or in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, and inputs that are not directly observable, but that are corroborated by observable market data for the asset or liability (Level 2 input), then the lowest priority to unobservable inputs, for example, our own data about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability (Level 3 input). Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement, and a fair value measurement should therefore be based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are carried at fair value as measured using Level 1 inputs, which approximates cost. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of our funds were held in checking and money market fund accounts maintained at major U.S. financial institutions. 
 6 
 
 CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued  
   
    Inventory  
 We value our inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We determine the cost of inventory using the specific identification method, which approximates a first-in, first-out basis. We write down inventory that has become obsolete or has a cost basis in excess of its expected net realizable value. Any expired inventory is disposed of and the related costs are recognized as cost of sales in the statement of comprehensive income (loss). 
 Inventory amounts that are not expected to be consumed within 12 months following the balance sheet date are classified as strategic inventory, a noncurrent asset. 
 We expense the manufacturing costs for product candidates incurred prior to regulatory approval as research and development expense as we incur them. We begin capitalizing costs related to the manufacture of a product candidate when we obtain regulatory approval to begin marketing that product.  
 Long-term Obligation 
 In August 2012, we entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement (Financing Agreement) with Biopharma Secured Debt Fund II Sub, S.  r.l (Biopharma), a private limited liability company organized under the laws of Luxembourg. Under the terms of the Financing Agreement, we received $30.0 million from Biopharma, which upon receipt we recorded as a long-term obligation. In return, we are obligated to make payments to Biopharma totaling $45.0 million. These payments equal a percentage of (i) our net product sales, which include sales from any product containing mifepristone or any of our proprietary selective cortisol modulators (Covered Products) and (ii) cash or cash equivalents received from any licensing transaction or co-promotion arrangement involving Covered Products, including any upfront or milestone payments, if any (together, Korlym Receipts). Once we have paid Biopharma a total of $45.0 million, no more payments will be due and the obligation will be extinguished. 
 We recognize a portion of each quarterly payment under the Financing Agreement as interest expense, which we determine by calculating the interest rate to Biopharma implied by the stream of quarterly payments we expect to make. The amount shown on our balance sheet as the current portion is an estimate of the amount we expect to repay Biopharma in the 12 months following September 30, 2016. We record the balance of the outstanding portion of the obligation, if any, as a long-term liability. 
 Our estimate of the amount and timing of our quarterly payments to Biopharma is subject to uncertainty and may change.  Any changes in our assumed payment stream will change the accretion of interest expense and our split between the current and long-term portions of the obligation, although the total we will pay Biopharma is fixed at $45.0 million. 
 See Note 3,  Long-Term Obligation , for additional information regarding this agreement. 
 Net Product Sales 
 We primarily sell Korlym directly to patients through Dohmen Life Science Services (Dohmen), a specialty pharmacy. Prior authorization and confirmation of coverage by the patients  private or government insurance plan or by a third-party charity is a prerequisite for Dohmen to ship Korlym to a patient. We recognize revenue upon the delivery of Korlym to these patients. 
 We recognize revenue from sales of Korlym upon delivery to patients as long as (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists between ourselves and the customer, (ii) collectability is reasonably assured and (iii) the price is fixed or determinable. Prior authorization or confirmation of coverage level by the patient s private insurance plan or government payor is a prerequisite to the shipment of Korlym to a patient.  In order to conclude that the price is fixed or determinable, we must be able to (i) calculate gross product revenues from the sales to our customers and (ii) reasonably estimate net product revenues. 
 Effective January 1, 2016, we recognize sales to our specialty distributor (SD) at the time of sale to the SD. Before that date, we did not recognize these sales until the SD had in turn sold to its customers.  Sales to the SD were less than two percent of our revenue in each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 We donate cash to the National Organization for Rare Disorders ( NORD ), an independent non-profit organization that helps patients with financial need pay for the treatment of Cushing s syndrome. We do not include in revenue payments we receive from NORD. 
 7 
 
 CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued  
   
    We calculate gross product revenues based on the price we charge our customers. We estimate our net product revenues by deducting from our gross product revenues   (a) estimated government rebates and chargebacks, (b) estimate  d costs of our patient co-pay assistance program,   (  c  ) trade allowances, such as discounts for prompt payment   and (d  ) reserves for expected product returns.  We initially record estimates for these deductions at the time we recognize the gross revenue. We u  pdate our estimates as new information becomes available.  
 Rebates and Chargebacks:   We contract with Medicaid and other government agencies so that Korlym will be eligible for purchase by, or qualify for partial or full reimbursement from, Medicaid and other government programs. We estimate our rebate and chargeback amounts by applying the discount rates applicable to each government-funded program against our sales to patients covered by such programs.  
 Allowances for Patient Assistance Program:   We provide financial assistance to eligible patients whose insurance policies require them to pay high deductibles and co-payments. We calculate the cost of assistance by applying our program guidelines to the eligible sales in the period.  
 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses consist of direct expenses, such as the cost of discovery research, pre-clinical studies, and clinical trials relating to our portfolio of proprietary, selective cortisol modulators, manufacturing development, preparations for submissions to the FDA or other regulatory agencies and related overhead expenses. We expense nonrefundable payments to third-parties as well as the cost of technologies and materials used in research and development as they are incurred. 
 We base our cost accruals for research, preclinical activities, and clinical trials on estimates of work completed under service agreements, milestones achieved, patient enrollment and past experience with similar contracts. Our estimates of work completed and associated cost accruals include our assessments of information from third-party contract research organizations and the overall status of clinical trial and other development and administrative activities.  
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for stock-based compensation related to option grants under the fair value method, based on the value of the award at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option valuation model and we recognize expense over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. 
 We recognize the expense of options granted to non-employees based on the fair-value based measurement of the option grants at the time of vesting. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncement 
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.    The standard states that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date,  which deferred the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09. ASU No. 2014-09 will now be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and can be adopted on a full retrospective basis or on a modified retrospective basis . Early application is permitted in 2017.   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations,  which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations .  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,  which clarifies certain aspects of identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance . I n May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,  related to disclosures of remaining performance obligations, as well as other amendments to guidance on collectability, non-cash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes collected from customers.  We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of these standards on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15 (Subtopic 205-40),  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern: Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ), which provides guidance about management's responsibility to evaluate whether or not there is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, ending after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. The adoption of this standard had no impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 
 
 CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued  
   
    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs (ASU 2015-03), whic  h requires an entity to present such costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal y  ears beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The new guidance will be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented.   The Company retrospectively adopted ASU 2015-03 as of Janu  ary 1, 2016, resulting in a   $35,000   decrease to long-term assets and long-term debt as of   December 31, 2015 on its consolidated balance sheets.  The adoption of   this standard   had no impact   on     our   Condensed Statement o  f Comprehensive Income (Loss).    
 In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (ASU 2015-11), which simplifies the measurement of inventory by requiring certain inventory to be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods therein, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect adoption of this standard to have an impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17 (ASU 2015-17) "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes." ASU 2015-17 requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. Previous guidance required deferred tax liabilities and assets to be separated into current and noncurrent amounts on the balance sheet. The guidance will become effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2017 and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. At the time of adoption, we will reclassify current deferred tax amounts on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as noncurrent. As we have a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets for all periods presented, the adoption is not expected to have a material impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases  (ASU 2016-02), which increases transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing all lease transactions (with terms in excess of 12 months) on the balance sheet as a lease liability and a right-of-use asset (as defined). ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with earlier application permitted. Upon adoption, the lessee will apply the new standard retrospectively to all periods presented or retrospectively using a cumulative effect adjustment in the year of adoption. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (ASU 2016-09), which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions. The guidance will be effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that year. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice.  The guidance will be effective for the fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that year .  We do not expect adoption of this standard to have an impact on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

2. Composition of Certain Balance Sheet Items 
 Inventory 
 The composition of inventory was as follows: 

9 
 
 CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued  
   
    We have one     manufacturer for mifepristone, the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) in Korlym   Produits Chimiques Auxiliaires et de Synth se SA (PCAS)         and one tablet manufacturer for Korlym     A  lcami Corporation   (  formerly known as   AAI Pharma Services Corp  .  ). If   either of these companies is unable to manufacture API or Korlym tablets in the quantities and time frames we require, we may not be able to meet customer demand. In order to mitigate thes  e risks, we purchase and hold as  Strategic Inventory  additional quantities of API and Korlym tablets that we do not expect to consume within 12 months following the relevant balance sheet date.  
 Other Accrued Liabilities 
 Other accrued liabilities consisted of the following: 

3. Long-Term Obligation 
 As discussed in Note 1,  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Long-term Obligation , under the Financing Agreement with Biopharma we make payments to Biopharma calculated as a percentage of our Korlym Receipts. Biopharma s right to receive payments will expire once it has received $45.0 million. Through September 30, 2016, we have paid Biopharma $25.4 million, with an additional payment of $4.4 million made in October 2016.  We expect to fully repay this obligation in 2017. 
 Under the terms of the Financing Agreement, our payments are variable, with no fixed minimums. If there are no net sales, upfront, milestone or other contingent payments in a period with respect to Covered Products, then no payment will be due for that period. 
 We are obligated to make payments as follows: 

20 percent of our net sales of Covered Products.     

20 percent of payments received for upfront, milestone or other contingent fees under co-promotion and out-license agreements for Covered Products.     

The percentage used to calculate our payments will increase to 50 percent if we (i) fail to provide Biopharma with certain information regarding our promotion and sales of Covered Products, (ii) do not devote a commercially reasonable amount of resources to the promotion and marketing of the Covered Products or (iii) incur indebtedness greater than the sum of our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and non-cash stock-based compensation, for the four calendar quarters preceding such incurrence and, in each case, fail to cure within the applicable cure period.     

If there is a Corcept change of control transaction or we license Korlym to a third-party for promotion and sale in the United States, the entire $45.0 million, less any amounts already paid, will become due.     

 To secure our obligations in connection with the Financing Agreement, we granted Biopharma a security interest in our rights in patents, trademarks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, know-how and regulatory approvals related to the Covered Products, all books and records relating to the foregoing and all proceeds of the foregoing (together, the Collateral). If we (i) fail to deliver a royalty payment when due and do not remedy that failure within 30 days, (ii) fail to maintain a first-priority perfected security interest in the Collateral in the United States and do not remedy that failure within five business days of receiving notice of such failure or (iii) become subject to an event of bankruptcy, then Biopharma may attempt to recover up to $45.0 million (after deducting any payments we have already made). In addition, we may not pay a dividend or other cash distribution unless we will have more than $50.0 million in cash and cash equivalents after we make such payment. 
 10 
 
 CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued  
   
    As discussed in Note 1,   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Long-t  erm Obligation  , we recognize a portion of each quarterly payment to Biopharma as interest expense, which we determine by calculating the interest rate to Biopharma implied by the stream of payments we expect to make under the Financing Agreement. We recogn  ize the non-interest portion of each payment as a reduction in our obligation to Biopharma. The current portion of the obligation is the amount we expect to pay, exclusive of interest expense, during the next 12 months.   The actual amount of each quarterly   payment will be based on Korlym Receipts in that quarter and may differ from our estimate.   Management s estimate of the future product revenue is subject to uncertainty because Korlym Receipts are difficult to predict.   While changes in the timing of Korlym   Receipts may affect the recognition of interest expense and the split between the current and long-term portions of the obligation at any balance sheet date, the total we will pay Biopharma is fixed at $45.0 million.  
 We recorded interest expense of $455,000 and $1.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $698,000 and $2.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, and total accreted interest of $14.2 million for the period from August 2012 through September 30, 2016.   
 The following table provides a summary of the payment obligations under the Financing Agreement as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, utilizing the payment assumptions discussed above. 

We capitalized $140,000 of issuance costs related to the Financing Agreement, which are being amortized over the estimated term of the obligation, based on the assumptions discussed above. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the unamortized issuance costs were approximately $19,000 and $35,000, respectively, and are included in long-term obligation, netted against debt on our balance sheets, pursuant to ASU 2015-03.  

4.   Lease   obligations 
 In July 2015, we exercised our option to extend the lease for our office space through December 2016. We subsequently amended the lease agreement in February 2016 to extend the lease through 2019 and to add additional space. In March 2016, we early terminated the lease and replaced it with a new lease effective May 1, 2016 through March 31, 2019. Rent expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $246,000 and $158,000, respectively. Rent expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $639,000 and $474,000, respectively.  
 As of September 30, 2016, future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases were as follows: 

11 
 
 CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued  
   
    5  . Stock Option Plans  
 We have two stock option plans   the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2004 Plan) and the 2012 Incentive Award Plan (the 2012 Plan) with stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016. On February 26, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of approximately 4.4 million shares in the number of shares available for issuance under the 2012 Plan, which was 4% of the shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2015, pursuant to the terms of the 2012 Plan. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued an aggregate of 1,239,000 shares of our common stock upon the exercise of stock options. 
 The following table provides a summary of stock-based compensation. 

6. Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
 Basic net income (loss) per share is computed using net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period.  Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period plus potential outstanding common shares for the period.  Potential outstanding common stock includes stock options, but only to the extent that their inclusion is dilutive. 
 The following table shows the computation of net income (loss) per share for each period, including the number of weighted-average shares outstanding. 

The following table presents information on securities outstanding as of the end of each period that could potentially dilute the per share data in the future. 

12 

ITEM 2.   
 
        MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND     ANALYSIS OF   FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Management Discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. We make statements in this section that are forward-looking within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of such forward-looking statements and the potential risks and uncertainties that may affect their accuracy, see  Forward-Looking Statements  included in  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q and the  Overview  and  Liquidity and Capital Resources  sections of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Overview 
 Corcept is engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of drugs that treat severe metabolic, oncologic and psychiatric disorders by modulating the effects of the hormone cortisol. Elevated levels and abnormal release patterns of cortisol are implicated in a broad range of human disorders. Since our inception in 1998, we have been developing mifepristone, a compound that modulates the effects of cortisol by acting as a competitive antagonist at the glucocorticoid receptor (GR). We have also discovered three structurally distinct series of proprietary, selective cortisol modulators, all of which share mifepristone s affinity for GR but, unlike mifepristone, do not bind to the progesterone receptor and so do not cause effects associated with progesterone receptor antagonism. Both pre-clinical and clinical development of the lead compounds from these series are in progress. 
 In 2012, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Korlym    (mifepristone) 300 mg tablets as a once-daily oral medication for the treatment of hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in adult patients with endogenous Cushing s syndrome who have type 2 diabetes mellitus or glucose intolerance and have failed surgery or are not candidates for surgery. 
 We are conducting a Phase 1/2 trial of mifepristone in combination with the chemotherapy drug eribulin (Halaven   ) to treat patients with metastatic, triple-negative breast cancer   a form of solid-tumor cancer with a particularly poor prognosis. Enrollment in this trial is complete. We expect to release top-line results of this trial in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
 We are conducting two clinical trials of our proprietary selective cortisol modulator, CORT125134. One trial is investigating CORT125134 as a potential treatment for patients with Cushing s syndrome. The second trial is investigating the combination of CORT125134 and anti-cancer agents as a treatment for patients with a variety of solid-tumor cancers. Both trials are currently enrolling patients.   
 We are advancing other compounds from our portfolio of selective cortisol modulators towards the clinic and expect to begin clinical trials of two or more of them in 2017. 
 Cushing s Syndrome 
 Background .  Cushing s syndrome is caused by prolonged exposure of the body s tissues to high levels of the stress hormone cortisol. It is relatively uncommon and most often affects adults aged 20 to 50. An estimated 10 to 15 of every one million people are newly diagnosed with this syndrome each year, resulting in approximately 3,000 new patients and an estimated prevalence of 20,000 patients with Cushing s syndrome in the United States.  
 Symptoms vary, but most people with Cushing s syndrome have one or more of the following manifestations: high blood sugar, diabetes, high blood pressure, upper body obesity, rounded face, increased fat around the neck, thinning arms and legs, severe fatigue and weak muscles. Irritability, anxiety, cognitive disturbances and depression are also common. Cushing s syndrome can affect every organ system in the body and can be lethal if not treated effectively. The preferred treatment for Cushing s syndrome patients is surgery, which, if successful, can cure the disease. In approximately half of the patients, surgery is not successful, either because the tumor cannot be removed completely or the disease returns. 
 Korlym to Treat Patients with Cushing s Syndrome . We received Orphan Drug designation from the FDA in 2007 for Korlym for the treatment of patients with endogenous Cushing s syndrome. Drugs that receive Orphan Drug designation receive seven years of marketing exclusivity for the approved indication from the date of drug approval, as well as tax credits for clinical trial costs, marketing application filing fee waivers and assistance from the FDA in the drug development process.  
 We first made Korlym available to patients on a commercial basis in April 2012. We sell Korlym using experienced sales representatives, who target the approximately 1,500 endocrinologists who care for a large portion of the patients with Cushing s syndrome. We also reach patients directly through web-based initiatives and interactions with patient groups. Because a large percentage of the people who suffer from Cushing s syndrome remain undiagnosed or are inadequately treated, we have developed and continue to refine and expand programs to educate the medical community and patients about diagnosis of this syndrome and to increase awareness regarding the role of cortisol modulators to treat the disease. In addition, we have a field-based force of medical science liaisons. 
 13 

We use a specialty pharmacy and a specialty distributor to distribute Korlym and provide logistical support. We have retained a vendor to help patients with the reimbursement process and to administer our financial assistanc  e programs for uninsured or under-insured patients. We donate money to independent charitable foundations. These organizations, along with our own programs, help us ensure that no Cushing s syndrome patient is denied access to Korlym for financial reasons.  
 Development of CORT125134 to Treat Patients with Cushing s Syndrome .  In the second quarter of 2016, we began a Phase 2 trial of our proprietary, selective cortisol modulator, CORT125134, to treat patients with Cushing s syndrome. CORT125134 shares Korlym s affinity for GR. Data from the compound s Phase 1 trial showed that it can potently modulate the effects of the steroid prednisone, a commonly-used GR agonist, on serum osteocalcin, white blood cell counts, glucose metabolism and expression of the protein FKBP5   a genetic marker of GR activation. Modulating the effect of prednisone is important, because it is a strong surrogate for Korlym s modulation of cortisol   the essential quality of an effective treatment for patients with Cushing s syndrome. Phase 1 pharmacokinetic data indicate that CORT125134 is suitable for once-daily oral dosing.  
 Oncology 
 Background .  There is substantial in vitro, in vivo and clinical evidence that cortisol s binding to GR allows certain solid-tumor cancers to resist treatment. In some cancers, such as triple-negative breast cancer, cortisol activity at GR promotes tumor growth. After binding to GR, cortisol stimulates genes that retard cellular apoptosis. Cortisol also suppresses the body s immune response. Suppression of the body s immune response is often beneficial, as it lessens the frequency of autoimmune diseases. However, activating, not suppressing, the body s immune system is beneficial in fighting certain cancers. When a patient undergoes chemotherapy that is intended to promote apoptosis in tumor cells, cortisol s anti-apoptotic effect is counterproductive. Our expectation is that adding a cortisol modulator to a patient s treatment regimen will also help the patient s own immune system combat the disease.  
 Our research has shown that a range of tumor-types express GR and are potential targets for cortisol modulation therapy, among them triple-negative breast, ovarian, prostate, cervical, and pancreatic cancers, as well as sarcoma and melanoma. 
 Development of Korlym to Treat Patients with Solid-Tumor Cancers . In January 2014, we began a Phase 1/2 trial of Korlym in combination with eribulin to treat metastatic triple-negative breast cancer. ( Eribulin  is the generic name of Eisai Inc. s drug Halaven.) Approximately 40,000 women are diagnosed with this type of cancer each year. There is no FDA-approved treatment and neither a targeted treatment nor a preferred standard chemotherapy regimen for metastatic triple-negative breast cancer patients exists. Our research indicates that more than 75 percent of the tumors in patients with this disease express GR and so may respond to therapy that includes a cortisol modulator. We completed enrollment in the efficacy phase of this Phase 1/2 trial in the second quarter of 2016.  
 Investigators at the University of Chicago have initiated a double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter Phase 2 study of Korlym in combination with nab-paclitaxel (Celgene s drug, Abraxane   ) to treat 64 patients with advanced, GR-positive triple-negative breast cancer.    University of Chicago investigators are also leading a randomized, controlled multicenter Phase 2 study of Korlym combined with the androgen deprivation agent enzalutamide (Medivation s drug, Xtandi   ) versus enzalutamide monotherapy to treat 84 patients with metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer.  The investigators  hypothesis is that adding cortisol modulation to androgen deprivation therapy will better suppress tumor growth. We are providing Korlym for both trials. 
 We have licensed patents from the University of Chicago covering the use of cortisol modulators in combination with anti-cancer agents to treat triple-negative breast cancer and with androgen deprivation agents to treat castration-resistant prostate cancer.  
 CORT125134 to Treat Patients with Solid-Tumor Cancers . We are conducting an open-label Phase 1/2 trial of CORT125134 in combination with anti-cancer agents to treat a range of solid-tumor cancers. The trial s initial phase is studying the combination of nab-paclitaxel and CORT125134 to treat any solid-tumor cancer suitable for treatment with nab-paclitaxel (Celgene s drug, Abraxane   ). Once we identify a recommended dose of the CORT125134/nab-paclitaxel combination, we plan to open one or more expansion cohorts, each containing 20 patients, to test the combination s efficacy in one or more of the solid-tumor cancers studied in the dose-finding phase. Possible target indications include triple-negative breast cancer, castration-resistant prostate cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer and cervical cancer. We may choose to open additional dose-finding cohorts to study CORT125134 in combination with different companion therapeutic agents, including immunotherapy, to treat other solid-tumor cancers.  
 Our Proprietary, Selective Cortisol Modulators 
   CORT125134 is the lead compound in our portfolio of proprietary selective cortisol modulators, which consists of three structurally distinct series. All of these compounds, like Korlym, potently block GR but do not block the progesterone, estrogen or androgen receptors.  In addition to our findings with CORT125134, several of our new compounds have demonstrated positive results in animal or in vitro models of various indications, including but not limited to the prevention and reversal of alcohol dependence; Alzheimer s disease; post-traumatic stress disorder; electroconvulsive-induced retrograde amnesia; amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS or Lou Gehrig s Disease); muscular dystrophy; prevention of glucocorticoid-induced neurological damage in premature infants; anti- 
 14 

psychotic-induced weight gain; fatty liver disease; metabolic syndrome; obesity; and breast, ovarian and prostate cancer (in combination with an anti-cancer agent). We are advancing the most promising of these compounds   towards the clinic and expect to begin clinical trials of two or more of them in 2017.   
 The United States Patent   Trademark Office (USPTO) and the European Patent Office (EPO) have issued to us composition of matter patents related to these compounds.  In addition, we own or have exclusively-licensed patents for the use of all cortisol modulators (including Korlym) in a broad range of disorders. 
 Financing update 
 Before Korlym generated revenue, we supported our operations primarily with proceeds from public and private sales of our equity securities and funds from our Biopharma Financing Agreement. Revenues from the sale of Korlym have substantially increased since the medication s approval in 2012 and now fully support our operations. Based on the anticipated increase in revenues from Korlym and our current development plans, which include funding our Cushing s syndrome commercial operations, completing our Phase 1/2 study of Korlym for the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer and (if that study produces positive results) conducting a Phase 3 study, conducting two clinical trials of CORT125134, one in Cushing syndrome and another in solid tumor cancers, and advancing to the clinic at least two more of our next generation compounds, we expect to remain cash-flow breakeven without needing to raise additional funds. However, we may choose to raise additional funds to finance strategic priorities. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $326.9 million. We have historically incurred operating losses due to the cost of our research and development activities, including clinical trial activities for Korlym and our selective cortisol modulators, discovery research, non-clinical activities such as toxicology and carcinogenicity studies, manufacturing and regulatory activities, as well as selling, general and administrative expenses, including expenses related to the commercialization of Korlym, offset by our net product revenue. We may incur further losses as we continue our discovery and clinical development programs, apply for regulatory approvals, develop or acquire medications in other therapeutic areas, and expand our sales, marketing and administrative capabilities. 
 Results of Operations 
 Net Product Revenue    Net product revenue is gross product revenue from sales to our customers less deductions for estimated government rebates and chargebacks.  
 Net product revenue was $21.7 million and $57.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $13.3 million and $35.3 million in the corresponding periods in 2015. This increase was primarily driven by the increase in our sales volume and price increases. 
 Cost of sales    Cost of sales includes the cost of API, tableting and packaging, indirect personnel and overhead costs, and the cost of stability testing and distribution.  
 Cost of sales was $668,000 and $1.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $256,000 and $997,000 in the corresponding periods in 2015. Cost of sales increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to greater sales volumes. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, cost of sales was 3.1 percent and 2.6 percent, respectively, of our net product revenue, as compared to 1.9 percent and 2.8 percent in the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in cost of sales in the third quarter of 2016 as a percentage of net product revenue was due to a one-time expenditure at one of our manufacturers. 
 Research and development expenses    Research and development expenses include the cost of (1) personnel engaged in development activities, including stock-based compensation, (2) clinical trials, including trial preparation, enrollment, site monitoring and data management and analysis expenses, (3) acquisition of clinical trial materials and material used in registration and validation batches included in regulatory submissions prior to product approval, (4) manufacturing development, including the development and activities to qualify a tablet manufacturing site, (5) discovery research and pre-clinical studies, (6) regulatory activities, and (7) the preparation and prosecution of the regulatory submissions related to Korlym and our other product candidates.  
 Research and development expenses increased approximately 95.3 percent to $7.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.6 million for the comparable period in 2015. Research and development expenses increased approximately 53.2 percent to $17.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $11.3 million for the comparable period in 2015.  The increase in expenses was due primarily to increased spending on the advancement of CORT125134, which entered clinical trials in patients in the second quarter of 2016, as well as increased compensation expense due to our hiring of additional clinical employees.   
 15 

Below is a summary of our research and development expenses by major project:  

We expect our research and development expenditures in the remainder of 2016 and beyond to increase as we conduct additional pre-clinical and clinical trials, advance our current clinical trials, and perform additional discovery research. 
 Many factors can affect the cost and timing of our pre-clinical and clinical programs, including inconclusive results, slow patient enrollment, adverse side effects, insufficient supplies of medicine, unforeseen difficulties in the formulation or manufacture of the study drug, and real or perceived lack of effectiveness or safety of the drug being investigated. The development of our product candidates is subject to extensive governmental regulation. These factors make it difficult to predict the timing and cost of the further development and approval of our product candidates. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses    Selling, general and administrative expenses include (1) the cost of employees, consultants, and independent contractors engaged in administrative and commercial activities, including their stock-based compensation; (2) expenses of third-party vendors used in our commercial activities, including sales, marketing and promotion; market research, reimbursement support services, pharmacovigilance, distribution of marketing materials and other logistical needs; (3) medical educational grants and donations; and (4) legal, accounting and other professional fees.  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased 17.7 percent to $10.9 million, from $9.3 million for the comparable period in 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased 19.2 percent to $33.5 million from $28.1 million for the comparable period in 2015. The increases were driven primarily by increased compensation expense due to additional hiring, Fiscal 2016 bonus expense, and commissions related to increased sales. Stock-based compensation expense was $1.5 million and $4.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $1.4 million and $3.9 million for the corresponding periods in 2015. Our selling, general and administrative expenses are likely to increase in the remainder of 2016 and beyond as our commercial business grows. 
 Interest and other expense    Interest and other expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $487,000 and $1.6 million, respectively, as compared to $703,000 and $2.3 million for the comparable period in 2015. These amounts consisted of interest expense related to our Biopharma financing agreement for all periods presented. Interest expense for the remainder of 2016 and future years related to this obligation will decrease as our quarterly payments reduce the obligation s outstanding balance.   We expect to fully repay the underlying obligation in 2017.   
 16 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures  
 We prepare our condensed financial statements and footnotes thereto, which are included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in accordance with GAAP. To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use non-GAAP measures of net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share that exclude non-cash expenses related to stock-based compensation expense and the accretion of interest expense under our capped royalty financing transaction. We use these non-GAAP measures to manage our business and believe that they may help investors better evaluate our past financial performance and potential future results. Non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP accounting and investors should read them in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto prepared in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP measures of net income (loss) and net income (loss) per share we use may be different from, and not directly comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Until the quarter ended December 31, 2015, we had incurred net operating losses since inception. At September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $326.9 million. Since 2012, we have relied primarily on revenues from the sale of Korlym and proceeds from the sale of our common stock and from our Financing Agreement with Biopharma to fund our operations. 
 At September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $47.9 million, compared to $40.4 million at December 31, 2015. Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $13.8 million, primarily due to greater sales volumes, while net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $1.0 million.   We used cash in each period primarily to fund our Cushing s syndrome commercial activities and for research and development. In addition, we made payments under the Biopharma Financing Agreement of $10.3 million and $6.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 We are required to make aggregate payments under the Biopharma Financing Agreement of $45.0 million, with $25.4 million paid through September 30, 2016 and an additional payment of $4.4 million made in October 2016. We expect to fully repay the obligation in 2017.   
 Based on our current commercial, research and clinical development plans, we expect to fund our operations without needing to raise additional funds. However, if we choose to raise additional funds to finance strategic priorities, we cannot be certain that funding will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders, and any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. If we obtain funds through collaborations with others, these arrangements may be on unfavorable terms or may require us to relinquish certain rights to our technologies or product candidates that we would otherwise seek to develop on our own. 
 17 

While we monitor the cash balance in our checking account and transfer the funds into it only as needed, these cash balances and our money market fund could be affected if the   underlying financial institution were to fail or were subject to other adverse conditions in the financial markets. We have never experienced a loss or lack of access to cash in our checking account or money market fund.  
 Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 
 Our contractual payment obligations and purchase commitments as of December 31, 2015 are disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and have not changed materially during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 None. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. During nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not make any significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates, except for the change in accounting treatment for our specialty distributor sales referenced in Note 1 -  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 

ITEM 3.   
 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

 Our market risks as of September 30, 2016 are disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and have not changed materially during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 4.   
 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in reaching a reasonable level of assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q was (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and Form 10-Q and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met.  
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting .  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

18 

PART II. OTHER   INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

 We are not currently involved in any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A.   
 
     RISK FACTORS    

 An investment in our common stock involves significant risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including our financial statements and related notes, before you decide to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially harmed, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect us; however, they may not be the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties of which we are unaware or currently deem immaterial may become important and may harm our business. 
 Risks Related to the Commercialization of Korlym 
 We depend heavily on the success of Korlym. If we are unable to increase revenue from the sale of Korlym to the levels investors expect, or experience significant delays in doing so, our stock price will likely decline. 
 We anticipate that for the foreseeable future our ability to generate meaningful revenue and fund our commercial operations and development programs will be solely dependent on the successful commercialization of Korlym. Many factors could hamper our efforts to commercialize Korlym, including:  

an inability to generate sufficient revenue due to low product usage or inadequate insurance coverage and reimbursement;     

competition from Novartis s Signifor and from other companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours;     

an inability to manufacture Korlym or the active ingredient in Korlym in commercial quantities and at an acceptable cost;      

political concerns relating to other uses of mifepristone that could limit the market acceptance of Korlym;     

previously unknown, serious side effects that may be identified; and     

rapid technological change that makes Korlym obsolete.     

 Failure to meet investors  revenue expectations could cause our stock price to decline.  
 Physicians may accept Korlym slowly or may never accept it, which would adversely affect our financial results. 
 Physicians will prescribe Korlym only if they determine, based on experience, clinical data, side effect profiles and other factors, that it is preferable to other treatments, even if those products are not approved for Cushing s syndrome. Because Cushing s syndrome is rare, most physicians are inexperienced in the care of patients with the illness and it may be difficult to persuade them to prescribe Korlym, even with clinical trial results that show it is a compelling treatment. 
 Other factors that may affect the commercial success of Korlym include: 

the preference of some physicians for more familiar, long-standing off-label treatments for Cushing s syndrome or for Novartis  drug, Signifor, for the treatment of Cushing s disease;     

competition from alternative treatment methods, such as surgery and radiation therapy;     

the cost-effectiveness of Korlym and the availability of third-party insurance coverage and reimbursement;     

the product labeling required by the FDA for Korlym; and     

negative publicity concerning Korlym, RU-486, Mifeprex    or mifepristone.     

 The failure of Korlym to achieve commercial success would prevent us from generating sufficient revenue to fully fund our commercial and development activities. 
 19 

The Orphan Drug designation for Korlym may not prevent competition from companies that develop mifepristone or other compounds for the treatment of Cushing s syndrome. These companies may have significa  ntly more resources than we do. Competition from them could limit our revenue from the commercialization of Korlym for the treatment of Cushing s syndrome or other indications.    
 Although we have received Orphan Drug designation in the United States, we cannot be assured that we will realize the potential benefits of the designation. Even after an orphan drug is approved for its orphan indication, the FDA can subsequently approve a different drug for the same condition if it concludes that the later drug is safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Upon expiration of the orphan drug exclusivity period, we may be subject to competition from manufacturers offering a generic form of Korlym at a lower price, in which case our business could be harmed. 
 Notwithstanding Korlym s Orphan Drug designation in the United States, in 2012 Novartis received approval in both the United States and the European Union (EU) to market its somatostatin analogue Signifor for adult patients with Cushing s disease (a subset of Cushing s syndrome that accounts for approximately 70 percent of all Cushing s syndrome patients) for whom pituitary surgery is not an option or has not been curative. Novartis also announced that it is undertaking an investigational study of an experimental compound to determine whether it can safely reduce the level of urinary free cortisol in patients with Cushing s disease and to examine the compound s safety. Novartis has substantially more resources and experience than we do and may provide significant competition. In addition, Novartis received Orphan Drug designation in the United States for the use of osilodrostat to treat Cushing s disease and in the EU for the use of osilodrostat to treat Cushing s syndrome. Novartis has begun a Phase 2 clinical trial in Japan investigating the use of this compound to treat Cushing s syndrome due to causes other than Cushing s disease, and a Phase 3 clinical trial in the EU investigating the use of osilodrostat to treat Cushing s disease. 
 Laboratoire HRA Pharma (HRA) received Orphan Drug designation in the United States and the EU for the use of mifepristone to treat a subtype of Cushing s syndrome. HRA began and terminated a Phase 2 clinical trial in Europe and the United States for this indication. Strongbridge Biopharma plc (Strongbridge) has received Orphan Drug designation in the United States and the EU for the use of levoketoconazole to treat Cushing s syndrome. Strongbridge has begun a Phase 3 clinical trial in Europe and the United States for this indication. Exelgyn Laboratories, which operates as a subsidiary of Medi Challenge (Pty) Ltd., received Orphan Drug designation for mifepristone to treat Cushing s syndrome in the EU, but it has stated that it has not yet conducted any clinical trials. 
 If we cannot continue to obtain acceptable prices or adequate coverage and reimbursement for Korlym from third-party payors, we will be unable to generate significant revenues. 
 The commercial success of Korlym depends on whether third-party insurance coverage is available. Government payors, including Medicare, Medicaid and the Veterans Administration, health maintenance organizations and other third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement of new medicines. As a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for Korlym. Our dependence on the commercial success of Korlym makes us particularly susceptible to cost containment efforts. Unless government and other third-party payors continue to provide adequate and timely coverage and reimbursement, physicians may not prescribe it and patients may not purchase it. In addition, meaningful delays in insurance coverage for individual patients may increase our costs and reduce our revenues.    
 In some foreign markets, pricing and profitability of prescription pharmaceuticals are subject to government control. In the United States, we expect that there will continue to be federal and state proposals for similar controls. Also, the trends toward managed health care in the United States and recent laws and legislation intended to reduce the cost of government insurance programs could significantly influence the purchase of health care services and products and may result in lower prices for Korlym or the exclusion from reimbursement programs. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), which was passed in 2010, included the following measures: 

annual, non-deductible fees on any entity that manufactures or imports certain prescription drugs and biologics;     

increases in Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program for both branded and generic drugs;      

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for certain individuals with income at or below 133% of the federal poverty level, thereby potentially increasing a manufacturer s Medicaid rebate liability;     

expansion of access to commercial health insurance coverage through new state-based health insurance marketplaces, or exchanges;     

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in and conduct comparative clinical research;     

 20 

new requirements for manufacturers to discount drug prices to eligible patients by 50 percent at the pharmacy level and for mail order services in order for their outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and     

an increase in the number of entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program.     

 The PPACA provisions on comparative clinical effectiveness research extended the initiatives of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, also known as the stimulus package, which included $1.1 billion in funding to study the comparative effectiveness of health care treatments. This stimulus funding was designated for, among other things, conducting, supporting or synthesizing research that compares and evaluates the risks and benefits, clinical outcomes, effectiveness and appropriateness of products. The PPACA also appropriated additional funding to comparative clinical effectiveness research. Although Congress has indicated that this funding is intended to improve the quality of health care, it remains unclear how the research will impact current Medicare coverage and reimbursement or how new information will influence other third-party payor policies. 
 Other legislative and regulatory changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the PPACA was enacted. In August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend proposals in spending reductions to Congress. The Joint Select Committee did not achieve its targeted deficit reduction of at least $1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021, triggering the legislation s automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of two percent per fiscal year, which went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will stay in effect through 2025 unless additional Congressional action is taken. On January 2, 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which further reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. On February 1, 2016, the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, or CMS, published a final rule that revised certain requirements involved in our calculation of prices we report in connection with our participation in government reimbursement programs so that Korlym will be eligible for purchase by, or qualify for partial or full reimbursement from, Medicaid and other government programs. The extent to which this rule may alter our reported prices and estimated rebates and chargebacks under government programs remains unclear. 
 These new laws and the regulations and policies implementing them, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may have a material adverse effect on our industry generally and on our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our products. 
 Public perception of mifepristone may limit our ability to sell Korlym. 
 The active ingredient in Korlym, mifepristone, is approved by the FDA in another drug for the termination of early pregnancy. As a result, mifepristone has been and continues to be the subject of considerable ethical and political debate in the United States and elsewhere. Public perception of mifepristone may limit our ability to engage alternative manufacturers and may limit the commercial acceptance of Korlym by patients and physicians. Even though we have taken measures to minimize the likelihood of the prescribing of Korlym to a pregnant woman, physicians may choose not to prescribe Korlym to a woman simply to avoid any risk of unintentionally terminating a pregnancy.    
 We have no manufacturing capabilities and currently depend on one supplier to manufacture the active ingredient in Korlym and another to manufacture Korlym tablets. We also depend on a number of other suppliers to manufacture the API and capsules for CORT125134 and the other selective cortisol modulators we are developing. If these suppliers are unable or unwilling to continue manufacturing for us and we are unable to contract quickly with alternative sources, or if these third-party manufacturers fail to comply with FDA regulations or otherwise fail to meet our requirements, our business will be harmed. 
 PCAS, a third-party manufacturer, supplies all of the API in Korlym. Alcami, another third-party manufacturer, produces all of our Korlym tablets. We have entered into long-term agreements with these manufacturers. We rely on other third-parties to manufacture the API and capsules of the selective cortisol modulators that we are developing, including CORT125134. If any of these vendors is unable or unwilling to meet our future requirements, we may not be able to manufacture our product in a timely manner. Our current arrangements with these manufacturers are terminable by such manufacturers, subject to certain notice provisions.    
   The facilities used by our vendors to manufacture our product and product candidates must be approved by the FDA. We do not control the manufacturing processes of, and are completely dependent on, our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with the regulatory requirements known as current good manufacturing practices (cGMPs). If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our contract  
 21 

manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparab  le foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our products or if it withdraws any such approval, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly hamper our ability to develop, o  btain regulatory approval for or market our products. In addition, sanctions could be imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of our product candidates, delays, suspension   or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could harm our business. If our suppliers fail to manufacture Korlym or our product candidates on a timely basis in the quantities t  hat we require, or fail to maintain manufacturing capabilities that meet FDA standards, we may exhaust our Korlym inventory and not be able to generate revenue, or clinical development programs may be delayed.  
 If we or others identify previously unknown, serious side effects of Korlym or mifepristone, we may be required to perform lengthy additional clinical trials, change the labeling of Korlym or withdraw it from the market.   
 The FDA s approval of Korlym requires us to study drug utilization to better characterize the reporting rates of adverse events associated with the long-term use of Korlym. If we or others identify previously unknown, serious side effects of Korlym (mifepristone): 

regulatory authorities may withdraw their approvals;     

we may be required to conduct additional clinical trials, make changes in labeling, implement changes to or obtain re-approvals of our manufacturing facilities;     

we may experience a significant drop in the sales of Korlym;     

our reputation in the marketplace may suffer; and     

we may become the target of lawsuits, including class action lawsuits.     

 Any of these events could harm or prevent sales of Korlym or could increase the costs and expenses of commercializing and marketing Korlym. 
 We may not have adequate insurance to cover our exposure to product liability claims. 
 We may be subject to product liability or other claims based on allegations that Korlym, or one of our product candidates has caused adverse effects. A product liability claim may damage our reputation by raising questions about Korlym or any of our product candidates  safety and could limit our ability to sell a product by preventing or interfering with product commercialization. In some cases, less common adverse effects of a pharmaceutical product are not known until long after the FDA approves the product for marketing. The active ingredient in Korlym is used to terminate pregnancy. Therefore, clinicians using the medicine in our clinical trials and physicians prescribing the medicine to women with childbearing potential must take strict precautions to ensure that the medicine is not administered to pregnant women. The failure to observe these precautions could result in significant product liability claims. 
 We have limited product liability insurance that offers coverage we believe to be appropriate for a company marketing a single pharmaceutical product and developing others. We intend to extend our product liability insurance coverage to any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. However, this insurance may be prohibitively expensive or may not fully cover our potential liabilities. Our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage at an acceptable cost could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of Korlym or our product candidates, or result in meaningful underinsured or uninsured liability. Defending a lawsuit could be costly and significantly divert management s attention from conducting our business. If we were sued successfully, our liability could exceed our total assets. 
 We are subject to ongoing and continued regulatory review. If we are unable to maintain regulatory approval of Korlym for the treatment of patients with Cushing s syndrome, or if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements, we will be unable to generate revenue or may be subject to penalties and our business will be harmed. 
 The FDA s approval of Korlym was subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed and requirements for post-marketing information reporting. If we violate any of the FDA s restrictions or other marketing requirements, the FDA could withdraw its approval.  
   We are subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries with respect to the research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, selling, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and marketing of products. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, annual updates on manufacturing activities and continued compliance with cGMPs, and current good clinical practices (cGCPs), for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. cGMPs and cGCPs are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities through periodic inspections of manufacturing  
 22 

sites, trial sponsors, clinical investigators and clinical sites. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse eve  nts of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with FDA regulations and other applicable foreign and U.S. regulatory requirements may result in, among other things, untitle  d letters, warning letters, civil and criminal penalties, injunctions, holds on clinical trials, product seizure or detention, refusal to permit the import or export of products, restrictions on product marketing, withdrawal of the product from the market,   voluntary or mandatory product recalls, total or partial suspension of production, refusal to approve pending New Drug Applications (NDAs) or supplements to approved NDAs, and suspension or revocation of product approvals.  
 The FDA s policies may change and additional governmental regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may place at risk the FDA marketing approval for Korlym and any other marketing approval that we may obtain, which would adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to sustain profitability. 
 We may be subject to civil or criminal penalties if we market Korlym in a manner that violates FDA regulations or health care fraud and abuse laws. 
 In the United States, we are subject to FDA regulations governing the promotion of health care products. Although physicians are permitted, based on their medical judgment, to prescribe drugs for indications other than those approved by the FDA, manufacturers are prohibited from promoting their products for such  off-label  uses. In the United States, we market Korlym for treatment of hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in adult patients with endogenous Cushing s syndrome who have type 2 diabetes mellitus or glucose intolerance and have failed surgery or are not candidates for surgery and provide promotional materials and training programs to physicians regarding the use of Korlym for this indication. Although we believe our marketing materials and training programs for physicians do not constitute  off-label  promotion of Korlym, the FDA may disagree. If the FDA determines that our promotional materials, training or other activities by our employees or agents constitute  off-label  promotion of Korlym, it could request that we modify our training or promotional materials or other activities or subject us to regulatory enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal or state enforcement authorities might take action if they believe that the alleged improper promotion led to the submission and payment of claims for an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. Even if it is later determined that we are not in violation of these laws, we may be faced with negative publicity, incur significant expenses defending our position and have to divert significant management resources from other matters. 
 In addition, there are health care fraud and abuse regulations and enforcement by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal health care programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs;     

federal false claims laws, including, without limitation, the False Claims Act, which prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. Pharmaceutical companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of promotional and marketing activities, such as allegedly providing free product to or entering into  sham  consulting arrangements with customers to induce such customers to purchase, order or recommend the company s products in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute and federal false claims laws and regulations; reporting to pricing services inflated average wholesale prices that were then used by certain governmental programs to set reimbursement rates; engaging in the promotion of  off-label  uses that caused customers to submit claims to and obtain reimbursement from governmental payors for non-covered  off-label  uses; and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program;     

the federal Civil Monetary Penalties law, which prohibits, among other things, offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier;     

the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), which created federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program or making false statements relating to health care matters;      

 23 

federal  sunshine  laws  , including the federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act,   that require transparency regarding financial arrangements with health care providers, such as the reporting and disclosure requirements imposed by the   PPACA on drug manufacturers regarding any  transfer of value  made or distributed to prescribers and other health care providers, and ownership or investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Manufacturers are required to sub  mit reports detailing these financial arrangements by the 90   th    day of each calendar year;     

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 and their respective implementing regulations, which impose obligations on covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their business associates that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information; and     

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers;   state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts.     

 The risk of our being found in violation of these laws and regulations is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and safe harbors available under such laws, it is possible that some of our business activities, including our relationships with physicians and other healthcare providers, some of whom recommend, purchase and/or prescribe our products, and the manner in which we promote our products, could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. We are also exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, vendors, distributors, and CROs may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. While we have policies and procedures in place prohibiting such activity, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by our employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations.  
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from governmental health care programs, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 A break-down or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business.  
 We store sensitive data on our computer networks and on the networks of third-party vendors, including our intellectual property and confidential information relating to our business and our employees.   Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our vendors are vulnerable to damage from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. System failures,  unauthorized access to electronic and other confidential information,  other security breaches or accidents could cause interruptions in our operations, and could result in a material disruption of our clinical and commercialization activities and business operations, in addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to remedy. The loss of clinical trial data could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that a disruption or security breach resulted in the theft of, loss or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and our product research, development and commercialization efforts could be delayed or otherwise harmed.  
 The occurrence of a catastrophic disaster or other similar events could cause damage to our own or our manufacturers  facilities and equipment, which could require us to cease or curtail operations. 
   Our business is vulnerable to damage from various types of disasters or other similarly disruptive events, including earthquake, fire, flood, power loss and communications failures. For example, our headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, which is earthquake-prone, and our specialty pharmacy and warehouses are located in areas that are subject to severe weather conditions. In addition, political considerations relating to mifepristone may put us and our manufacturers at increased risk for terrorist attacks, protests or other disruptive events. If any disaster or other similar event were to occur, we may not be able to operate our business and  
 24 

our manufacturers may not be able to produce Korlym or our product candidates. Our insurance may not be adequa  te to cover, and our insurance policies may exclude coverage for, our losses resulting from disasters or other business interruptions.  
 Risks Related to the Development of our Product Candidates 
 Clinical drug development is lengthy and expensive and has an uncertain outcome. Results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. 
 Clinical development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and data obtained from clinical trials and supportive studies are susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. The results from early clinical trials may not be predictive of results eventually obtained in later clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profile of their medication candidate, despite promising results in earlier trials. Clinical trials may not demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to obtain regulatory approval.  
 Our ongoing clinical trials are too small to support marketing approvals for the compounds being studied. Even if these trials generate positive results, those results would have to be confirmed in one or more substantially larger, more expensive, and lengthier trials before we could seek regulatory approvals. 
 The commencement and completion of clinical trials may be delayed by many factors that are beyond our control, including: 

delays obtaining regulatory approval to commence a trial;      

reaching agreement on acceptable terms with Clinical Research Organizations ( CROs ) and clinical trial sites;     

obtaining institutional review board (IRB) approval at each site;      

slower than anticipated patient enrollment;      

scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions;      

lack of funding;     

negative or inconclusive results;     

patient noncompliance with the protocol;     

adverse medical events or side effects among patients during the clinical trials;     

negative or problematic FDA inspections of our clinical operations or manufacturing operations; and     

real or perceived lack of effectiveness or safety.     

 We could encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs of the clinical trial sites where such trials are being conducted, the Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial, or the FDA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 
 Over the course of clinical development of any product candidate, we may decide, or the FDA or other regulatory authorities may require us, to pursue clinical or preclinical studies in addition to those we had initially anticipated. Additional trials or studies may require additional funding, the availability of which is not assured. Also, it is possible that additional trials or studies that we decide are necessary or desirable will delay or prevent the completion of our development programs. Even if we are able to conduct all of the clinical trials and supportive studies that we consider appropriate, we may never receive regulatory approval to market our product candidates. 
 We depend on third-parties to conduct and manage many of our clinical trials and to perform related data collection and analysis. If these third-parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected timelines, we may face costs and delays that may prevent or delay us from obtaining regulatory approval for or commercializing our product candidates, which could substantially harm our business. 
   We rely on clinical investigators and clinical sites to enroll patients and other third-parties such as CROs to manage many of our trials and to perform related data collection and analysis.  We control only certain aspects of these third-parties  activities. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the prescribed  
 25 

protocol, and the applicable legal, regulatory and scientific standards. Our reliance on third-parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and these third-parties are   required to comply with cGCPs. If we or any of the third-parties working on or conducting our trials fail to comply with applicable cGCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulat  ory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approval of our marketing applications, if at all. We cannot assure you that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of o  ur clinical trials complies with cGCP requirements. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under cGMP regulations. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay th  e regulatory approval process. Moreover, we may not be able to control the timing of identification and selection of appropriate sites for our planned trials and the amount and timing of resources that the clinical sites that conduct the clinical testing m  ay devote to our clinical trials. If our clinical investigators and clinical sites fail to enroll a sufficient number of patients in our clinical trials or fail to enroll them on our planned schedules, we will be unable to complete our trials or to complet  e them as planned, which could delay or prevent us from completing the clinical development of mifepristone for the treatment of TNBC or other development programs.  
 We have agreements with the CROs and consultants conducting and managing our clinical trials to supervise and monitor clinical site performance and to perform investigator supervision, data collection and analysis for these trials. The conduct of future clinical trials, may also be conducted through the use of CROs and third-party clinical sites. We may not be able to maintain relationships with these or other CROs or with the clinical investigators and the clinical sites through the completion of all trial activities without delays in anticipated timing of trial activities or excessive expenditures. If any of our relationships with CROs or other third-parties terminates, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or third-parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If these CROs, clinical investigators, clinical sites or other third-parties do not carry out their contractual duties or obligations or fail to meet expected deadlines, or if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize any of our product candidates. 
 We may be unable to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our product candidates. 
 We are not permitted to market or promote any of our product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Although we have received FDA approval to market Korlym, we may be unable to maintain such approval. We may never receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Obtaining regulatory approval of a new drug is an uncertain, lengthy and expensive process. Success is never guaranteed. Failure can occur at any stage. In order to receive approval from the FDA for a product candidate, we must demonstrate that the new drug product is safe and effective for its intended use and that our manufacturing processes for the product candidate comply with the FDA s cGMPs. These cGMPs include requirements related to production processes, quality control and assurance, and recordkeeping. The FDA has substantial discretion in the approval of human medicines. It may require substantial additional clinical testing or find our drug products do not satisfy the standards for approval. Our inability or the inability of our suppliers to comply with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements can result in, among other things, delays in or denials of new product approvals, warning letters, fines, consent decrees restricting or suspending manufacturing operations, injunctions, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of product sales, and criminal prosecution. Any of these or other regulatory actions could materially harm our business and our financial condition. 
 Future governmental action or changes in FDA policy or personnel may also result in delays or rejection of an NDA in the United States. In addition, because the only other currently FDA-approved use of mifepristone is the termination of pregnancy, we expect that the label for mifepristone for any indication will include, as Korlym s does, some limitations, including a so-called  black-box  warning that it should not be used by pregnant women or women seeking to become pregnant. 
 If we receive regulatory approval for our future product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory oversight and review, such as continued safety reporting requirements; and we may also be subject to additional FDA post-marketing restrictions and obligations. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted to market our product candidates and/or may be subject to product recalls or seizures. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our future product candidates may also be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the medicine may be marketed or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing follow-up studies. In addition, if the FDA approves any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing and continuing regulatory requirements.  
 Failure to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions would prevent us from commercializing our product candidates abroad. 
   We may seek to commercialize our products and product candidates in international markets with the help of one or more partners or on our own. Outside the United States, we may commercialize a product only if we receive a marketing authorization and, in many cases, pricing approval, from the appropriate regulatory authorities, whose approval processes include all of the risks associated with the FDA approval process, and, in some cases, additional risks. The approval procedure varies among countries and  
 26 

can involve additional testing, and t  he time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval b  y regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in others. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals an  d may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our product candidates in any foreign market.   Although we have received Orphan Drug designation in the EU of Korlym to treat patients with Cushing s syndrome, we are not currently seeking to obtain any   foreign approvals.    
 We face competition from companies with substantial financial, technical and marketing resources. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Our present and potential competitors include major pharmaceutical companies, as well as specialized pharmaceutical firms, universities and public and private research institutions. Moreover, we expect competition to intensify as technical advances are made. These competitors, either alone or with collaborative parties, may succeed with the development and commercialization of medicinal products that are superior to and more cost-effective than mifepristone.  
 Many of our competitors and related private and public research and academic institutions have greater experience, more financial and marketing resources and larger research and development staffs than we do. In addition, many of these competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, have significantly greater experience than we do in developing human medicines, obtaining regulatory approvals, manufacturing and commercializing products. 
 Our product candidates may not be effective competitors compared to established treatments and our present or potential competitors may succeed in developing medicinal products that are superior to our product candidates, which could render our product candidates obsolete or non-competitive. If we are unable to establish our product candidates as a superior and cost-effective treatment, we may be unable to commercialize them. 
 Our efforts to discover, develop and commercialize product candidates beyond Korlym for the treatment of patients with Cushing s syndrome are at an early stage and may fail to successfully commercialize any of them.   
 To develop additional sources of revenue, we must identify and develop new product candidates or new therapeutic uses for Korlym. The use of cortisol modulators may not be effective to treat any additional indications. Moreover, we could discover that the use of cortisol modulators has unacceptable side effects or is otherwise not safe. Due to the potential for lack of efficacy and side effects inherent in novel compounds and in new uses for existing medications, we are entering multiple compounds into development, which will increase our rate of spending with no assurance that we will be successful in developing new drugs that are safe and effective. 
 We may not develop or continue to develop product candidates for any of the indications or compounds covered by our patents and patent applications. Typically, there is a high rate of attrition for product candidates in pre-clinical and clinical trials, and our product development efforts may not lead to commercially viable products. For example, although we plan to advance new compounds to the clinic, we may fail to do so. 
 We may elect to enter into collaboration arrangements with respect to one or more of our product candidates. If we do enter into such an arrangement, we would be dependent on a collaborative partner for the success of the product candidates developed under the arrangement. Any future collaborative partner may fail to successfully develop or commercialize a product candidate under a collaborative arrangement. 
 We only have significant clinical experience with mifepristone and we may determine that mifepristone is not desirable for uses other than for the treatment of Cushing s syndrome. For example, we do not intend to develop mifepristone for mitigation of the weight gain associated with the use of Zyprexa   , Risperdal    or other atypical antipsychotics, even though we have reported positive results in double-blind placebo-controlled studies. We may pursue other cortisol modulators for this use. The compounds developed pursuant to our early discovery, preclinical and clinical research programs may fail to become viable product candidates regardless of the resources we dedicate to their development. Even if product candidates are identified, we may abandon further development efforts before we reach clinical trials or after expending significant expense and time conducting clinical trials due to financial constraints, concerns over the safety or efficacy of the product candidates, marketing considerations, manufacturing difficulties or other reasons. Moreover, governmental authorities may enact new legislation or regulations that could limit or restrict our development efforts. If we are unable to successfully discover and commercialize new uses for cortisol modulators, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to support our operations. 
 27 

We will need to increase the size of our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing growth.   
 We expect that the further development of our research and development efforts will be constrained by our existing administrative, operational and management resources. Growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional employees. To date, we have relied on a small management team. Our future financial performance and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage growth effectively. 
 To that end, we must be able to: 

hire additional management, clinical development, administrative and sales and marketing personnel;     

expand the size and composition of our management team;     

develop our administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls;     

manage our sales and marketing efforts effectively;     

manage our supply chain effectively;     

manage our clinical trials effectively; and     

manage our research and development efforts effectively.     

 We may not be able to accomplish these tasks, and our failure to accomplish any of them could harm our business. 
 If we lose our key personnel or are unable to attract and retain additional skilled personnel, we may be unable to pursue our product development and commercialization efforts. 
 Our ability to operate successfully and manage our potential future growth depends significantly upon retaining key managerial, scientific, sales, marketing, and financial personnel, and attracting and retaining additional highly qualified personnel in these areas. We depend substantially on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. We do not have agreements with any of our executive officers that provide for their continued employment with us or employment insurance covering any of our key personnel. Any officer or employee can terminate his or her relationship with us at any time and work for one of our competitors. The loss of these key individuals could result in competitive harm because we could experience delays in our product research, development and commercialization efforts without their expertise. 
 We face intense competition for qualified personnel from numerous companies, as well as universities and nonprofit research organizations in the highly competitive San Francisco Bay Area. Although we believe that we have been successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel to date, we may not be able to attract and retain sufficient qualified personnel in the future. The inability to attract and retain these personnel could result in delays in the research, development and commercialization of our potential products. 
 Rapid technological change could make our product and product candidates obsolete. 
 Pharmaceutical technologies have undergone rapid and significant change and we expect that they will continue to do so. Our future will depend in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to these technologies. Korlym and any products and processes that we develop may become obsolete or uneconomical before we recover any or all expenses incurred in connection with their development. Rapid technological change could make Korlym and our product candidates obsolete or uneconomical, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Capital Needs and Financial Results 
 We may need additional capital in order to complete the development of Korlym for additional indications or for the development and commercialization of our proprietary, selective cortisol modulators. Additional capital may not be available to us at all or on favorable terms, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We may need to raise additional funds to continue and expand the development of Korlym and our proprietary, selective cortisol modulators in additional indications. We may also raise additional funds for other research and development activities, including clinical trials, and working capital and for other general corporate purposes, or to acquire or invest in businesses, products and technologies that are complementary to our own. 
 Factors affecting our liquidity include the following: 

the pace at which physicians adopt Korlym as a treatment;      

the willingness of insurance companies and the government payors to provide coverage for Korlym;     

 28 

the timing and outcome of our Phase 1/2   clinical trial   of Korlym for the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer and further clinical development related to this indication;     

the outcome of   clinical trial  s of, Korlym, CORT125134, and our other product candidates and the further clinical development of those compounds;        

changes in our research and development plans for Korlym and our other proprietary, selective cortisol modulators; and     

developments or disputes concerning patents or proprietary rights, including announcements of claims of infringement, interference or litigation against us or our licensors.     

 We may also choose to raise additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current and future operating plans. 
 We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Our sales of common stock and warrants and the exercises of warrants have been dilutive to stockholders and any exercise of outstanding warrants and additional equity financing could cause further dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. If we obtain funds through collaborations with others, these arrangements may be on unfavorable terms or may require us to relinquish certain rights to Korlym, our technologies or product candidates, which we would otherwise seek to develop on our own. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs or we may be required to discontinue operations. 
 We have incurred substantial losses and we may incur losses in the future. 
 We have financed our operations and internal growth primarily through private placements of preferred and common stock, the public sale of common stock, revenue from the sale of Korlym and our financing agreement with Biopharma. On an annual basis, we have incurred losses in each year since our inception in 1998. We may incur additional losses as we continue our discovery and clinical development programs, apply for regulatory approvals, acquire and/or develop treatments in other therapeutic areas, and expand our sales and marketing capabilities. 
 We may not be able to pursue all of our product research and development opportunities if we are unable to generate sufficient revenue or secure adequate funding for these programs. 
 The costs required to start or continue many of the programs that our intellectual property allows us to consider for further development are collectively greater than the funds currently available to us. For example, we have successfully discovered three series of compounds that are selective cortisol modulators but do not appear to block the progesterone receptor. Further development of these proprietary compounds or any further development stemming from our method of use patents may be delayed or cancelled if we determine that our expected revenue will be insufficient to support such programs and we are unable to obtain funding from other sources.   
 Global economic conditions could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 In the United States and globally, market and economic conditions have been volatile over the past few years. Renewed or increased turbulence in the global markets and economies may cause lenders and institutional investors to reduce, and in some cases, cease, to provide credit to businesses such as ours, which could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 If we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow funds or raise equity or debt capital, we may need to find alternative ways to increase our liquidity. Such alternatives may include, without limitation, curtailing clinical or drug development activity, or limiting our commercial efforts, product manufacturing or sales and marketing support, which would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
 If we acquire other selective cortisol modulators or other technologies or potential products, we will incur a variety of costs and may never realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. 
 If appropriate opportunities arise, we may attempt to acquire other technologies or product candidates that are complementary to our operating plan. We currently have no commitments, agreements or plans for any acquisitions. Acquiring rights to another potential product or technology may result in unforeseen difficulties and expenditures and may absorb significant management attention that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our business. In addition, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquired potential product or technology. Future acquisitions could dilute our stockholders  ownership interest in us and could cause us to incur debt, expose us to future liabilities and result in amortization or other expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 29 

Failure to meet our obligations under our   Financing Agreement with Biopharma could adversely affect our financial results and liquidity.  
 Pursuant to our Financing Agreement with Biopharma entered into in August 2012, we are obligated to make payments to Biopharma equal to 20 percent of our net product sales of Korlym, any future mifepristone-based products and our next-generation selective cortisol modulators, subject to certain quarterly caps, as well as an un-capped 20 percent of any upfront, milestone or other contingent payments we receive with respect to Covered Products, until such payments to Biopharma total $45.0 million, at which point the obligation will be extinguished. 
 Pursuant to this agreement, we may not: (i) incur indebtedness greater than the sum of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, including such items as non-cash stock-based compensation, for the four calendar quarters preceding such incurrence, which we refer to as the Indebtedness Covenant; (ii) pay a dividend or other cash distribution, unless we have cash and cash equivalents in excess of $50.0 million after such payment; (iii) amend or restate our certificate of incorporation or bylaws unless such amendments or restatements do not affect Biopharma s interests under the transaction; and (iv) encumber any of the collateral securing our performance under the agreement. 
 The percentage used to calculate our payments to Biopharma would increase to 50 percent and any applicable payment caps would lapse if we (i) fail to provide Biopharma with certain information regarding our promotion and sales of Covered Products, (ii) do not devote a commercially reasonable amount of resources to the promotion and marketing of the Covered Products or (iii) violate the Indebtedness Covenant and, in each case, fail to cure within the applicable cure period. 
 Upon a Corcept change of control transaction, as defined in the agreement, Biopharma will be automatically entitled to receive any amounts not previously paid, up to our maximum repayment obligation of $45.0 million.  As defined in the agreement,  Change of Control  includes, among other things, (i) a greater than 50 percent change in the ownership of Corcept, (ii) certain changes in Board composition of Corcept and (iii) the licensing of Korlym to a third-party for sale in the United States. 
 To secure our obligations under the agreement, we granted Biopharma a security interest in our rights in patents, trademarks, trade names, domain names, copyrights, know-how and regulatory approvals related to the Covered Products, all books and records relating to the foregoing and all proceeds of the foregoing, which we refer to as the Collateral. If we (i) fail to deliver a royalty payment when due and do not remedy that failure within 30 days, (ii) fail to maintain a first-priority perfected security interest in the Collateral in the United States and do not remedy that failure within five business days of receiving notice of such failure or (iii) become subject to an event of bankruptcy, then Biopharma may attempt to recover up to $45.0 million (after deducting any payments we have already made). 
 We cannot assure that we will not breach the covenants or other terms of, or that an event of default will not occur under this agreement and, if a breach or event of default occurs, we cannot assure that we will be able to cure the event within the time permitted. Any failure to pay our obligations when due, any breach or default of our covenants or other obligations, or any other event that causes an acceleration of payment at a time when we do not have sufficient resources to meet these obligations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future viability.  
 The acceleration of the payment obligation in the event of a change of control transaction may make us less attractive to potential acquirers, and the payment of such funds out of our available cash or acquisition proceeds would reduce acquisition proceeds for our stockholders. 
 Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property 
 If Korlym or future product candidates conflict with the patents of others or if we become involved in other intellectual property disputes, we may have to engage in costly litigation or obtain a license and we may be unable to commercialize our product candidates. 
 The patent positions of companies in the pharmaceutical industry are highly uncertain, involve complex legal and factual questions and have been and continue to be the subject of much litigation. Our product candidates may give rise to claims that our patents are invalid or that we infringe on the products or proprietary rights of others. If it is determined that our product candidates infringe on others  patent rights, we may be required to obtain licenses to those rights. If we fail to obtain licenses when necessary, we may experience delays in commercializing our product candidates while attempting to design around other patents, or determine that we are unable to commercialize our product candidates at all. If we do become involved in intellectual property litigation, we are likely to incur considerable costs in defending or prosecuting the litigation. We believe that we do not currently infringe any third-party s patents or other proprietary rights, and we are not obligated to pay royalties relating to the use of intellectual property to any third-party other than Stanford University and the University of Chicago. 
 30 

Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain adequate patent protection for the use of Korlym for the treatment of   triple-negative breast cancer and other potential uses of cortisol modulators. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our intellectual property and erode our competitive advantage.  
 We own 20 issued U.S. method of use patents and have exclusively licensed six issued U.S. method of use patents. We have five U.S. method of use patent applications pending for our next-generation selective cortisol modulators. We also own eight composition of matter patents, with one additional application pending. We have applied, and will continue to apply, for patents covering our product candidates as we deem appropriate. We have filed, where we deemed appropriate, foreign patent applications corresponding to our U.S. patents and applications. 
 We have exclusively licensed three issued U.S. patents from Stanford University for the use of cortisol modulators, including mifepristone, in the treatment of psychotic depression, cocaine-induced psychosis and early dementia, including early Alzheimer s disease. We have also exclusively licensed from the University of Chicago two issued U.S. patents for the use of cortisol modulators in the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer, and a third issued U.S. patent covering the use of cortisol modulators to treat castration-resistant prostate cancer.    
 We bear the costs of prosecuting, protecting and defending the rights to these patents. In order to maintain the exclusive license to these patents until their expiration, we are obligated to make milestone and royalty payments to both universities. If we become noncompliant with our obligations under our agreements, we may lose the right to commercialize mifepristone for the treatment of psychotic depression, cocaine-induced psychosis, early dementia, triple-negative breast cancer and castration-resistant prostate cancer and our business could be materially harmed. In addition, if Stanford University were to terminate our mifepristone license due to breach of the license on our part, we would not be able to commercialize mifepristone for the treatment of psychotic depression, cocaine-induced psychosis or early dementia. If the University of Chicago were to terminate our licenses, we may not be able to commercialize cortisol modulators for the treatment of triple-negative breast cancer or castration-resistant prostate cancer. 
 Our patent applications and patents licensed or issued to us may be challenged by third-parties and our patent applications may not result in issued patents. Furthermore, our presently pending and future patent applications may not issue as patents, and any patent issued to us may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented. Furthermore, the claims in patents which we own or have licensed, or which we may license or which may be issued to us in the future, may not be sufficiently broad to prevent third-parties from producing competing products. In addition, the laws of various foreign countries in which we compete may not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. If we fail to obtain adequate patent protection for our proprietary technology, our competitors may produce competing products based on our technology, which would impair our ability to compete. 
 If a third-party successfully asserted an infringement claim against us, we could be forced to pay damages and be prevented from developing, manufacturing or marketing our potential products. We do not have liability insurance for patent infringements. A third-party could require us to obtain a license to continue to use their intellectual property, and we may not be able to do so on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. We believe that significant litigation will continue in our industry regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. If we become involved in litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our resources. Regardless of the merit of any particular claim, defending a lawsuit takes significant time, is expensive and diverts management s attention from other business. 
 Our ability to compete in the market could be diminished if we are unable to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information. 
 In addition to patents, we rely on a combination of confidentiality, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions, laws protecting trade secrets and security measures to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information. Nevertheless, these measures may not adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary information. If they do not adequately protect our rights, third-parties could use our proprietary information, which could diminish our ability to compete in the market. In addition, employees, consultants and others who participate in the development of our product candidates may breach their agreements with us regarding our trade secrets and other proprietary information, and we may not have adequate remedies for the breach. We also realize that our trade secrets may become known through means not currently foreseen. Notwithstanding our efforts to protect our trade secrets and proprietary information, our competitors may independently develop similar or alternative products that are equal or superior to our product candidates without infringing on any of our proprietary information or trade secrets. 
 31 

The mifepristone patents that we own cover the use of mifepristone, not its composition, which may make it more difficult for us to prove patent infringement if physicians prescribe another manufacturer s mifepristone or if patie  nts acquire mifepristone from other sources, such as the internet or underground market.    
 We own or have exclusively licensed issued U.S. patents covering the methods of using cortisol modulators to treat a variety of disorders, including triple-negative breast cancer. A method of use patent covers only a specified use of a particular compound, not a compound s composition. Because our patents do not cover the composition of mifepristone, we cannot prevent others from commercializing mifepristone in indications such as triple-negative breast cancer or those set forth in our other method of use patents. Although any such  off-label  use would violate our patents, effectively monitoring compliance with our patents may be difficult and costly. In addition, we cannot be assured that patients will not obtain mifepristone from other sources. As with other pharmaceutical products, patients may be able to purchase mifepristone through the internet or underground market. Mifepristone is also sold in the United States by Danco Laboratories for the termination of early pregnancy. While distribution is limited to a single dose provided in the physician s office and covered by other restrictions, we cannot be certain that Cushing s syndrome patients will not be able to obtain mifepristone from this source or others, should another company receive approval to market mifepristone for another indication. 
 Risks Related to Our Stock 
 The market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile due to the limited number of shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates or factors influencing the stock market and opportunities for sale at any given time may be limited.  
 We cannot assure that an active trading market for our common stock will exist at any time. Holders of our common stock may not be able to sell shares quickly or at the market price if trading in our common stock is not active. During the 52-week period ended October 28, 2016, our average daily trading volume was approximately 296,695 shares and the intra-day sales prices per share of our common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market ranged from $3.22 to $7.18. As of October 28, 2016, our officers, directors and principal stockholders controlled 25 percent of our common stock. The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

the pace of market acceptance of Korlym or the timing and level of insurance coverage and reimbursement;     

actual or anticipated timing and results of our clinical trials;     

changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts or failure of our financial performance to meet the guidance we have provided to the public;     

purchases or sales of our common stock by us, our officers, directors or our stockholders;     

distributions in-kind of our common stock by our venture capital or private equity stockholders, which will increase the supply of our common stock and could decrease its price  ;     

our cash and short-term investment position;     

new products or services introduced or announced by us or our competitors;     

actual or anticipated regulatory approvals of our product candidates or of competing products;     

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates or our competitors  products;     

changes in the expected or actual timing of our development programs or our competitors  potential development programs;     

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results, including potential product returns and timing of revenue recognition;     

announcements of technological innovations by us, our collaborators or our competitors;     

general market and economic conditions;     

conditions or trends in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries;     

changes in the market valuations of similar companies;     

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;     

additions or departures of key personnel;     

 32 

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies;     

developments concerning collaborations;     

trading volume of our common stock;     

limited number of shares of our common stock held by our non-affiliates;     

maintaining compliance with the listing requirements of the stock exchange on which we are listed; and     

additional financing activities.     

 In addition, the stock market in general, the NASDAQ Stock Market and the market for biotechnology and life sciences companies in particular have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources. 
 Our stock price may decline if our financial performance does not meet the guidance that we provided to the public, estimates published by research analysts or other investor expectations.  
 We have provided guidance as to our expected 2016 net product revenue. Our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of the release of such guidance. Our actual results may vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. 
 There are a number of reasons why we might fail to meet our financial guidance or other expectations about our business, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in this report and in our other public filings and public statements. In particular, there are inherent difficulties in predicting the amount of Korlym that will be sold. For example, the rate of physician adoption of Korlym is uncertain. Research analysts who cover our business have put forth a range of revenue estimates, based on their own analyses. We believe research analysts will consider the guidance we have provided as one factor in determining their own annual revenue estimates. Estimating our net revenue for future periods is difficult and you should rely on our guidance and the estimates of research analysts at your own discretion. If, in the future, our operating or financial results for a particular period do not meet our guidance, analyst estimates or the expectations of investors, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, our stock price may decline. 
 Research analysts may not continue to provide or initiate coverage of our common stock or may issue negative reports. 
 Securities analysts currently covering our common stock may discontinue research coverage. Additional securities analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our common stock. A lack of research coverage may adversely affect our common stock s market price. The trading market for our common stock may be affected in part by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who elects to cover us downgrades our stock, our stock price would likely decline rapidly and significantly. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. In addition, rules mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and a global settlement reached in 2003 between the SEC, other regulatory analysts and a number of investment banks have led to a number of fundamental changes in how analysts are reviewed and compensated. In particular, many investment banking firms are required to contract with independent financial analysts for their stock research. It may be difficult for companies such as ours with smaller market capitalizations to attract independent financial analysts that will cover our common stock. This could have a negative effect on our market price. 
 Sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.  
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could harm the market price of our common stock. As additional shares of our common stock become available for resale in the public market, whether as a result of equity financings by us, distributions in-kind of our common stock by our venture capital or private equity stockholders, or due to the release of trading restrictions, the supply of our common stock will increase, which could decrease the price. Substantially all of the shares of our common stock are eligible for sale, subject to applicable volume and other resale restrictions. 
 33 

Our officers, directors and principal stockholders, acting as a group, could significantly influence corporate actions.  
 As of October 28, 2016, our officers and directors control 25 percent of our common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, will be able to significantly influence all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions. The interests of this group of stockholders may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders and may prevent or delay a change in control. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock because investors often perceive disadvantages to owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. 
 Changes in laws and regulations may significantly increase our costs, which could harm our financial results. 
 New laws and regulations, as well as changes to existing laws and regulations, affecting our company, including the provisions of the PPACA requiring the reporting of aggregate spending related to health care professionals, the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and rules adopted by the SEC and by The NASDAQ Stock Market have and will likely continue to result in increased costs to us as we respond to their requirements. We are investing resources to comply with evolving laws and regulations, and this investment may result in increased selling, general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. 
 In addition, new rules and regulations could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, or our board committees, or as executive officers. At present, we cannot predict or estimate the amount of the additional costs related to new rules and regulations or the timing of such costs. 
 We may fail to comply with public company obligations, including the securities laws and regulations. Such compliance is costly and requires significant management resources. 
 We are a small company with limited resources. The federal securities laws and regulations, including the corporate governance and other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, impose complex and continually changing regulatory requirements on our operations and reporting. These requirements have increased and will continue to increase our legal compliance costs. 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on the internal control over financial reporting. This same legislation also requires that the independent registered public accounting firm auditing our financial statements must attest to and report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. If we are unable to complete the required assessment as to the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting in future years or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide us with an unqualified report as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of future year ends, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial reporting. 
 Changes in or interpretations of accounting rules and regulations could result in unfavorable accounting charges or require us to change our accounting policies or operating practices. 
 Accounting methods and policies for business and marketing practices of pharmaceutical companies are subject to continual review, interpretation and guidance from relevant accounting authorities, including the SEC. Although we believe that our accounting practices are consistent with current accounting pronouncements, changes to or interpretations of accounting methods or policies in the future may require us to reclassify, restate or otherwise change or revise our financial statements. Any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income. Any such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and bylaws and under Delaware law and payment acceleration provisions under the Biopharma Financing Agreement may make an acquisition of us or a change in our management more expensive or difficult, even if an acquisition or a management change would be beneficial to our stockholders. 
   Provisions in our charter and bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition of us or a change in our management. Some of these provisions allow us to issue preferred stock without any vote or further action by the stockholders, require advance notification of stockholder proposals and nominations of candidates for election as directors and prohibit stockholders from acting by written consent. In addition, a supermajority vote of stockholders is required to amend our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by our Chairman, President or the Board of Directors and that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board of Directors. These provisions may prevent or delay a change in our Board of Directors or our management, which is appointed by our Board of Directors. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section 203 may prohibit large  
 34 

stoc  kholders, in particular those owning 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us. In addition, our payment obligations to Biopharma accelerate in the event of a change of control transaction. See  Risk Factors   Fa  ilure to meet our obligations under our Financing Agreement with Biopharma could adversely affect our financial results and liquidity.  These provisions in our charter and bylaws and under Delaware law and the Financing Agreement could reduce the price tha  t investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock in the future and result in the market price being lower than it would be without these provisions.  

ITEM 2.   
 
     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

 None. 

ITEM 3.   
 
   DEFAULT  S UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

 Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.   
 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.   
 
     OTHER INFORMATION    

 None. 

35 

ITEM 6.   
 
          EX  HIBITS     

Exhibit  

Number  

Description of Document  

3.1  

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2012).  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2007).  

31.1  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of the registrant.  

31.2  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of G. Charles Robb, Chief Financial Officer of the registrant.  

32.1  

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certifications of Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of the registrant.  

32.2  

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certifications of G. Charles Robb, Chief Financial Officer of the registrant.  

101  

The following materials from the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) unaudited Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)_ for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.  

36 

SIGNA  TURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CORCEPT THERAPEUTICS INCORPORATED  

Date: November 1, 2016  
 
 /s/ Joseph K. Belanoff  

Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D. 
 Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 1, 2016  
 
 /s/ G. Charles Robb  

G. Charles Robb  

Chief Financial Officer  

37 

Exhibit Index  

Exhibit  

Number  

Description of Document  

3.1  

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2012).  

3.2  

Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2007).  

31.1  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of the registrant.  

31.2  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications of G. Charles Robb, Chief Financial Officer of the registrant.  

32.1  

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certifications of Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of the registrant.  

32.2  

18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certifications of G. Charles Robb, Chief Financial Officer of the registrant.  

101  

The following materials from the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) unaudited Condensed Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) unaudited Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine- month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Financial Statements.  

38  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cort-ex311_8.htm
 EX-31.1

cort-ex311_8.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION  
 I, Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D., certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ Joseph K. Belanoff  

Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D.  

Chief Executive Officer and President  

November 1, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cort-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

cort-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION  
 I, G. Charles Robb, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

/s/ G. Charles Robb  

G. Charles Robb  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

November 1, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cort-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

cort-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Joseph K. Belanoff  

Joseph K. Belanoff, M.D.  

Chief Executive Officer and President  

November 1, 2016  

This certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cort-ex322_9.htm
 EX-32.2

cort-ex322_9.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, G. Charles Robb, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ G. Charles Robb  

G. Charles Robb  

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary  

November 1, 2016  

This certification is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cort-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cort-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cort-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cort-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cort-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cort-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

