<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1104265_0001213900-16-018796_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3118386</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103370</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>207693</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>605344</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1245711</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>896821</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018796.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121143914
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018796
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GROW SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001104265
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				870575118
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29301
		FILM NUMBER:		162010046

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 BROADWAY - SUITE 406
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-863-6341

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 BROADWAY - SUITE 406
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIGHTTOUCH VEIN & LASER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000127

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018796.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_growsolutionshold.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended:   September 30, 2016   

OR   

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from __________ to __________  

Commission
File No. 000-29301   

GROW
SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

1111
Broadway - Suite 406   

   Denver,
CO 80203   

  (Address
of principal executive offices)  

(646)
863-6341   

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes      No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  

Large
    accelerated filer  
       
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
       
      Smaller
    reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       No    

As
of November 21, 2016, there were 46,716,612 shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART
    I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item
    1.  
      Financial
    Statements  
      F-1   

Item
    2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      2   

Item
    3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      9   

Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures  
      9   

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
    1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings  
      10   

Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors  
      10   

Item
    2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      10   

Item
    3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities  
      10   

Item
    4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures  
      10   

Item
    5.  
      Other
    Information  
      10   

Item
    6.  
      Exhibits  
      11   

Signatures  
         
      12   

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements.   

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

Index
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

Page    

Condensed
    Consolidated Financial Statements:  

Condensed
    Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)  
         
      F-2   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)  
         
      F-3   

Condensed
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)  
         
      F-4   

Notes
    to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
         
      F-5   

Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc.   

    Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets    

    (Unaudited)    

See
accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements  

Grow
Solutions Holdings, Inc.   

    Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations    

    (Unaudited)    

See
accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements  

Grow
Solutions Holdings, Inc.   

    Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

    (Unaudited)    

See
accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements  

GROW
SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Note
1   Organization and Operations   

Grow
Solutions Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as LightTouch Vein   Laser, Inc. and Strachan, Inc.) (the  Company )
was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 1, 1981. Currently, the Company provides indoor and outdoor gardening
supplies to the rapidly growing garden industry.  

The
Merger   

Effective
April 28, 2015, the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  the Merger ) with Grow
Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Grow Solutions ) and LightTouch Vein   Laser Acquisition Corporation,
a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( LightTouch Acquisition ). Under the terms of
the Merger, Grow Solutions merged with LightTouch Acquisition and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Grow Solutions 
shareholders and certain creditors of the Company received 44,005,000 shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Grow Solutions. Following the closing of the Grow Solutions Agreement, Grow Solutions 
business became the primary focus of the Company and Grow Solutions management assumed control of the management of the Company
with the former director of the Company resigning upon closing of the Agreement. Shareholders maintained 1,886,612 shares as part
of the recapitalization.  

As
a result of the Merger, the Company discontinued its pre-Merger business. The Merger was accounted for as a  reverse merger, 
and Grow Solutions, was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the reverse merger. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and
the historical operations that will be reflected in the financial statements prior to the Merger will be those of Grow Solutions
and will be recorded at the historical cost basis and the consolidated financial statements after completion of the Merger will
include the assets and liabilities of Grow Solutions., historical operations of the Company, and operations of the Company and
its subsidiaries from the closing date of the Merger. As a result of the issuance of the shares of the Company s Common
Stock pursuant to the Merger, a change in control of the Company occurred as of the date of consummation of the Merger. The Merger
is intended to be treated as a tax-free exchange under Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. All historical
share amounts of the accounting acquirer were retrospectively recast to reflect the share exchange.  

The
Acquisition   

Effective
May 13, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  OneLove
Agreement ) with Grow Solutions Acquisition LLC, a Colorado limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company ( Grow Solutions Acquisition ), One Love Garden Supply LLC, a Colorado limited liability company ( OneLove ),
and all of the members of OneLove (the  Members ). On the Closing Date, OneLove merged with Grow Solutions Acquisition
and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Under the terms of the OneLove Agreement, the Members received (i) 1,450,000
shares of the Company s common stock (the  Equity ), (ii) Two Hundred Thousand Dollars (US$200,000) (the  Cash ),
and (iii) a cash flow promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $50,000 issued by OneLove in favor of the Members (the
 Cash Flow Note ), whereby each fiscal quarter, upon the Company recording on its financial statements $40,000 in
US GAAP Net Income ( Net Income ) from sales of the Company s products (the  Net Income Threshold ),
the Company shall pay to the Members 33% of the Company s Net Income generated above the Net Income Threshold. The aforementioned
obligations owed under the Cash Flow Note shall extinguish upon the earlier of (i) payment(s) by Company in an amount equal to
$50,000 in the aggregate or (ii) May 5, 2016 (collectively, the Cash Flow Note, the Equity, and the Cash, the  Consideration ).
The Consideration provided to the Members was in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of OneLove.
Following the Closing Date, OneLove s business was acquired by the Company and the Company s management assumed control
of the management of OneLove with the former managing members of OneLove resigning from OneLove upon closing of the OneLove Agreement.  

The
Company recorded the purchase of OneLove using the acquisition method of accounting as specified in ASC 805  Business
Combinations.  This method of accounting requires the acquirer to (i) record purchase consideration issued to sellers
in a business combination at fair value on the date control is obtained, (ii) determine the fair value of any non-controlling
interest, and (iii) allocate the purchase consideration to all tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their acquisition date fair values. Further, the Company commenced reporting the results of OneLove on a consolidated
basis with those of the Company effective upon the date of the acquisition  

The
Company consolidated OneLove as of the effective date of the agreement, and the results of operations of the Company include that
of OneLove. The Company recognized net revenues attributable to OneLove of $1,318,128 during the nine months ended September 30,
2015.  

The
following table summarizes fair values of the net liabilities assumed and the allocation of the aggregate fair value of the purchase
consideration, and net liabilities to assumed identifiable and unidentifiable intangible assets.  

The
fair value allocation is based on management s estimates:  

As
per the Acquisition agreement, the Company has paid all of the cash flow note and as of September 30, 2016, the balance of the
cash flow note is $0.  

Asset
Purchase Agreement   

On
September 23, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  APA )
by and among OneLove and D B Industries, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company doing business as Hygrow. On the Closing
Date, the Company purchased all of the assets, rights, properties, and business of Hygrow including certain debts of Hygrow (the
 Assets ). Under the terms and conditions of the APA, and for full consideration of the transfer of such Assets to
the Company on the Closing Date, the Company issued Hygrow three hundred thousand (300,000) shares of common stock of the Company
and a payment to Hygrow in the amount of $5,200 in cash. Following the Closing Date the Company s management assumed control
of the management of Hygrow with the former managing members of Hygrow resigning upon closing of the APA.  

The
Company recorded the purchase of Hygrow using the acquisition method of accounting as specified in ASC 805  Business
Combinations.  This method of accounting requires the acquirer to (i) record purchase consideration issued to sellers
in a business combination at fair value on the date control is obtained, (ii) determine the fair value of any non-controlling
interest, and (iii) allocate the purchase consideration to all tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their acquisition date fair values. Further, the Company commenced reporting the results of Hygrow on a consolidated
basis with those of the Company effective upon the date of the acquisition.  

The
Company consolidated Hygrow as of the effective date of the agreement, and the results of operations of the Company include that
of Hygrow. The Company recognized net revenues attributable to Hygrow of $1,318,128 during the nine months ended September
30, 2015.  

The
following table summarizes fair values of the net liabilities assumed and the allocation of the aggregate fair value of the purchase
consideration, and net liabilities to assumed identifiable and unidentifiable intangible assets.  

The
fair value allocation is based on management s estimates:  

The
Financing   

Also
during the period ended December 31, 2015, the Company completed a closing of a private placement offering (the  Offering )
of 2,705,000 Units, at a purchase price of $0.20 per Unit, each Unit consisting of 1 share of the Company s common stock,
and 1 stock purchase warrants. The warrants are exercisable at $0.40 per warrant into a share of the Company s common stock
and have a maturity of 3 years.  

The
aggregate gross proceeds from the closing were $541,000 (the Company recorded $332,570 for the fair value of the warrants as a
derivative liability).  

Note
2   Going Concern and Management s Plan   

The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
a working capital deficit of $331,650 and an accumulated deficit of $4,210,674.  The Company has a history net losses
since inception. The Company believes that it has sufficient cash to fund its operations.  However, there is no assurance
that the Company s projections and estimates are accurate.  In the event that the Company does not receive anticipated
proceeds operations and financings, it is possible that the Company would not have sufficient resources to continue as a going
concern for the next year. In order to mitigate these risks, the Company is actively managing and controlling the Company s
cash outflows. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  The
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of
asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern.  

The
Company s primary sources of operating funds since inception have been private equity, and debt and equity financings. The
Company intends to raise additional capital through private debt and equity investors. The Company needs to raise additional capital
in order to be able to accomplish its business plan objectives. The Company is continuing its efforts to secure additional funds
through debt or equity instruments. Management believes that it will be successful in obtaining additional financing based on
its history of raising funds; however, no assurance can be provided that the Company will be able to do so. There is no assurance
that any funds it raises will be sufficient to enable the Company to attain profitable operations or continue as a going concern.
To the extent that the Company is unsuccessful, the Company may need to curtail or cease its operations and implement a plan to
extend payables or reduce overhead until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no
assurance that such a plan will be successful.  

Note
3   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis
of presentation    

The
Company s condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission ( SEC ).  

The
unaudited condensed consolidated financial information furnished herein reflects all adjustments, consisting solely of normal
recurring items, which in the opinion of management are necessary to fairly state the financial position of the Company and the
results of its operations for the periods presented. This report should be read in conjunction with the Company s financial
statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ) on March 30, 2016. The Company assumes that the users of the interim financial
information herein have read or have access to the audited financial statements for the preceding fiscal year and that the adequacy
of additional disclosure needed for a fair presentation may be determined in that context. Accordingly, footnote disclosure, which
would substantially duplicate the disclosure contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 has
been omitted. The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire
year ending December 31, 2016 or any other period.  

Fair
value of financial instruments    

The
fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature.  

Principles
of Consolidation    

The
accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
One Love Garden Supply LLC. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

Use
of estimates and assumptions    

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s).  

Critical
accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and
judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact
of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates
and assumptions affecting the financial statements were:   

(1)  
       Fair
    value of long lived assets:  Fair value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted
    cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the
    newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long lived
    assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company considers the following to
    be some examples of important indicators that may trigger an impairment review: (i) significant under performance or
    losses of assets relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (ii) significant changes in the manner
    or use of assets or in the Company s overall strategy with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes
    in the Company s overall business strategy; (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iv) increased competitive
    pressures; (v) a significant decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period of time; and (vi) regulatory
    changes. The Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently upon
    the occurrence of such events.   

(2)  
       Valuation
    allowance for deferred tax assets:  Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets
    resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be
    offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of
    the net loss carry forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the
    Company has incurred a loss, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its
    daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.   

(3)  
       Estimates
    and assumptions used in valuation of equity instruments:  Management estimates expected term of share options and similar
    instruments, expected volatility of the Company s common shares and the method used to estimate it, expected annual
    rate of quarterly dividends, and risk free rate(s) to value share options and similar instruments.   

(4)  
       Estimates
    and assumptions used in valuation of derivative liability : Management utilizes an option pricing model to estimate the
    fair value of derivative liabilities. The model includes subjective assumptions that can materially affect the fair value
    estimates.   

These
significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached
to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.  

Management
bases its estimates on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as
a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Concentration
of credit risk    

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution
which, at times, may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents    

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash
equivalents. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $141,575 and $814,663,
respectively. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of
cash deposits. The Company maintains its cash in institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ).
At times, the Company s cash and cash equivalent balances may be uninsured or in amounts that exceed the FDIC insurance
limits.  

Inventories    

Inventories
are stated at lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) valuation method. Inventory was comprised of finished
goods at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Debt
Discount and Debt Issuance Costs    

Debt
discounts and debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the issuance of debt are capitalized and amortized to
interest expense based on the related debt agreements using the straight-line method. Unamortized discounts are netted against
long-term debt.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets    

The
Company assesses the recoverability of its long-lived assets, including property and equipment, when there are indications that
the assets might be impaired. When evaluating assets for potential impairment, the Company compares the carrying value of the
asset to its estimated undiscounted future cash flows.  If an asset s carrying value exceeds such estimated cash flows
(undiscounted and with interest charges), the Company records an impairment charge for the difference.  

Goodwill    

Goodwill
represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The Company is
required to perform impairment reviews at each of its reporting units annually and more frequently in certain circumstances. The
Company performs the annual assessment on December 31.  

In
accordance with ASC 350 20  Goodwill , the Company is able to make a qualitative assessment of whether
it is more likely than not that a reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount before applying the two step
goodwill impairment test. If the Company concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is
not less than its carrying amount it is not required to perform the two step impairment test for that reporting unit.  

Derivative
Liability    

The
Company evaluates its debt and equity issuances to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify
as derivatives to be separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph 815-10-05-4 and Section 815-40-25 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification. The result of this accounting treatment is that the fair value of the embedded derivative is marked-to-market
each balance sheet date and recorded as either an asset or a liability. In the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability,
the change in fair value is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion,
exercise or cancellation of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the date of conversion, exercise
or cancellation and then the related fair value is reclassified to equity.  

In
circumstances where the embedded conversion option in a convertible instrument is required to be bifurcated and there are also
other embedded derivative instruments in the convertible instrument that are required to be bifurcated, the bifurcated derivative
instruments are accounted for as a single, compound derivative instrument.  

The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is
re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject
to reclassification are reclassified to liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative
instrument liabilities will be classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement
of the derivative instrument is expected within 12 months of the balance sheet date.  

The
Company adopted Section 815-40-15 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 815-40-15 ) to determine
whether an instrument (or an embedded feature) is indexed to the Company s own stock.  Section 815-40-15 provides
that an entity should use a two-step approach to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature)
is indexed to its own stock, including evaluating the instrument s contingent exercise and settlement provisions.    

The
Company utilizes an option pricing model to compute the fair value of the derivative and to mark to market the fair value of the
derivative at each balance sheet date. The Company records the change in the fair value of the derivative as other income or expense
in the consolidated statements of operations.  

Revenue
Recognition    

The
Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable
and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has
been shipped to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.  

Equity based
compensation    

The
Company recognizes compensation expense for all equity based payments in accordance with ASC 718  Compensation
  Stock Compensation . Under fair value recognition provisions, the Company recognizes equity based compensation
net of an estimated forfeiture rate and recognizes compensation cost only for those shares expected to vest over the requisite
service period of the award.  

Restricted
stock awards are granted at the discretion of the Company. These awards are restricted as to the transfer of ownership and generally
vest over the requisite service periods, typically over a five year period (vesting on a straight line basis). The fair
value of a stock award is equal to the fair market value of a share of Company stock on the grant date.  

The
fair value of an option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black Scholes option valuation model. The Black Scholes
option valuation model requires the development of assumptions that are inputs into the model. These assumptions are the value
of the underlying share, the expected stock volatility, the risk free interest rate, the expected life of the option, the
dividend yield on the underlying stock and the expected forfeiture rate. Expected volatility is benchmarked against similar companies
in a similar industry over the expected option life and other appropriate factors. Risk free interest rates are calculated
based on continuously compounded risk free rates for the appropriate term. The dividend yield is assumed to be zero as the
Company has never paid or declared any cash dividends on its Common stock and does not intend to pay dividends on its Common stock
in the foreseeable future. The expected forfeiture rate is estimated based on management s best estimate.  

Determining
the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards requires the input of the
subjective assumptions described above. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of equity based payment awards
represent management s best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment.
As a result, if factors change and the Company uses different assumptions, our equity based compensation could be materially
different in the future. In addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and recognize expense only
for those shares expected to vest. If the Company s actual forfeiture rate is materially different from its estimate, the
equity based compensation could be significantly different from what the Company has recorded in the current period.  

The
Company accounts for share based payments granted to non employees in accordance with ASC 505-40,  Equity
Based Payments to Non Employees . The Company determines the fair value of the stock based payment as either
the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  If
the fair value of the equity instruments issued is used, it is measured using the stock price and other measurement assumptions
as of the earlier of either (1) the date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments
is reached, or (2) the date at which the counterparty s performance is complete. The fair value of the equity instruments
is re-measured each reporting period over the requisite service period.  

Loss
Per Share    

Basic
net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per common share is determined using the weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents. In periods when
losses are reported, which is the case for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 presented in these consolidated
financial statements, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock equivalents because their
inclusion would be anti-dilutive.  

The
Company had the following common stock equivalents at September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Subsequent
events      

The
Company has evaluated events that occurred subsequent to September 30, 2016 and through the date the financial statements were
issued.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . The revenue recognition standard affects all entities that have contracts
with customers, except for certain items. The new revenue recognition standard eliminates the transaction and industry-specific
revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP and replaces it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition.
In July 2015, the effective date was delayed one year by a vote by the FASB. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit
entities, and certain employee benefit plans would apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application would be permitted only
as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.
The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not, at the current time, quantified the effects of this pronouncement.  

In
January 2016, Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-01,   Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  . ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments to be measured
at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments
without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment; eliminates the requirement
for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required
to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; requires public business entities to
use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; requires an entity to
present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from
a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance
with the fair value option for financial instruments; requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities
by measurement category and form of financial assets on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements
and clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale
securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets. ASU 2016-01 is effective for financial statements
issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2016-06,   Derivatives and Hedging  (Topic 815).  The FASB issued this update to clarify the requirements
for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly
and closely related to their debt hosts. An entity performing the assessment under the amendments in this update is required to
assess the embedded call (put) options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. The updated guidance is effective
for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the
update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.  

In
April 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation  (Topic 718) . The FASB issued this update to improve
the accounting for employee share-based payments and affect all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees.
Several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax consequences;
(b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The updated
guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.   

In
May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements
and Practical Expedients  , which narrowly amended the revenue recognition guidance regarding collectability, noncash
consideration, presentation of sales tax and transition and is effective during the same period as ASU 2014-09. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of the new standard.  

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments   ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash
receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable
to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company
is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-15 on its consolidated financial statements.  

Note
4   Notes Receivable and accrued interest   

In
April 2014, the Company signed a letter of intent with Delta Entertainment Group ( Delta ) to enter into a reverse
merger transaction. In exchange for Delta s exclusivity until the earlier of the execution of a stock exchange agreement
or June 30, 2014, the Company paid Delta $25,000. Delta was to use the $25,000 to become current with its public filings. Since
the stock exchange transaction was not executed by June 30, 2014, the $25,000 that the Company provided to Delta reverted to a
one year note with an interest rate at 8% per annum. The Company determined that since Delta lacked the financial resources to
get current in its public filings, the collectability of the note was doubtful. Accordingly, the Company has not accrued any interest
income on the note and has booked a 100% reserve against the note receivable.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company executed a non-recourse loan and security agreement with Infinite Distribution
Inc. ( Infinite ) and paid Infinite gross proceeds of $200,000. The note accrues interest at 6% per annum maturing
on April 18, 2020.  

Note
5   Property and Equipment   

Property
and equipment consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Depreciation
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $7,355 and $1,115, respectively.  

Note
6   Convertible notes   

Debt
Offering (A)    

On
September 2, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement for the issuance of a convertible note to a third party lender for $120,000.
The note accrues interest at 12% per annum maturing on July 2, 2016. The notes are convertible into shares of common stock at
a conversion price equal to approximately 58% of the average of the lowest 3 trading prices for the common stock during the 20
day trading period ending on the latest and complete trading day prior to the conversion. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the lender elected to convert an aggregate of $94,108 of principal and accrued interest into 1,110,000 shares of common
stock. As of September 30, 2016, the principal and accrued interest on the notes due to the lender was $25,892.   

Debt
Offering (B)    

Effective
December 7, 2015, the Company closed a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) by and among the Company, as borrower,
Grow Solutions, Inc. and One Love Garden Supply LLC as jont and several guarantors (such guarantors, collectively, the  Subsidiaries 
and together with the Company, the  Borrowers ) and TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP, a Cayman Islands limited partnership,
as lender ( TCA ). Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, TCA agreed to loan the Company up to a maximum of $3,000,000
for the Company s product division, construction and renovation of two stores, and inventory. An initial amount of $950,000
was funded by TCA at the closing of the Credit Agreement.  Any increase in the amount extended to the Borrowers shall be
at the discretion of TCA.  

The
amounts borrowed pursuant to the Credit Agreement are evidenced by a Revolving Note (the  Revolving Note ) and the
repayment of the Revolving Note is secured by a first position security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets
in favor of TCA, as evidenced by a Security Agreement by and between the Company and TCA (the  Company Security Agreement )
and a first position security interest in substantially all of the Subsidiaries  assets in favor of TCA, as evidenced by
a Security Agreement by and among the Subsidiaries and TCA (the  Subsidiaries Security Agreement  and, together with
the Company Security Agreement, the  Security Agreements ).  The Revolving Note is in the original principal
amount of $950,000, is due and payable, along with interest thereon, on June 7, 2017 (the  Maturity Date ), and bears
interest at the rate of 18% per annum, with the first four months of payments by the Company under the Revolving Note being interest
only. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement) the interest rate shall increase to the
Default Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The payments under the Revolving Note are amortized over 18 months. During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company made principal and interest payments of $234,427 and $96,202, respectively.
The outstanding balance due under the note was $703,948 and $950,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

Only
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or mutual agreement between TCA and the Company, at the sole option of TCA, TCA may
convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and any other sums due and payable under
the Revolving Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85% of the lowest daily volume
weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the five trading days immediately prior to such applicable conversion
date, in each case subject to TCA not being able to beneficially own more than 4.99% of the Company s outstanding common
stock upon any conversion.  

As
further consideration for TCA entering into and structuring the Credit Agreement, the Company shall pay to TCA an advisory fee
by issuing shares of restricted common stock of the Company (the  Advisory Fee Shares ) equal to $325,000 (the  Advisory
Fee ). In the event that the Company pays TCA all of the outstanding obligations due under the Credit Agreement on or before
June 7, 2016, the Advisory Fee shall be reduced to $292,500. Additionally, as long as there is (i) no Event of Default, (ii) no
occurrence of any other event that would cause an Event of Default, and (iii) the Company makes timely Advisory Fee Payments (as
defined below), TCA agrees that it will not sell any Advisory Fee Shares in the Principal Trading Market (as defined in the Credit
Agreement) prior to the Maturity Date, in exchange for monthly cash payments by the Company beginning on July 4, 2016 and ending
on the Maturity Date as set forth in the Credit Agreement, which shall be credited and applied towards the repayment of the Advisory
Fee (the  Advisory Fee Payments ). In the event that TCA shall sell the Advisory Fee Shares, as long as there is no
Event of Default, TCA shall not, during any given calendar week, sell Advisory Fee Shares in excess of 25% of the average weekly
volume of the common stock of the Company on the Principal Trading Market over the immediately preceding calendar week.  

The
Company booked the $325,000 as debt discount.  

The
Company issued 325,000 shares of common stock to the creditor as compensation for financing costs of $325,000. The issuance of
the 325,000 shares has been recorded at par value with a corresponding decrease to paid-in capital. Upon the sale of the shares
by the creditor, the financing cost liability will be reduced by the amount of the proceeds with a corresponding increase to paid-in
capital. The Company will still be liable for any shortfall from the proceeds realized by the creditor. The ultimate amount to
be recorded in satisfaction of the debt will not exceed the balance of the financing cost recorded.  

Debt
Offering (C)    

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement for the issuance of convertible notes to third
party lenders for aggregate proceeds of $1,117,000. The notes accrue interest at 12% per annum maturing two years from issuance.
The notes are convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.80.  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total outstanding balance of the above convertible notes, net of debt discount,
was $1,421,800 and $108,763, respectively.  

Derivative
Analysis    

Because
the conversion feature included in the convertible note payable has full reset adjustments tied to future issuances of equity
securities by the Company, it is subject to derivative liability treatment under Section 815-40-15 of the FASB Accounting Standard
Codification ( Section 815-40-15 ).  

Generally
accepted accounting principles require that:  

a.  
      Derivative
    financial instruments be recorded at their fair value on the date of issuance and then adjusted to fair value at each subsequent
    balance sheet date with any change in fair value reported in the statement of operations; and   

b.  
      The
    classification of derivative financial instruments be reassessed as of each balance sheet date and, if appropriate, be reclassified
    as a result of events during the reporting period then ended.   

Upon
issuance of the note, a debt discount was recorded and any difference in comparison to the face value of the note, representing
the fair value of the conversion feature and the warrants in excess of the debt discount, was immediately charged to interest
expense.  The debt discount is amortized over the earlier of (i) the term of the debt or (ii) conversion of the debt, using
the straight-line method which approximates the interest method. The amortization of debt discount is included as a component
of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. There was unamortized debt discount of $425,040 and $961,237
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

The
fair value of the embedded conversion feature was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. See Note 7 for the estimates
and assumptions used.  

Note
7   Derivative Liabilities   

In
connection with the private placement and debt transactions during the period ended December 31, 2015, the Company issued 4,955,000
warrants, to purchase common stock with an exercise price of $0.40 and a three year term. The Company identified certain put features
embedded in the warrants that potentially could result in a net cash settlement in the event of a fundamental transaction, requiring
the Company to classify the warrants as a derivative liability.  

In
connection with the issuance of a convertible note as discussed above in Note 5, the Company evaluated the note agreement to determine
if the agreement contained any embedded components that would qualify the agreement as a derivative. The Company identified certain
put features embedded in the convertible note agreement that potentially could result in a net cash settlement in the event of
a fundamental transaction, requiring the Company to classify the conversion feature as a derivative liability.  

Level
3 Financial Liabilities   Derivative convertible note and warrant liabilities    

The
following are the major categories of assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value during the nine months ended September
30, 2016, using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1), significant other observable inputs (Level 2),
and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):  

The
following table provides a summary of the changes in fair value, including net transfers in and/or out, of all financial assets
measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

The
fair value of the derivative feature of the convertible notes and warrants on the balance sheet date were calculated using an
option model valued with the following weighted average assumptions:  

Risk-free
interest rate: The Company uses the risk-free interest rate of a U.S. Treasury Note with a similar term on the date of the grant.  

Dividend
yield: The Company uses a 0% expected dividend yield as the Company has not paid dividends to date and does not anticipate declaring
dividends in the near future.  

Volatility:
The Company calculates the expected volatility of the stock price based on the corresponding volatility of the Company s
peer group stock price for a period consistent with the warrants  expected term.  

Remaining
term: The Company s remaining term is based on the remaining contractual maturity of the warrants.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company marked the derivative feature of the warrants to fair value and
recorded a gain (loss) of ($290,772) and $39,259, respectively, relating to the change in fair value.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company marked the derivative feature of the warrants to fair value and recorded
a loss of $89,357 and $136,298, relating to the change in fair value.  

Note
8   Stockholders  Equity   

Preferred
Stock    

The
Company is authorized to issue 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.001 par value, with such rights, preferences, variations
and such other designations for each class or series within a class as determined by the Board of Directors. The preferred stock
is not convertible into common stock, does not contain any cumulative voting privileges, and does not have any preemptive rights.
No shares of preferred stock have been issued.  

Common
Stock    

The
Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of $0.001 per share.  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 46,908,368 and 46,389,545 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding,
respectively.  

Options    

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted 475,000 options to employees and the board of directors for services
provided.  

The
fair values of the Company s options were estimated at the dates of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with
the following weighted average assumptions:  

Expected
term: The Company s expected term is based on the period the options are expected to remain outstanding. The Company estimated
this amount utilizing the  Simplified Method  in that the Company does not have sufficient historical experience to
provide a reasonable basis to estimate an expected term.   

Risk-free
interest rate: The Company uses the risk-free interest rate of a U.S. Treasury Note with a similar term on the date of the grant.  

Volatility:
The Company calculates the expected volatility of the stock price based on the corresponding volatility of the Company s
peer group stock price for a period consistent with the options  expected term.  

Dividend
yield: The Company uses a 0% expected dividend yield as the Company has not paid dividends to date and does not anticipate declaring
dividends in the near future.  

The
following is a summary of the Company s option activity during the period from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016:  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $0.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized an aggregate of $486,865 and $0, respectively, in stock-based
compensation related to stock options which is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.  

Warrants    

The
following is a summary of the Company s warrant activity during the period from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016:  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable was $0.  

Note
9   Related Party Transactions   

As
per the Acquisition agreement, fully described in Note 1, the Company has paid $50,000 of the $50,000 cash flow note and as of
September 30, 2016, the balance of the cash flow note is $0, payable to a related party.  

Note
10   Commitments and Contingencies   

Joint
Marketing Agreement with Jasper Group Holdings, Inc.    

On
June 29, 2015, the Company and Jasper Group Holdings, Inc. ( Jasper ), entered into a Joint Marketing Agreement (the
 Joint Marketing Agreement ) to provide services related to website creation for a legal cannabis job posting platform.
The website shall include an employee leasing program and allow employers, recruiters and potential employees to communicate through
its platform for a fee. All potential employees will be screened with background checks by independent third parties and provided
the necessary applications and related materials for individuals to become licensed in the legal cannabis industry on a state
by state basis. In accordance with the terms of the Joint Marketing Agreement, Jasper shall invest all funds necessary to form
the website.  

Pursuant
to the Joint Marketing Agreement, the Company issued to Jasper 250,000 common shares upon execution, the shares were issued on
July 22, 2015. Additionally, upon the transfer of ownership in the website from Jasper to the Company, the Company shall issue
to Jasper an additional 500,000 shares of common stock of the Company.  

Proceeds
derived from the Company s website shall be divided as follows: (i) the Company shall retain 75% of the gross proceeds less
any sales commissions to third parties collected by the Company for all business that is generated through the website (the  Net
Fees ) and pay to Jasper a commission equal to 25% of the Net Fees with payments due within 15 days of the end of each quarter
(ii) the Company shall grant to Jasper a warrant for the purchase of one share of common stock of the Company, with an exercise
price of $0.75 per share, for every dollar of revenue that the Company earns from the website, up to a maximum of One Million
Dollars ($1,000,000).  

The
initial term of the Joint Marketing Agreement shall be for three (3) years and shall automatically renew for additional three
year periods unless terminated by the Company with written notice at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the initial term,
or any subsequent term.  

Operating
Lease    

The
Company assumed the OneLove lease for storefront property in Colorado, which in November 2012, OneLove extended to an additional
three years to run from May 1, 2013 through April 30, 2016. The lease requires base annual rent of $60,000 and the Company s
pro-rata charges for operating expenses and taxes for the first year, with 3% increments thereafter.  

In
June 2016, OneLove executed a new lease agreement for its storefront property in Boulder, Colorado. The lease is for a five year
period and requires initial base annual rent of $93,600 with 5% increases thereafter. In addition, the Company is responsible
for its pro-rata charges for operating expenses and taxes for $39,624 per year.  

The
Company assumed the Hygrow leases for the storefront properties in Denver, Colorado and Pueblo, Colorado. The leases are on a
month to month basis with monthly payments of $3,700 and $800, respectively.  

Rent
expense totaled $176,106 and $31,388 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Future
minimum lease payments under these non-cancelable operating leases are approximately as follows:  

Litigation    

In
the normal course of business, the Company may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and assessments arising in the ordinary
course of business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. There are
no such matters as of September 30, 2016.  

Note
11   Subsequent Events   

The
Company has evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the consolidated financial statements
were issued to determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent
events, other than those mentioned elsewhere within this filing, to be disclosed.      

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

This
quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other reports filed by Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) from time to
time with the SEC contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are (collectively, the  Filings )
based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, the Company s management as well as estimates and assumptions
made by Company s management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which
are only predictions and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the Filings, the words  anticipate,   believe, 
 estimate,   expect,   future,   intend,   plan,  or the negative
of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
assumptions, and other factors, including the risks contained in the  Risk Factors  section of the Company s
Amended Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 5, 2016, relating to the Company s industry, the
Company s operations and results of operations, and any businesses that the Company may acquire. Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly
from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned.  

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities
laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results.  

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.  

Overview   

We
intend for this discussion to provide information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain
key items in those financial statements, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting
principles affect our financial statements.  

Business
Overview   

Grow
Solutions Holdings, Inc. is a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada (the  Company ). The
focus of the Company is to provide comprehensive services within the legal cannabis industry to those growing, processing and
dispensing legal cannabis and legal cannabis related products.  

The
Merger   

Effective
April 28, 2015, the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Grow Solutions Agreement )
with Grow Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Grow Solutions ) and LightTouch Vein   Laser Acquisition Corporation,
a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( LightTouch Acquisition ). Under the terms of
the Grow Solutions Agreement, Grow Solutions merged with LightTouch Acquisition and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
The Grow Solutions  shareholders and certain creditors of the Company received 44,005,000 shares of the Company s
common stock in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding shares of Grow Solutions. Following the closing of the Grow Solutions
Agreement, Grow Solutions  business became the primary focus of the Company and Grow Solutions management assumed control
of the management of the Company with the former director of the Company resigning upon closing of the Agreement.  

The
Grow Solutions Agreement and related transaction documents are included as exhibits to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2015 and is hereby incorporated by reference. All references to the
Grow Solutions Agreement and related transaction documents do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by
the text of such exhibits.   

Results
of Operations   

The
following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Net
Sales    

Net
sales increased to $1,706,216 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $993,077 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The increase in net sales is primarily related to the Company executing on their expansion strategy and completing the
acquisitions of OneLove in May 2015 and Hygrow in September 2015.  

Gross
Profit    

The
gross profit was $742,659 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $287,314 for the three months ended September 30,
2015. This increase is due to the acquisitions of OneLove in May 2015 and Hygrow in September 2015.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses    

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $2,059,393 and $539,516, respectively.
Selling, general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of professional fees related to operating as a public company
and payroll expenses from the operations of OneLove and Hygrow. The Company also recorded share-based compensation of $1,400,274
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 for services provided by employees and consultants.  

Other
income (expense)    

Other
income (expense) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $(497,903) and $27,701, respectively. Other expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of the change in fair value of the derivative liabilities of
$290,772, interest expense of $68,336, $157,179 and $20,649 from the interest expense, accretion of debt discount and amortization
of debt issuance costs related to the convertible notes, respectively, offset by other income of $39,033. Other income for the
three months ended September 30, 2015 consisted primarily of the change in fair value of the derivative liabilities of $39,259
offset by interest expense of $12,290.  

Net
Loss    

As
a result of the foregoing factors, the net loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,814,637 and $224,501,
respectively.  

The
following table sets forth the summary statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Net
Sales    

Net
sales increased to $4,749,122 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $1,318,128 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The increase in net sales is primarily related to the Company executing on their expansion strategy and completing the
acquisitions of OneLove in May 2015 and Hygrow in September 2015.  

Gross
Profit    

The
gross profit was $1,604,015 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $347,454 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016. This increase is due to the acquisitions of OneLove in May 2015 and Hygrow in September 2015.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses    

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $3,376,564 and $1,389,906, respectively.
Selling, general and administrative expenses consisted primarily of professional fees related to operating as a public company
and payroll expenses from the operations of OneLove and Hygrow. The Company also recorded share-based compensation of $1,400,274
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 for services provided by employees and consultants.  

Other
income (expense)    

Other
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $823,277 and $147,856, respectively. Other expenses for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of the consisted primarily of the change in fair value of the derivative
liabilities of $89,357, interest expense of $68,336, $157,179 and $20,649 from the interest expense, accretion of debt discount
and amortization of debt issuance costs related to the convertible notes, respectively, offset by other income of $43,473. Other
expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted primarily of the change in fair value of the derivative liabilities
of $136,298 and interest expense of $12,290.  

Net
Loss    

As
a result of the foregoing factors, the net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $2,595,826 and $1,190,308,
respectively.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

The
following table summarizes total current assets, liabilities and working capital at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31,
2015:  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had working capital deficit of ($331,650) as compared to working capital of $625,885 as of December
31, 2015, a decrease of $957,535. The decrease in working capital is primarily attributable to decreases in cash. These changes
were offset by increases in notes receivable, inventories and balances due from convertible notes.  

Net
Cash   

Net
cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $1,351,233 compared to $701,008 used in operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This change is primarily attributable to the net loss for the current period offset
by the change in accounts receivable of $68,829, share-based compensation of $1,400,274, the accretion of debt discount and debt
issuance costs of $606,478 and the change in fair value of the derivative liability of $89,357. These increases were offset by
changes in inventory and accounts payable and accrued expenses $162,077 and $760,710, respectively.  

Net
cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $27,843 for machinery and equipment purchased
during the period. In addition, the Company loaned $200,000 to a third party. Net cash used in investing activities during the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $193,313. The Company utilized net cash of $178,711 to complete the acquisitions of One
Love and Hygrow during the period. In addition, the Company paid $14,602 for the purchase of machinery and equipment during the
nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

Net
cash provided by financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $905,988 and $721,000, respectively.
These amounts during the current period represent repayments of $246,052 on outstanding notes payable offset by proceeds of $1,117,000
from the issuance of convertible notes payable. In addition we received proceeds of $75,040 from the issuance of common stock
issued to investors and we repaid a note payable totaling $40,000. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we received
proceeds of $616,000 from the issuance of common stock in a private placement offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act. In addition we received proceeds of $120,000 from a convertible note issued to a third party lender and paid $15,000 in debt
issuance costs related to the note.   

Liquidity   

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had a cash balance of $141,575 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company had
a net loss of $2,595,826. The Company believes it has sufficient cash on hand to meet its operating needs through the next 12
months.  

The
Acquisition   

Effective
May 13, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), the Company entered into an Acquisition Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  OneLove
Agreement ) with Grow Solutions Acquisition LLC, a Colorado limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company ( Grow Solutions Acquisition ), One Love Garden Supply LLC, a Colorado limited liability company ( OneLove ),
and all of the members of OneLove (the  Members ). On the Closing Date, OneLove merged with Grow Solutions Acquisition
and became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Under the terms of the OneLove Agreement, the Members received (i) 1,450,000
shares of the Company s common stock (the  Equity ), (ii) Two Hundred Thousand Dollars (US$200,000) (the  Cash ),
and (iii) a cash flow promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $50,000 issued by OneLove in favor of the Members (the
 Cash Flow Note ), whereby each fiscal quarter, upon the Company recording on its financial statements $40,000 in
US GAAP Net Income ( Net Income ) from sales of the Company s products (the  Net Income Threshold ),
the Company shall pay to the Members 33% of the Company s Net Income generated above the Net Income Threshold. The aforementioned
obligations owed under the Cash Flow Note shall extinguish upon the earlier of (i) payment(s) by Company in an amount equal to
$50,000 in the aggregate or (ii) May 5, 2016 (collectively, the Cash Flow Note, the Equity, and the Cash, the  Consideration ).
The Consideration provided to the Members was in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding membership interests of OneLove.
Following the Closing Date, OneLove s indoor and outdoor gardening supply business was acquired by the Company and the Company s
management assumed control of the management of OneLove with the former managing members of OneLove resigning from OneLove upon
closing of the OneLove Agreement.   

Additionally,
on the same date, the Company entered into a two year employment agreement (with three consecutive two year renewal options) with
Michael Leago ( Leago ), a former managing member of OneLove (the  Employment Agreement ). Under the terms
of the Employment Agreement, Leago serves as the Retail Grow Store Division Head and receives $65,000 per year, payable monthly
on the first Monday of each month. Additionally, each fiscal quarter of 2015, upon the Company recording on its financial statements
$40,000 in US GAAP gross pretax profits (the  Gross Pretax Profits ) from sales of the Retail Store Division of the
Company (the  Pretax Threshold ), the Company shall pay to Leago a cash payment equal to 15% of the Company s
Gross Pretax Profits generated above the Pretax Threshold, but in any event not to exceed $150,000 of bonus for the 2015 calendar
year paid to Leago.  

The
OneLove Agreement and related transaction documents are included as exhibits to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2015 and are hereby incorporated by reference. All references to the OneLove
Agreement and related transaction documents do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the text of such
exhibits.  

Joint
Marketing Agreement   

On
June 29, 2015, the Company and Jasper Group Holdings, Inc. ( Jasper ), entered into a Joint Marketing Agreement (the
 Joint Marketing Agreement ) whereby Jasper shall provide services related to website creation for a legal cannabis
job posting platform. The website shall include an employee leasing program and allow employers, recruiters and potential employees
to communicate through its platform for a fee. All potential employees will be screened with background checks by independent
third parties and provided the necessary applications and related materials for individuals to become licensed in the legal cannabis
industry on a state by state basis. In accordance with the terms of the Joint Marketing Agreement, Jasper shall invest all funds
necessary to form the website.  

Pursuant
to the Joint Marketing Agreement, the Company issued to Jasper 250,000 common shares upon execution. Additionally, upon the transfer
of ownership in the website from Jasper to the Company, the Company shall issue to Jasper an additional 500,000 shares of common
stock of the Company.  

Proceeds
derived from the Company s website shall be divided as follows: (i) the Company shall retain 75% of the gross proceeds less
any sales commissions to third parties collected by the Company for all business that is generated through the website (the  Net
Fees ) and pay to Jasper a commission equal to 25% of the Net Fees with payments due within 15 days of the end of each quarter
(ii) the Company shall grant to Jasper a warrant for the purchase of one share of common stock of the Company, with an exercise
price of $0.75 per share, for every dollar of revenue that the Company earns from the website, up to a maximum of One Million
Dollars ($1,000,000).  

The
initial term of the Joint Marketing Agreement shall be for three (3) years and shall automatically renew for additional three
year periods unless terminated by the Company with written notice at least 30 days prior to the expiration of the initial term,
or any subsequent term.  

Debt
and Equity Financing   

On
September 2, 2015 (the  Effective Date ), Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ),
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  SPA ) to issue and sell a Convertible Promissory Note (the  Note 
and together with the SPA, the  Transaction Documents ) to an institutional investor (the  Investor ),
in the principal amount of $120,000 (the  Principal Amount ). Pursuant to the Transaction Documents, on or about September
3, 2015 the Company received $120,000 in funding from the Investor (the  Closing Date ). The Company s issuance
of the securities to the Investor pursuant to the SPA are exempt from registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the  Securities Act ), pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act. The Note shall mature on June 2, 2016 (the  Maturity Date ) and shall accrue
interest at an annual rate equal to 12%. The Principal Amount and interest shall be paid on the Maturity Date (or sooner as provided
in the Note), in cash or, in shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Common Stock ).
In accordance with the terms of the Note, the Investor shall be entitled to convert a portion or all of the Principal Amount and
interest due and outstanding under the Note into shares of Common Stock equal to 48% of the average of the lowest three (3) trading
prices during the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date.   

Additionally,
on September 8, 2015, the Company sold 425,000 units, at a purchase price of $0.20 per unit to one investor (the  Subscription ).
Each unit consisting of one share of the Company s common stock, and one common stock purchase warrant. The warrants are
exercisable at $0.40 per warrant into a share of the Company s common stock and have a maturity of three years. The aggregate
gross proceeds from the Subscription was $85,000.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement for the issuance of convertible notes to third
party lenders for aggregate proceeds of $1,117,000 (the  Notes ). The Notes accrue interest at 12% per annum maturing
two years from issuance. The Notes are convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.80.  

Additionally,
during September 2016, the Company sold 166,576 units, at a purchase price of $0.45 per unit to two investors. Each unit consisting
of one share of the Company s common stock, and one common stock purchase warrant. The warrants are exercisable at $0.40
per warrant into a share of the Company s common stock and have a maturity of three years. The aggregate gross proceeds
from the Subscription was $75,040.  

Hygrow
Asset Purchase   

Effective
September 23, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company )
entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  APA ) by and among One Love Garden Supply LLC, a Colorado limited liability
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Buyer ), and D B Industries, LLC, a Colorado limited liability
company doing business as Hygrow ( Seller ). On the Closing Date, the Buyer purchased and the Seller sold all of the
assets, rights, properties, and business of the Seller including certain debts of the Seller (the  Assets ). Under
the terms and conditions of the APA, and for full consideration of the transfer of such Assets to the Buyer on the Closing Date,
Buyer issued to Seller three hundred thousand (300,000) shares of common stock of the Company and a payment from Buyer to Seller
in the amount of $5,200 in cash (the  Consideration ). Following the Closing Date, the Assets were acquired by the
Buyer and the Company s management assumed control of the management of the Seller with the former managing members of the
Seller resigning from the Seller upon closing of the APA. All references to the APA do not purport to be complete and are qualified
in their entirety by the text of such exhibits.  

Credit
Agreement   

Effective
December 7, 2015, Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) closed a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement )
by and among the Company, as borrower, Grow Solutions, Inc. and One Love Garden Supply LLC as joint and several guarantors (such
guarantors, collectively, the  Subsidiaries  and together with the Company, the  Borrowers ) and TCA Global
Credit Master Fund, LP, a Cayman Islands limited partnership, as lender ( TCA ). Pursuant to the Credit Agreement,
TCA agreed to loan the Company up to a maximum of $3,000,000 for the Company s product division, construction and renovation
of two stores, and inventory. An initial amount of $950,000 was funded by TCA at the closing of the Credit Agreement. Any increase
in the amount extended to the Borrowers shall be at the discretion of TCA.  

The
amounts borrowed pursuant to the Credit Agreement are evidenced by a Revolving Note (the  Revolving Note ) and the
repayment of the Revolving Note is secured by a first position security interest in substantially all of the Company s assets
in favor of TCA, as evidenced by a Security Agreement by and between the Company and TCA (the  Company Security Agreement )
and a first position security interest in substantially all of the Subsidiaries  assets in favor of TCA, as evidenced by
a Security Agreement by and among the Subsidiaries and TCA (the  Subsidiaries Security Agreement  and, together with
the Company Security Agreement, the  Security Agreements ). The Revolving Note is in the original principal amount
of $950,000, is due and payable, along with interest thereon, on June 7, 2017 (the  Maturity Date ), and bears interest
at the rate of 18% per annum, with the first four months of payments by the Company under the Revolving Note being interest only.
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement) the interest rate shall increase to the Default
Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The payments under the Revolving Note are amortized over 18 months.  

Only
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or mutual agreement between TCA and the Company, at the sole option of TCA, TCA may
convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest, and any other sums due and payable under
the Revolving Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to 85% of the lowest daily volume
weighted average price of the Company s common stock during the five trading days immediately prior to such applicable conversion
date, in each case subject to TCA not being able to beneficially own more than 4.99% of the Company s outstanding common
stock upon any conversion.  

As
further consideration for TCA entering into and structuring the Credit Agreement, the Company shall pay to TCA an advisory fee
by issuing shares of restricted common stock of the Company (the  Advisory Fee Shares ) equal to $325,000 (the  Advisory
Fee ). In the event that the Company pays TCA all of the outstanding obligations due under the Credit Agreement on or before
June 7, 2015, the Advisory Fee shall be reduced to $292,500. Additionally, as long as there is (i) no Event of Default (ii) no
occurrence of any other event that would cause an Event of Default, and (iii) the Company makes timely Advisory Fee Payments (as
defined below), TCA agrees that it will not sell any Advisory Fee Shares in the Principal Trading Market (as defined in the Credit
Agreement) prior to the Maturity Date, in exchange for monthly cash payments by the Company beginning on July 4, 2016 and ending
on the Maturity Date as set forth in the Credit Agreement, which shall be credited and applied towards the repayment of the Advisory
Fee (the  Advisory Fee Payments ). In the event that TCA shall sell the Advisory Fee Shares, as long as there is no
Event of Default, TCA shall not, during any given calendar week, sell Advisory Fee Shares in excess of 25% of the average weekly
volume of shares reported by Bloomberg.  

As
additional security, the Company pledged its ownership interests in the Subsidiaries, pursuant to a Stock Pledge and Escrow Agreement
entered into as of December 7, 2015 (the  Pledge Agreement ).  

The
above descriptions of the Credit Agreement, Revolving Note, Security Agreements and Pledge Agreement do not purport to be complete
and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the documents themselves, filed in a Current Report on Form 8-K with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 23, 2015, as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, 10.4 and 10.5, respectively.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had no off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

We
believe that the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.    

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period.  

The
Company s significant accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were the valuation allowance
for deferred tax assets and estimates and assumptions used in valuation of equity instruments. Those significant accounting estimates
or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to those estimates or assumptions,
and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.  

Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources.  

Management
regularly reviews its estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience
and reasonable assumptions. After such reviews, and if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

Income
Taxes   

We
comply with section 740 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for income taxes, which requires an asset and liability
approach to financial reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based
on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred income tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.  

Stock
Based Compensation   

All
stock-based payments to employees, non-employee consultants, and to nonemployee directors for their services as directors, including
any grants of restricted stock and stock options, are measured at fair value on the grant date and recognized in the statements
of operations as compensation or other expense over the relevant service period. Stock-based payments to nonemployees are recognized
as an expense over the period of performance. Such payments are measured at fair value at the earlier of the date a performance
commitment is reached or the date performance is completed. In addition, for awards that vest immediately and are non-forfeitable
the measurement date is the date the award is issued.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statements.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures.   

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    

In
connection with the preparation of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, our Principal
Executive Officer ( PEO ) and Principal Financial Officer ( PFO ) evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our PEO and PFO concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report were not effective such that the
information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC ) rules and
forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives
of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.  

(b)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.    

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act, during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.   

We
are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or
results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our
subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our
subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse
effect.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

We
believe there are no changes that constitute material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Prospectus Supplement
filed with the SEC on May 10, 2016.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

Other
than as disclosed below, there were no unregistered sales of the Company s equity securities during the quarter ended September
30, 2016 other than those previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K.  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement for the issuance of convertible notes to third
party lenders for aggregate proceeds of $1,117,000. The notes accrue interest at 12% per annum maturing two years from issuance.
The notes are convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.80.   

These securities were not registered
under the Securities Act, but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The securities were exempt
from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because the issuance of such securities by the Company did not involve
a  public offering,  as defined in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, due to the insubstantial number of
persons involved in the transaction, size of the offering, and manner of the offering and number of securities offered. The Company
did not undertake an offering in which it sold a high number of securities to a high number of investors. In addition, the Investors
had the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act since they agreed to, and received, the
securities bearing a legend stating that such securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This restriction
ensures that these securities would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a  public
offering.  Based on an analysis of the above factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify for exemption under
Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

There
has been no default in the payment of principal, interest, sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default,
with respect to any indebtedness of the Company.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
applicable.  

Item
5. Other Information.   

Not
applicable.  

Item
6. Exhibits.   

*
Filed herewith  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.  

GROW
    SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS, INC.    

Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Jeffrey Beverly    

Name:   
      Jeffrey
    Beverly   

Title:  
      President   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

(Principal
    Financial Officer)   

(Principal
    Accounting Officer)   

12  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_growsolution.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Jeffrey Beverly, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Jeffrey Beverly    

Jeffrey
    Beverly   

Principal
        Executive Officer  
          Grow
        Solutions Holdings, Inc.    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_growsolution.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF   

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Jeffrey Beverly, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Jeffrey Beverly    

Jeffrey
    Beverly   

Principal
        Financial Officer  
          Grow
        Solutions Holdings, Inc.    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_growsolution.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF   

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with this Quarterly Report of Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey Beverly, Principal
Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(2)  
      The
    information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all
    material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Jeffrey Beverly    

Jeffrey
    Beverly   

Principal
        Executive Officer  
          Grow
        Solutions Holdings, Inc.    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_growsolution.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF   

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with this Quarterly Report of Grow Solutions Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jeffrey Beverly, Principal
Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(2)  
      The
    information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, fairly presents, in all
    material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
    November 21, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Jeffrey Beverly    

Jeffrey
    Beverly   

Principal
        Financial Officer  
          Grow
        Solutions Holdings, Inc.    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 grso-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 grso-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 grso-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 grso-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 grso-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 grso-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

