<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1373670_0001373670-16-000079_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5685738</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135822</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>318127</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1842447</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2372894</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>909130</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>37</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001373670-16-000079.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107161435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001373670-16-000079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Green Brick Partners, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001373670
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				205952523
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33530
		FILM NUMBER:		161978273

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2805 DALLAS PARKWAY, STE 400
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75093
		BUSINESS PHONE:		469-573-6763

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2805 DALLAS PARKWAY, STE 400
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75093

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BioFuel Energy Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001373670-16-000079.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 a930201610-qgrbk.htm
 9.30.2016 10-Q GRBK

Document 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ___________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  ___________________ 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  or 

For the transition period from           to  
    
  Commission file number: 001-33530 
               Green Brick Partners, Inc. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).Yes       No     
    
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
  Large accelerated filer       Accelerated filer       Non-accelerated filer       Smaller reporting company     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes       No     
    
   The number of shares of the Registrant's common stock outstanding as of   November 3, 2016   was   48,937,084  . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                      PART I  
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
     1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
     1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     3 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated  Financial Statements  
     4 
        
    Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     19 
        
    Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     34 
        
    Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
     35 
       PART II  
    OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
     36 
        
    Item1A. 
     Risk Factors  
     36 
        
    Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     36 
        
    Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
     37 

Signatures  
     38 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    
  ITEM 1.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

GREEN BRICK PARTNERS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

GREEN BRICK PARTNERS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

GREEN BRICK PARTNERS, INC. 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

GREEN BRICK PARTNERS, INC. 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  When used in these notes, references to the  Company ,  Green Brick ,  we ,  us  or  our  refer to the combined company, which has been renamed Green Brick Partners, Inc. and its subsidiaries, resulting from the acquisition by BioFuel Energy Corp. and its then consolidated subsidiaries ( BioFuel ) of  JBGL Builder Finance LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively,  Builder Finance ), and JBGL Capital Companies ( Capital ), a combined group of commonly managed limited liability companies and partnerships (collectively with Builder Finance,  JBGL ) by means of a reverse recapitalization transaction on October 27, 2014. 
    
  Green Brick Partners, Inc. (formerly named BioFuel Energy Corp.) was incorporated as a Delaware corporation on April 11, 2006, to invest solely in BioFuel Energy, LLC, a limited liability company organized on January 25, 2006, to build and operate ethanol production facilities in the Midwestern United States. On November 22, 2013, the Company disposed of its ethanol plants and all related assets. Following the disposition of these production facilities, we were a public shell company with no substantial operations. 
    
  On June 10, 2014, the Company entered into a definitive transaction agreement with the owners of JBGL, which provided that we would acquire JBGL for   $275 million  , payable in cash and shares of our common stock (the  Transaction ). JBGL is a real estate operator involved in the purchase and development of land for residential use, construction lending and home building operations. The Transaction was completed on October 27, 2014 (the  Transaction Date ). Pursuant to the terms of the Transaction, we paid the   $275 million   purchase price with approximately   $191.8 million   in cash and the remainder in   11,108,500   shares of our common stock valued at approximately   $7.49   per share. 
    
  The cash portion of the purchase price was primarily funded from the proceeds of a   $70.0 million   rights offering conducted by the Company (the   $70.0 million   includes proceeds from purchases of shares of common stock by certain funds and accounts managed by Greenlight Capital, Inc. and its affiliates ( Greenlight ) and Third Point LLC and its affiliates ( Third Point )) and   $150.0 million   of debt financing provided by Greenlight pursuant to a loan agreement, with the lenders from time to time party thereto (the  Loan Agreement ), which provided for a   five   year term loan facility (the  Term Loan Facility ). In 2015, the Loan Agreement was repaid in full. 
    
  The   $70.0 million   rights offering included a registered offering by the Company of transferable rights to the public holders of its common stock, as of September 15, 2014 (the  Rights Offering ) to purchase additional shares of common stock. Each right permitted the holder to purchase, at a rights price ultimately equal to   $5.00   per share of common stock,   2.2445   shares of common stock.   4,843,384   shares of common stock were purchased in the public Rights Offering for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately   $24.2 million  . 
    
  In addition to the Rights Offering, Greenlight and Third Point participated in a private rights offering to purchase additional shares of common stock pursuant to commitment letters. Pursuant to its commitment letter, Third Point agreed to participate in the private rights offering for its full basic subscription privilege in the Rights Offering and to purchase, simultaneously with the consummation of the Rights Offering to the public, all of the available shares not otherwise sold in the Rights Offering following the exercise of all other public holders  basic subscription privileges. Pursuant to such commitment letters, Greenlight purchased   4,957,618   shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately   $24.8 million   and Third Point purchased   4,198,998   shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately   $21.0 million  . 
    
  At the time the Transaction was completed, BioFuel was a non-operating public shell corporation with nominal operations and assets consisting of cash, deferred tax assets, and nominal other nonoperating assets. As a result of the Transaction, the owners and management of JBGL gained effective operating control of the combined company. As of the Transaction Date, BioFuel did not meet the definition of a business for accounting purposes. 
    
  Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes, the Transaction was deemed to be a capital transaction in substance and recorded as a reverse recapitalization of JBGL whereby JBGL is deemed to be the continuing, surviving entity for accounting purposes, but through reorganization, has deemed to have adopted the capital structure of BioFuel. Because the acquisition was considered a reverse recapitalization for accounting purposes, the combined historical financial statements of JBGL became our historical financial statements and from the completion of the acquisition on October 27, 2014, the financial statements have been prepared on a consolidated basis. The assets and liabilities of BioFuel have been brought forward at their book value and   no   goodwill has been recognized in connection with the Transaction.  
  
    4 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

As a result of the Transaction, Green Brick changed its business direction and is now in the real estate industry. We are a uniquely structured company that combines residential land development and homebuilding. We acquire and develop land, provide land and construction financing to our controlled builders and participate in the profits of our controlled builders. Our core markets are in the high growth U.S. metropolitan areas of Dallas, Texas and Atlanta, Georgia. We are engaged in all aspects of the homebuilding process, including land acquisition and development, entitlements, design, construction, marketing and sales and the creation of brand images at our residential neighborhoods and master planned communities. 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q consist of JBGL and BioFuel Energy, LLC. 
    
  Condensed Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), but do not include all of the information and footnotes required for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for the periods presented reflect all adjustments, of a normal, recurring nature, necessary to fairly state our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on   March 30, 2016  . Our operating results for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future periods. 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the historic accounts of JBGL and are consolidated with Green Brick beginning October 27, 2014. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Investments in which the Company directly or indirectly has an interest of more than   50   percent and/or is able to exercise control over the operations have been fully consolidated and noncontrolling interests are stated separately in the condensed consolidated financial statements as required under the provisions of FASB ASC 810,   Consolidations  . 
    
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, including the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Noncontrolling Interests 
  We own   50%   controlling interests in several builders. The financial statements of these builders are consolidated in our condensed consolidated financial statements. The noncontrolling interests attributable to the   50%   minority interests not owned by us are included as part of noncontrolling interests on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Segment Information 
  The Company s operations are organized into   two   reportable segments: builder operations and land development. Builder operations consist of   two   operating segments: Texas and Georgia. In accordance with ASC 280,   Segment Reporting  , in determining the most appropriate reportable segments, we considered similar economic and other characteristics, geography, including product types, production processes, average selling prices, gross profits, suppliers, land acquisition results, and underlying demand and supply. 
    
  Reclassifications 
  Beginning in the third quarter of 2015, model home furnishings were reclassified from property and equipment, net in the condensed consolidated balance sheet to inventory. Depreciation of model home furnishings for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   has been reclassified from depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of income to cost of residential units to conform to the current period presentation. 
    
  Cash related to refundable customer deposits, which are not held in escrow, has been reclassified from restricted cash in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2015 and the accompanying condensed consolidated  
  
    5 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

statements of cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to cash and cash equivalents to conform to the current period presentation. 
    
  Out-of-Period Adjustment 
  During the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded an out-of-period adjustment associated with a   $1.9 million   overaccrual of distributions payable recorded during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2014. As a result, as of December 31, 2014, accrued expenses was overstated and retained earnings was understated by   $1.9 million  . After evaluating the quantitative and qualitative aspects of the out-of-period adjustment, management has determined that the adjustment is not material to any prior period financial statements. 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in GAAP when it becomes effective. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  , which delayed the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year. Subsequent to the issuance of ASU 2014-09, the FASB issued several amendments in 2016 to the original standard including ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing   and ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  . These amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance stated in ASU 2014-09. Rather, they are intended to clarify and improve understanding of certain topics included in ASU 2014-09. ASU 2014-09 and the related amendments are effective for the Company beginning on   January 1, 2018  . Early adoption is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The standard permits the use of either the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective approach. The Company has not yet selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the effect that the standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
    
  In February 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  , which amends the consolidation requirements in ASC 810, primarily related to limited partnerships and VIEs. This standard was effective for the Company beginning on   January 1, 2016  . The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In April 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This standard was effective for the Company beginning on   January 1, 2016  . In August 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements   Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting  , which clarified that the SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of such arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. As permitted, the Company is deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to its lines of credit as assets and subsequently amortizing the costs straight line over the term of the lines of credit. 
    
  In November 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  , as part of its simplification initiative. The standard amends the existing guidance to require that deferred income tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet, and eliminates the prior guidance which required an entity to separate deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a noncurrent amount in a classified balance sheet. The standard is effective for the Company beginning on   January 1, 2017  . Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual period. Additionally, the new guidance may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The Company does not believe that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  , which requires an entity that leases assets to classify the leases as either finance or operating leases and to record assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by long-term leases, regardless of the lease classification. The lease classification will determine whether the lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest rate method or on a straight line basis over the term of the lease. This standard is effective for the Company beginning on   January 1, 2019   and must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. The Company does not  
  
    6 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

believe that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which simplifies several aspects related to the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, statutory tax withholding requirements and classification on the statement of cash flows. This standard is effective for the Company beginning on   January 1, 2017  . The Company is currently evaluating the effect that this standard will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In August 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which reduces the existing diversity in practice in financial reporting across all industries by clarifying certain existing principles in ASC 230,   Statement of Cash Flows  , including providing additional guidance on how and what an entity should consider in determining the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments. This standard is effective for the Company beginning on   January 1, 2018  . The Company does not believe that the adoption of this standard will have a material effect on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

2. NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO GREEN BRICK PARTNERS, INC. PER SHARE 
    
  The Company's restricted stock awards have the right to receive forfeitable dividends on an equal basis with common stock and therefore are not considered participating securities that must be included in the calculation of net income per share using the two-class method. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period, adjusted for non-vested shares of restricted stock awards during each period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the treasury stock method and includes the effect of all dilutive securities, including stock options and restricted stock awards. 
    
  The computation of basic and diluted net income attributable to Green Brick Partners, Inc. per share using the treasury stock method is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

7 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

The following securities that could potentially dilute earnings per share in the future are not included in the determination of diluted net income attributable to Green Brick Partners, Inc. per common share (in thousands):   

3. INVENTORY 
    
  Inventory consists of land in the process of development, undeveloped land, developed lots, completed homes, raw land scheduled for development, and land not owned under option agreements in Texas and Georgia. Inventory is valued at cost unless the carrying value is determined to be not recoverable in which case the affected inventory is written down to fair value. Cost includes any related pre-acquisition costs that are directly identifiable with a specific property so long as those pre-acquisition costs are recoverable at the sale of the property. 
    
  A summary of inventory is as follows (in thousands): 

The Company capitalizes interest costs incurred to inventory during active development and other qualifying activities. Interest capitalized as cost of inventory is charged to cost of sales as related homes, land and/or lots are closed. Interest incurred on undeveloped land is directly expensed and included in interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. 
    
  Interest costs incurred, capitalized and expensed were as follows (in thousands): 

4. DEBT 
    
  Lines of Credit 
  Lines of credit outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consist of the following (in thousands): 

(1) 
    On   July 30, 2015  , the Company replaced its John's Creek credit facility with a new revolving credit facility with Inwood, which provides for up to   $50.0 million   and is secured by land owned in John s Creek, Georgia, Allen, Texas, and Carrollton, Texas. The costs associated with the new revolving credit facility of   $0.4 million   were deferred and are included in other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company is   amortizing these debt issuance  
     
    8 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

costs to interest expense over the term of the new revolving credit facility using the straight line method  . Amounts outstanding under the new revolving credit facility is secured by mortgages on real property and security interests in certain personal property (to the extent that such personal property is connected with the use and enjoyment of the real property) that is owned by certain of the Company's subsidiaries, including land owned in John s Creek, Georgia, Allen, Texas, and Carrollton, Texas. The amounts outstanding under the new revolving credit facility are also guaranteed by certain of the Company's subsidiaries.  
  Before the amendment (as discussed below), the new revolving credit facility was subject to a borrowing base limitation equal to the sum of   50%   of the total value of land and   60%   of the total value of lots owned by certain of the Company's subsidiaries, each as determined by an independent appraiser, with the value of land being restricted from being more than   50%   of the borrowing base. Outstanding borrowings under the new revolving credit facility bear interest payable monthly at a floating rate per annum equal to the rate announced by Bank of America, N.A., from time to time, as its  Prime Rate  (the  Index ) with such adjustments to the interest rate being made on the effective date of any change in the Index. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the interest may not, at any time, be less than   4%   per annum or more than the lesser amount of   18%   and the highest maximum rate allowed by applicable law. The entire unpaid principal balance and any accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on the maturity date. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was   4.0%   per annum. 
  On May 3, 2016, the Company amended the new revolving credit facility. The amended revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base limitation equal to the sum of   50%   of the total value of land and   65%   of the total value of lots owned by certain of the Company's subsidiaries, each as determined by an independent appraiser, with the value of land being restricted from being more than   65%   of the borrowing base. Beginning on August 1, 2017, a non-usage fee equal to   0.25%   of the average unfunded amount of the   $50.0 million   commitment amount over a trailing 12 month period is due on or before August 1st of each year during the term of the amended revolving credit facility. The maturity date has been extended to   May 1, 2019  . The costs associated with the amendment of   $0.1 million   were deferred and are included in other assets in our consolidated. 
  Under the terms of the new revolving credit facility, the Company is required, among other things, to maintain minimum multiples of net worth in excess of the outstanding new revolving credit facility balance, minimum interest coverage and maximum leverage. The Company was in compliance with these financial covenants under the revolving credit facility as of   September 30, 2016  . 
           (2) 
    On December 15, 2015, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with the lenders named therein, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, providing for a senior, unsecured revolving credit facility with aggregate lending commitments of up to   $40.0 million   ( Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility ). Before the Amendment (as defined and discussed below) increased the maximum amount of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, the Company could, at its option and subject to certain terms and conditions, prior to the termination date, increase the amount of the revolving credit facility up to a maximum aggregate amount of   $75.0 million  . Commitments under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility are available until the period ending December 14, 2018, which period may be extended for additional one year periods, subject to the consent of the lenders and the satisfaction of certain other terms and conditions. Citibank, N.A. and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch have initially committed to provide   $25.0 million   and   $15.0 million  , respectively. 
     The costs associated with the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility of   $0.5 million   were deferred and are included in other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company is   amortizing these debt issuance costs to interest expense over the term of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility using the straight line method  . 
  The Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility provides for interest rate options on advances at rates equal to either: (x) in the case of base rate advances, the highest of (i) Citibank s base rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus   0.5%  , and (iii) the one-month LIBOR plus   1.0%  , in each case plus   1.5%  ; or (y) in the case of Eurodollar rate advances, the reserve adjusted LIBOR plus   2.5%  . Interest on amounts borrowed under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility is payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and December during such periods. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was   2.9%   per annum. 
  The Company pays the lenders a commitment fee on the amount of the unused commitments on a quarterly basis at a rate per annum equal to   0.45%  . 
  Outstanding borrowings under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility are subject to, among other things, a borrowing base. The borrowing base limitation is equal to the sum of:   100%   of unrestricted cash (in excess of   $15.0 million  );   85%   of the book value of model homes, construction in progress homes, sold completed homes, and speculative homes (subject to certain limitations on the age and number of speculative homes and model homes);   65%   of the book value of finished lots  
  
    9 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

and land under development; and   50%   of the book value of entitled land (subject to certain limitations on the value of entitled land and land under development as a percentage of the borrowing base). 
  On August 31, 2016, the Company, entered into a First Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the  Amendment ), with Flagstar Bank, FSB ( Flagstar Bank ), the lenders named therein, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which amends the Credit Agreement. The Amendment adds Flagstar Bank as a lender under the Credit Agreement, with an initial commitment of   $20.0 million  , which increases the aggregate lending commitments available under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility from   $40.0 million   to   $60.0 million  . The Amendment also increases the maximum amount of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility to a maximum aggregate amount of   $110.0 million  , which further increases are available at the Company s option, prior to the termination date, subject to certain terms and conditions. The costs associated with the Amendment of   $0.2 million   were deferred and are included in other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  Additionally, under the terms of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, the Company is required, among other things, to maintain compliance with various covenants, including financial covenants relating to a maximum Leverage Ratio, a minimum Interest Coverage Ratio, and a minimum Consolidated Tangible Net Worth, each as defined therein. The Company's compliance with these financial covenants is measured by calculations and metrics that are specifically defined or described by the terms of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility. The Company was in compliance with these covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Notes Payable 
  Notes payable outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consist of the following (in thousands): 

(4) 
    Subsidiaries of the Company purchased lots under various agreements from unrelated third parties. The sellers of these lots had subordinated a percentage of the lot purchase price to various construction loans of subsidiaries of the Company s construction loans. Notes were signed in relation to the subordination bearing interest between   8.0%   and   14.0%  , collateralized by liens on the homes built on each lot. The sellers released their lien upon payment of principle plus accrued interest at the closing of each individual home to a third party buyer. The subordinated lot notes were paid off during the three months ended March 31, 2016. 

10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

5. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
    
  A summary of changes in stockholders  equity is presented below (dollars in thousands):  

Equity Offering 
  On July 1, 2015, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of   17,000,000   shares of its common stock at a price to the public of   $10.00   per share and granted to the underwriters a   30-day   option to purchase up to an aggregate of   841,500   additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments (the  Equity Offering ). On   July 23, 2015  , the underwriters exercised the option and purchased   444,897   additional shares. All of the shares were sold by the Company pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC. 
    
  The Equity Offering resulted in net proceeds to Green Brick of approximately   $170.0 million  , after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. On July 1, 2015, Green Brick used approximately   $154.9 million   of the net proceeds from the Equity Offering to repay all of the outstanding principal, interest and a prepayment premium under the Term Loan Facility. Upon repayment, the Term Loan Facility was terminated and all security interests in, and all liens held by Greenlight with respect to the assets of Green Brick securing the amounts owed under the Term Loan Facility were terminated and released. Green Brick used the remaining net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

6. SHARE REPURCHASE PROGRAM 
    
  In March 2016, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to   1,000,000   shares of its common stock through   2017  . The timing, volume and nature of share repurchases will be at the discretion of management and dependent on market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements and other factors, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. The authorized repurchases will be made from time to time in the open market, through block trades  
  
    11 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

or in privately negotiated transactions. No assurance can be given that any particular amount of common stock will be repurchased. All or part of the repurchases may be implemented under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan, which would allow repurchases under pre-set terms at times when we might otherwise be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed blackout periods. This repurchase program may be modified, extended or terminated at the discretion of our Board of Directors at any time. We intend to finance the repurchases with available cash.   No   shares were repurchased during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

7. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  We measure and account for share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 718,    Compensation - Stock Compensation   . Share-based compensation expense associated with stock options with vesting contingent upon the achievement of service conditions is recognized on a straight-line basis, net of estimated forfeitures of unvested stock options, over the requisite service period the awards are expected to vest. We estimate the aggregate intrinsic value of stock options with vesting contingent upon the achievement of service conditions as of the date the award was granted using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of certain input variables, such as expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected award life. 
    
  Share-Based Award Activity 
  In April 2016, the Company granted   65,875   shares of common stock (the  Stock Bonus Awards ) to its Named Executive Officers, pursuant to the 2014 Equity Plan. At the time of the grant, the Stock Bonus Awards were   100%   vested and non-forfeitable. The Stock Bonus Awards have a weighted grant-date fair value of   $7.45   per share. The fair value of the Stock Bonus Awards were recorded as share-based compensation expense in April 2016. 
    
  The Company's non-employee Board of Directors elected to defer up to 100% of their annual retainer fee, chairman fees and meeting fees in the form of common stock. In June 2016, the Company granted   37,886   restricted stock awards ( RSAs ) to certain non-employee Board of Directors, pursuant to the 2014 Equity Plan. The RSAs will become fully vested on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the date of grant of the shares of restricted common stock or (ii) the date of the Issuer's 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The RSAs have a weighted average grant-date fair value of   $7.51   per share. The fair value of the outstanding shares of restricted stock awards will be recorded as share-based compensation expense over the vesting period. 
    
  A summary of restricted stock awards activity during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

A summary of stock option activity during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

12 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

A summary of our unvested stock options during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

Valuation of Share-Based Awards 
  We utilize the Black-Scholes option pricing model for estimating the grant date fair value of stock options. There were   no   stock options issued during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Share-Based Compensation Expense 
  Share-based compensation expense was   $0.1 million   and   $1.0 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016  , the estimated total remaining unamortized share-based compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock awards and stock options, net of forfeitures, was   $1.1 million   which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   0.7   years. As of   September 30, 2016  , the estimated total remaining unamortized share-based compensation expense related to stock options, net of forfeitures, was   $0.9 million   which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   3.1   years. 

8. INCOME TAXES 
    
  We recorded an income tax provision of   $3.7 million   and   $9.3 million   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to   $1.9 million   and   $6.2 million   for three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The effective tax rate for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   30.9%   and   29.7%  , respectively, as compared to   26.0%   and   25.2%   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rate for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   is driven by the statutory tax rate benefit related to non-controlled earnings and state income taxes. 

9. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
    
  During the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company had related party transactions through the normal course of business. These transactions include the following: 
    
  On October 27, 2014, in connection with the Transaction, the Company entered into the Loan Agreement, a guaranty and a pledge and security agreement with certain funds and accounts managed by Greenlight, our largest shareholder. Greenlight beneficially owns approximately   49.4%   of the voting power of the Company. The Loan Agreement provided for a   five   year Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount of   $150.0 million   which funded part of the Transaction. Certain subsidiaries of the Company guaranteed obligations under the Term Loan Facility pursuant to the guaranty. The Term Loan Facility bore interest at   9.0%   per annum, payable quarterly, from October 27, 2014 through the first anniversary thereof and   10.0%   per annum thereafter. On July 1, 2015 we used approximately   $154.9 million   of the net proceeds from the Equity Offering to repay all of the outstanding principal, interest and a prepayment premium under the Term Loan Facility. See   Note 5   for further discussion of this repayment. 
    
  In 2012, we formed Centre Living Homes, LLC ( Centre Living ), a builder that focuses on a limited number of homes and luxury townhomes each year in the Dallas, Texas market. Trevor Brickman, the son of Green Brick's Chief Executive Officer, is the President of Centre Living. Effective as of January 1, 2015, Centre Living's operating agreement was amended and restated to the same general terms as with our other builders, such that Green Brick's ownership interest in Centre Living is   50%   and Trevor Brickman's ownership interest is   50%   for future operations beginning January 1, 2015. Subsequent to this amendment, Green Brick has   51%   voting control over the operations of Centre Living. As such,   100%   of Centre Living's operations are included within our condensed consolidated financial statements. The noncontrolling interest attributable to Centre Living was   $0.3 million   and   $0.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. In June 2016, the Company sold   one   developed lot to Trevor Brickman for   $0.4 million  , of which   $0.3 million   was included in the cost of  
  
    13 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

land and lots. In September 2016, Trevor Brickman entered into an agreement with Centre Living to construct a home on the developed lot. In accordance with the Company's employee discount policy, the contract price is construction costs plus a   13%   premium. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has incurred   $28,111   in costs to construct the home. 
    
  In September 2015, the Company purchased   11   lots from an entity affiliated with the president of The Providence Group of Georgia L.L.C. ( TPG ), one of its controlled builders. The lots are part of a   19  -home community, The Parc at Cogburn in Atlanta. The total paid for the lots in 2015 was   $1.8 million  . Under the option agreement in place, the Company purchased   $0.3 million   in lots during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and have another   $1.0 million   in lots that it is required to purchase during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  In November 2015, the Company purchased   12   lots from an entity affiliated with the president of TPG, one of its controlled builders. The lots are part of a   92  -unit townhome community, Glens at Sugarloaf in Atlanta.   No   deposits were paid by the Company in contracting for the lots. The total paid for the lots in 2015 was   $1.0 million  . During March 2016, the Company purchased the remaining   80   townhome lots within the community at a price of   $4.8 million   from the affiliated entity. 
    
  During March 2016, the Company purchased undeveloped land for an eventual   83   lot community, Academy Street in Atlanta. Simultaneously, the Company entered into a partnership agreement with an entity affiliated with the president of TPG to develop the community for sale of the lots to TPG under GRBK Academy LLC. Contributions and profits will be   80%   for the Company and   20%   for the affiliated entity. Total capital contributions are estimated at   $12.0 million  , of which   $9.6 million   will be contributed by the Company. The total contributions paid in 2016 was   $10.2 million  , of which   $8.2 million   was paid by the Company. The Company has   80%   ownership in GRBK Suwanee Station LLC and has consolidated the entity. 
    
  During March 2016, the Company purchased undeveloped land for an eventual   73  -townhome community, Suwanee Station in Atlanta. Simultaneously, the Company entered into a partnership agreement with an entity affiliated with the president of TPG to develop the community for sale of the lots to TPG under GRBK Suwanee Station LLC. Contributions and profits will be   50%   for the Company and   50%   for the affiliated entity. Total capital contributions are estimated at   $2.0 million  , of which   $1.0 million   will be contributed by the Company. The total contributions paid in 2016 was   $1.8 million  , of which   $0.9 million   was paid by the Company. The Company holds   two   of the   three   board seats and is able to exercise control over the operations of GRBK Suwanee Station LLC, and therefore has consolidated the entity. 
    
  In June 2016, the Company purchased   14   lots from an entity affiliated with the president of TPG. The lots are part of a   40  -unit townhome community, Dunwoody Towneship.   No   deposits were paid by the Company in contracting for the lots. The total paid for the lots in 2016 was   $1.8 million  . Under the option agreement in place, the total that would be expected to be paid for the remaining lots would be   $1.8 million   during 2017 and   $1.7 million   during 2018. 

10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  The Company s financial instruments, none of which are held for trading purposes, include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, earnest money deposits, other assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, customer and builder deposits, obligations related to land not owned under option agreements, borrowings on lines of credit, and notes payable. The Company estimates that due to the short term nature of underlying instruments or the proximity of the underlying transaction to the applicable reporting date that the fair value of all financial instruments does not differ materially from the aggregate carrying values recorded in the condensed consolidated financial statements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Per the fair value hierarchy, level 1 financial instruments include: cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, earnest money deposits, and customer and builder deposits. All other instruments are deemed to be level 3.  
    
  Fair Value of Nonfinancial Instruments 
  Nonfinancial assets and liabilities include items such as inventory and long lived assets that are measured at cost unless the carrying value is determined to be not recoverable in which case the affected instrument is written down to fair value. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the year ended   December 31, 2015  , the Company did   not   record any fair value adjustments to those nonfinancial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Warranties 
  The Company accrues an estimate of its exposure to warranty claims based on both current and historical home sales data and warranty costs incurred. The Company offers homeowners a comprehensive third party warranty on each home. Homes are generally covered by a ten year warranty for qualified and defined structural defects, one year for defects and products used, and two years for electrical, mechanical and plumbing systems. Warranty accruals are included within accrued expenses in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Warranty activity, included in accrued expenses in our condensed consolidated balance sheets consists of the following (in thousands): 

Commitments 
  The Company has leases associated with office space in Georgia and Texas which are classified as operating leases. Rent expense under these leases are included in the selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income. 
    
  Legal Matters 
  Lawsuits, claims and proceedings may be instituted or asserted against us in the normal course of business. The Company is also subject to local, state and federal laws and regulations related to land development activities, house construction standards, sales practices, employment practices and environmental protection. As a result, the Company may be subject to periodic examinations or inquiry by agencies administering these laws and regulations. 
    
  The Company records a reserve for potential legal claims and regulatory matters when they are probable of occurring and a potential loss is reasonably estimable. The Company accrues for these matters based on facts and circumstances specific to each matter and revises these estimates when necessary. 
    
  In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting outcomes of legal claims and related contingencies, the Company generally cannot predict their ultimate resolution, related timing or eventual loss. If evaluations indicate loss contingencies that could be material are not probable, but are reasonably possible, the Company will disclose their nature with an estimate of possible range of losses or a statement that such loss is not reasonably estimable. We believe that the ultimate resolution of any claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity or on our financial position. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company did   not   have any accruals for asserted or unasserted matters. 

15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

12. SEGMENT INFORMATION 
    
  Financial information relating to the Company s reportable segments is as follows. Operational results of each reportable segment are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have been achieved had the reportable segment been an independent, stand-alone entity during the periods presented. 

16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes statements and information that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which we refer to as the  Securities Act,  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the  Exchange Act.  Statements that are  forward-looking statements  include any projections of earnings, revenue or other financial items, any statements of the plans, strategies or objectives of management for future operations, any statements concerning proposed new projects or other developments, any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance, any statements of management s beliefs, goals, strategies, intentions and objectives, any statements concerning potential acquisitions, and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   predicts,   potential,   continue,   expects,   anticipates,   future,   outlook,   strategy,   positioned,   intends,   plans,   believes,   projects,   estimates  and similar expressions, as well as statements in the future tense, identify forward-looking statements. 
    
  These statements are necessarily subjective and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements described in or implied by such statements. Actual results may differ materially from expected results described in our forward-looking statements, including with respect to correct measurement and identification of factors affecting our business or the extent of their likely impact, the accuracy and completeness of the publicly available information with respect to the factors upon which our business strategy is based or the success of our business. In addition, even if results are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, those results may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. Furthermore, industry forecasts are likely to be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time and in industries particularly sensitive to market conditions such as homebuilding and builder finance. 
    
  Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether, or the times by which, our performance or results may be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and management s belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 

cyclicality in the homebuilding industry and adverse changes in general economic conditions; 
                
    fluctuations and cycles in value of, and demand for, real estate investments; 
                
    significant inflation or deflation; 
                
    the unavailability of subcontractors; 
                
    labor and raw material shortages and price fluctuations; 
                
    the failure to recruit, retain and develop highly skilled and competent employees; 
                
    an inability to acquire undeveloped land, partially-finished developed lots and finished lots suitable for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices; 
                
    an inability to develop communities successfully or within expected timeframes; 
                
    an inability to sell properties in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions; 
                
    risks related to participating in the homebuilding business through controlled homebuilding subsidiaries; 
                
    risks relating to buy-sell provisions in the operating agreements governing two builder subsidiaries; 
                
    risks related to geographic concentration; 
                
    risks related to government regulation; 
                
    the interpretation of or changes to tax, labor and environmental laws;  
                
    the timing of receipt of regulatory approvals and of the opening of projects;  
                
    fluctuations in the market value of land, building lots and housing inventories; 
                
    volatility of mortgage interest rates;  
                
    the unavailability of mortgage financing; 
     
    17 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

the number of foreclosures in our markets;  
                
    interest rate increases or adverse changes in federal lending programs; 
                
    increases in unemployment or underemployment; 
                
    any limitation on, or reduction or elimination of, tax benefits associated with owning a home; 
                
    the occurrence of severe weather or natural disasters; 
                
    high cancellation rates; 
                
    competition in the homebuilding, land development and financial services industries; 
                
    risks related to future growth through strategic investments, joint ventures, partnerships and/or acquisitions; 
                
    the inability to obtain suitable bonding for the development of housing projects; 
                
    difficulty in obtaining sufficient capital; 
                
    risks related to environmental laws and regulations; 
                
    the occurrence of a major health and safety incident; 
                
    poor relations with the residents of our communities; 
                
    information technology failures and data security breaches; 
                
    product liability claims, litigation and warranty claims; 
                
    the seasonality of the homebuilding industry; 
                
    utility and resource shortages or rate fluctuations; 
                
    the failure of employees or other representatives to comply with applicable regulations and guidelines; 
                
    future litigation, arbitration or other claims; 
                
    uninsured losses or losses in excess of insurance limits; 
                
    cost and availability of insurance and surety bonds;  
                
    volatility and uncertainty in the credit markets and broader financial markets;  
                
    availability, terms and deployment of capital including with respect to the timing and size of share repurchases, acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic actions; 
                
    our debt and related service obligations;  
                
    required accounting changes;  
                
    an inability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; and 
                
    other risks and uncertainties inherent in our business including those described Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
       
  Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described above or elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Except as required by law, we disclaim all responsibility to publicly update any information contained in a forward-looking statement 
    
  All forward-looking statements attributable to us or to persons acting on our behalf, including any such forward-looking statements made subsequent to the publication of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. 

18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

ITEM 2.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on   March 30, 2016  . You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
    
  This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from the results discussed in or implied by any of the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those listed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. See  Forward-Looking Statements  above and  Risk Factors  below. 
    
  Reverse Recapitalization 
  On June 10, 2014, we entered into a definitive transaction agreement with the owners of JBGL Builder Finance LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively,  Builder Finance ), and JBGL Capital Companies ( Capital ), a combined group of commonly managed limited liability companies and partnerships (collectively with Builder Finance,  JBGL ), which provided that we would acquire JBGL for   $275 million  , payable in cash and shares of our common stock (the  Transaction ). JBGL is a real estate operator involved in the purchase and development of land for residential use, construction lending and homebuilding operations. The Transaction was completed on October 27, 2014 ( Transaction Date ). Pursuant to the terms of the Transaction, we paid the   $275 million   purchase price with approximately   $191.8 million   in cash and the remainder in   11,108,500   shares of our common stock valued at approximately   $7.49   per share. 
    
  The cash portion of the purchase price was primarily funded from the proceeds of a   $70.0 million   rights offering conducted by the Company (the   $70.0 million   includes proceeds from purchases of shares of common stock by certain funds and accounts managed by Greenlight Capital, Inc. and its affiliates ( Greenlight ) and Third Point LLC and its affiliates ( Third Point )) and   $150.0 million   of debt financing provided by Greenlight pursuant to a loan agreement, with the lenders from time to time party thereto (the  Loan Agreement ), which provided for a five year term loan facility (the  Term Loan Facility ). In 2015, the Term Loan Facility was repaid in full. 
    
  The   $70.0 million   rights offering included a registered offering by the Company of transferable rights to the public holders of its common stock, as of September 15, 2014 (the  Rights Offering ) to purchase additional shares of common stock. Each right permitted the holder to purchase, at a rights price ultimately equal to   $5.00   per share of common stock,   2.2445   shares of common stock.   4,843,384   shares of common stock were purchased in the public Rights Offering for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately   $24.2 million  . 
    
  In addition to the Rights Offering, Greenlight and Third Point participated in a private rights offering to purchase additional shares of common stock pursuant to commitment letters. Pursuant to its commitment letter, Third Point agreed to participate in the private rights offering for its full basic subscription privilege in the Rights Offering and to purchase, simultaneously with the consummation of the Rights Offering to the public, all of the available shares not otherwise sold in the Rights Offering following the exercise of all other public holders  basic subscription privileges. Pursuant to such commitment letters, Greenlight purchased   4,957,618   shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately   $24.8 million   and Third Point purchased   4,198,998   shares of common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of approximately   $21.0 million  . 
    
  At the time the Transaction was completed, BioFuel Energy Corp. ( BioFuel ) was a non-operating public shell corporation with nominal operations and assets consisting of cash, deferred tax assets, and nominal other nonoperating assets. As a result of the Transaction the owners and management of JBGL gained effective operating control of the combined company. 
    
  Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes, the Transaction was deemed to be a capital transaction in substance and recorded as a reverse recapitalization of JBGL whereby JBGL is deemed to be the continuing, surviving entity for accounting purposes, but through reorganization, has deemed to have adopted the capital structure of BioFuel. Because the acquisition was considered a reverse recapitalization for accounting purposes, the combined historical financial statements of JBGL became our historical financial statements and, from the completion of the acquisition on October 27, 2014, the financial statements have been prepared on a consolidated basis. The assets and liabilities of BioFuel have been brought forward at their book value and no goodwill has been recognized in connection with the Transaction.  

19 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

As a result of the Transaction, Green Brick changed its business direction and is now in the real estate industry. The financial statements set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for all periods prior to the reverse recapitalization are the historical financial statements of JBGL and have been retroactively restated to give effect to the Transaction. 
    
  Equity Offering 
  On July 1, 2015, we completed an underwritten public offering of   17,000,000   shares of our common stock at a price to the public of   $10.00   per share and granted to the underwriters a   30-day   option to purchase up to an aggregate of   841,500   additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments (the  Equity Offering ). On   July 23, 2015  , the underwriters exercised the option and purchased   444,897   additional shares. All of the shares were sold by us pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC. 
    
  The Equity Offering resulted in net proceeds to us of approximately   $170.0 million  , after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. On July 1, 2015, we used approximately   $154.9 million   of the net proceeds from the Equity Offering to repay all of the outstanding principal, interest and a prepayment premium under the Term Loan Facility. Upon repayment, the Term Loan Facility was terminated, and all security interests in, and all liens held by Greenlight with respect to, the assets of Green Brick securing the amounts owed under the Term Loan Facility were terminated and released. We used the remaining net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes. 
    
  Overview of the Business 
  We are a uniquely structured company that combines residential land development and homebuilding. We acquire and develop land, provide land and construction financing to our controlled builders and participate in the profits of our controlled builders. Our core markets are in the high growth U.S. metropolitan areas of Dallas, Texas and Atlanta, Georgia. We are engaged in all aspects of the homebuilding process, including land acquisition and the development, entitlements, design, construction, marketing and sales and the creation of brand images at our residential neighborhoods and master planned communities. We believe we offer higher quality homes with more distinctive designs and floor plans than those built by our competitors at comparable prices. Our communities are located in premium locations in our core markets and we seek to enhance homebuyer satisfaction by utilizing high-quality materials, offering a broad range of customization options and building well-crafted energy-efficient homes. We seek to maximize value over the long term and operate our business to mitigate risks in the event of a downturn by controlling costs and quickly reacting to regional and local market trends. 
    
  We are a leading lot developer in the Dallas and Atlanta markets and believe that our strict operating discipline provides us with a competitive advantage in seeking to maximize returns while minimizing risk. We currently own or control over   5,000   home sites in premium locations in the Dallas and Atlanta markets. We consider premium locations to be lot supply constrained with high housing demand and where much of the surrounding land has already been developed. We are strategically positioned to either build new homes on our lots through our controlled builders or to sell finished lots to large unaffiliated homebuilders. 
    
  We sell finished lots or option lots from third-party developers to our controlled builders for their homebuilding operations and provide them with construction financing and strategic planning. Our controlled builders provide us with their local knowledge and relationships. We support our controlled builders by financing their purchases of land from us at an unlevered internal rate of return ( IRR ) of at least   20%   and by providing construction financing at approximately a   13.8%   interest rate. Our income is further enhanced by our   50%   equity interest in the profits of our controlled builders. In addition, the land we sell to third-party homebuilders also typically generates an unlevered IRR of   20%   or greater. 

20 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

References to our  controlled builders  refer to our homebuilding subsidiaries in which we own at least a 50% controlling interest. 

During the first quarter of 2015, we formed Green Brick Title, LLC ( Green Brick Title ), our wholly-owned title company. Green Brick Title's core business includes title insurance, and closing and settlement services for our homebuyers. Green Brick Title had minimal operations during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  Definitions 
  In the following discussion,  backlog  refers to homes under sales contracts that have not yet closed at the end of the relevant period,  cancellation rate  refers to sales contracts canceled divided by sales contracts executed during the relevant period,  net new home orders  refers to new home sales contracts reduced by the number of sales contracts canceled during the relevant period, and  overall absorption rate  refers to the rate at which net new home orders are contracted per selling community during the relevant period. Sales contracts relating to homes in backlog may be canceled by the prospective purchaser for a number of reasons, such as the prospective purchaser s inability to obtain suitable mortgage financing. Upon a cancellation, the escrow deposit may be returned to the prospective purchaser (other than with respect to certain design-related deposits, which we retain). Accordingly, backlog may not be indicative of our future revenue. 
    
  Overview and Outlook 
  The following are our key operating metrics for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  : home deliveries increased by   27.3%  , home sales revenue increased by   27.0%  , average selling prices decreased by   0.2%  , backlog units increased by   34.0%  , backlog units value increased by   41.1%  , average sales price of homes in backlog increased by   5.3%  , and net new home orders increased by   45.7%  .  
    
  The following are our key operating metrics for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  : home deliveries increased by   23.4%  , home sales revenue increased by   38.5%  , average selling prices increased by   12.2%  , and net new home orders increased by   40.2%  . 
    
  The increase in the average sales price of homes in backlog is the result of changes in product mix of homes contracted for sale during the period and local market appreciation. From   April 2015   to   April 2016   homes in the Dallas and Atlanta markets appreciated by   8.3%   and   5.3%  , respectively (Source: S P/Case-Shiller 20-City Composite Home Price Index,   September 2016  ). During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the housing market continued to show signs of improvement, which we believe is driven by rising consumer confidence, lower interest rates, high affordability metrics, and a reduction in home inventory levels. 
    
  Our two primary markets, Dallas and Atlanta, have shown significant housing market recovery. We believe the housing market recovery is sustainable, and that we operate in two of the most desirable housing markets in the nation. Among the 12 largest metropolitan areas in the country, the Dallas metropolitan area ranked first in the rate of job growth and second in the number of jobs added from   September 2015 to September 2016   (Source: US Bureau of Labor Statistics,   November 2016  ). The Atlanta metropolitan area has recorded employment gains each month, as compared to the same month in the prior year, since July 2010 (Source: US Bureau of Labor Statistics,   July 2016)  . We believe that increasing demand and supply constraints in our target markets create favorable conditions for our future growth. 

21 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) as set forth in the Financial Accounting Standards Board s ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) and applicable regulations of the SEC. Our operating results for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future periods. 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  Results of Operations 
  Land Development 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , our land development segment revenue decreased   $2.2 million  , or   36.3%  , from   $6.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $3.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The decrease was comprised of   $2.9 million   due to a   48.1%   decrease in finished inventory of lots delivered from   54   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   28   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , partially offset by an increase of   $0.7 million   related to an increase in the average sales price per lot of   $137,259   per lot for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $111,716   per lot for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our land development segment revenue decreased   $14.1 million  , or   53.2%  , from   $26.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $12.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The decrease was comprised of   $15.9 million   due to a   60.3%   decrease in finished inventory lots delivered from   239   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   95   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , partially offset by an increase of   $1.8 million   related to an increase in the average sales price per lot of   $130,284   per lot for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $110,635   per lot for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  The decrease in finished inventory lots delivered is a result of a decrease in third party lot sales driven by an increase in intercompany lot sales to our controlled builders where revenue is not recognized until the home closes. While there is a time lag in when we can recognize intercompany lot sales, we believe this is best for the Company as we are able to further invest in our controlled builders and improve overall margins. 
    
  Builder Operations 
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , our builder operations segment delivered   196   homes, with an average sales price of   $448,097  , compared to   154   homes, with an average sales price of   $449,123  , during the same period in   2015  . During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , our builder operations segment generated approximately   $87.8 million   in revenue compared to   $69.2 million   during the same period in   2015  . For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , net new home orders totaled   204  , a   45.7%   increase from the same period in   2015  .  
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , our builder operations segment delivered   569   homes, with an average sales price of   $436,181  , compared to   461   homes, with an average sales price of   $388,709  , during the same period in   2015  . During the same period, our builder operations segment generated approximately   $248.2 million   in revenue compared to   $179.2 million   during the same period in   2015  . For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , net new home orders totaled   683  , a   40.2%   increase from the same period in   2015  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our builder operations segment had a backlog of   315   sold but unclosed homes, a   34.0%   increase from the same period in   2015  , with a total value of approximately   $138.7 million  , an increase of   $40.4 million  , or   41.1%  , from   September 30, 2015  . The increase in value of backlog units reflects an increase in the number of homes in backlog and an increase in the average sales price of homes in backlog. 
    
  The increase in the average sales price of homes in backlog is the result of changes in product mix related to higher priced single family homes over lower priced townhomes closed during the period and local market appreciation. The average sales price of homes may increase or decrease depending on the mix of typical homes delivered and sold during such period and local market conditions. These changes in the average sales price of homes are part of our natural business cycle. 
    
  Revenues 
  We primarily generate revenue through (a) the sale of lots from our land development segment to public builders, large private builders and our controlled builders, (b) making first lien construction loans to our controlled builders, and (c) the  
  
    22 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

closing and delivery of homes through our builder operations segment. We recognize revenue on homes and lots when completed and title to, and possession of, the property have been transferred to the purchaser. 
    
  All customer deposits are treated as liabilities. We also serve as the general contractor for certain custom homes where the customers, and not our company, own the underlying land and improvements. We recognize revenue for these contracts on the percentage of completion method. 
    
  Expenses 
  Lot acquisition, materials, other direct costs, interest and other indirect costs related to the acquisition, development, and construction of lots and homes are capitalized until the homes are complete, after which they are expensed. Direct and indirect costs of developing residential lots are allocated based on the relative sales price of the lots. Capitalized costs of residential lots are charged to earnings when the related revenue is recognized. 
    
  Salary Expense 
  Salary expense represent salaries, benefits and share-based compensation, and are recorded in the period incurred. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses represent property taxes, advertising and marketing, rent and lease expenses, and other administrative items, and are recorded in the period incurred.  
    
  Interest Expense 
  Interest expense consists primarily of interest costs incurred on our debt that is not capitalized and amortization of related debt issuance costs. We capitalize interest costs incurred to inventory during active development and other qualifying activities.  
    
  Other Income, Net    
  Other income, net consists of net revenue from contracts where we are the general contractor and where our customers own the land, interest on direct financing leases income, profit participation on notes receivable, costs incurred for business acquisitions, depreciation, amortization, income from rental property and forfeited deposits. 
    
  Income Tax Provision 
  Prior to the Transaction, JBGL consisted of entities that filed individual     partnership tax returns for federal income tax purposes. Several of the underlying entities were wholly-owned limited liability companies ( LLC s ), and thus disregarded for federal income tax purposes, while several other entities had non-controlled interests, causing these LLC entities to be treated as regarded entities that filed partnership tax returns for federal income tax purposes. The Transaction resulted in the ownership of JBGL by Green Brick, a corporate entity. Effectively, during the fourth quarter of calendar year 2014, JBGL and its wholly-owned LLC interests became disregarded for federal income tax purposes, taxable as a branch of the corporate entity. As such, the Transaction resulted in a change in tax status of the partnerships. The income tax effect of the change in tax status was recorded as an income tax benefit during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2014. 
    
  We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in years in which temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We regularly review historical and anticipated future pre-tax results of operations to determine whether we will be able to realize the benefit of deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax asset when it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized due to the lack of sufficient taxable income.  
    
  We establish reserves for uncertain tax positions that reflect our best estimate of deductions and credits that may not be sustained on a more-likely-than-not basis. In accordance with ASC 740,   Income Taxes  , the Company recognizes the effect of income tax positions only if those positions have a more-likely-than-not chance of being sustained by the Company. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than   50%   likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 

23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Condensed consolidated financial Data 
  The consolidated historical financial data presented below reflect our land development and builder operations segments, and are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. 

Reclassifications 
  Depreciation of model home furnishings for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   has been reclassified from depreciation and amortization expense, which is included in   other income, net   in the condensed consolidated financial data above, to cost of residential units to conform to the current period presentation. 

24 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  Net New Home Orders and Backlog 
  The table below represents new home orders and backlog related to our builder operations segment. 

Net new home orders for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by   64   homes, or   45.7%  , to   204   from   140   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Overall absorption rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was an average of   4.3   per selling community (  1.4   monthly), compared to an average of   3.3   per selling community (  1.1   monthly) for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Our cancellation rate was approximately   13.2%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   16.2%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Management believes a cancellation rate in the range of 15% to 20% is representative of an industry average cancellation rate. Nevertheless, on average, our cancellation rate is on the lower end of the industry average, which we believe is due to our target buyer demographics, which generally does not include first time homebuyers. 
    
  Backlog units increased by   80   homes, or   34.0%  , to   315   as of   September 30, 2016   from   235   as of   September 30, 2015  . The dollar value of backlog units increased   $40.4 million  , or   41.1%  , to   $138.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   from   $98.3 million   as of   September 30, 2015  . The increase in value of backlog units reflects an increase in the number of homes in backlog and an increase in the average sales price of homes in backlog. Our average sales price of homes in backlog increased   $22,116  , or   5.3%  , to   $440,273   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $418,157   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in the average sales price of homes in backlog is the result of changes in product mix related to higher priced single family homes over lower priced townhomes contracted for sale during the period and local market appreciation. The average sales price of homes may fluctuate depending on the mix of typical homes delivered and sold during a period. The change in the average sales price of homes is part of our natural business cycle. 
    
  New Homes Delivered and Home Sales Revenue 
  The table below represents home sales revenue and new homes delivered related to our builder operations segment. 

New home deliveries (excluding existing completed homes sold, but not yet closed) for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for our builder operations segment was   196  , compared to new home deliveries of   154   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , resulting in an increase of   42   homes, or   27.3%  . The increase in new home deliveries was primarily attributable to a   14.0%   increase in new communities to   49   from   43   and an increase in the number of homes delivered per community. 
    
  Home sales revenue increased   $18.7 million  , or   27.0%  , to   $87.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $69.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in revenue was driven by a   27.3%   increase in  
  
    25 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

homes delivered to   196   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   154   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Homebuilding 
  The table below represents cost of home sales and gross margin related to our builder operations segment. 

Cost of home sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for builder operations was   $66.7 million  , compared to cost of home sales of   $55.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , resulting in an increase of   $11.5 million  , or   20.8%  , primarily due to the   27.3%   increase in the number of homes delivered. Homebuilding gross margin percentage for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for builder operations was   24.0%  , compared to a gross margin percentage of   20.1%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in homebuilding gross margin is largely due to the opening of new communities during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increase in gross margin percentage is due primarily to the substantial number of home closings in existing communities being closed out during the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and lower amortization of capitalized interest during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Salary Expense 
  The table below represents salary expense related to our land development and builder operations segments. 

Land Development 
  Salary expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for land development was   $0.1 million  , a slight decrease compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease is primarily the result of a decrease in the average employee headcount of   1   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   due to an employee who changed roles and was reported under land development during the three months ended   September 30, 2015   compared to builder operations during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Builder Operations 
  Salary expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for builder operations was   $6.5 million  , compared to   $4.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   32.6%  . The increase was primarily the result of an increase in salaries driven by an increase in the average employee headcount of   50   and the associated costs of benefits to support the growth in our builder operations segment. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
  The table below represents selling, general and administrative expenses related to our land development and builder operations segments. 

Land Development 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for land development remained flat at   $0.3 million   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  
    26 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Builder Operations 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   for builder operations was   $4.0 million  , compared to   $3.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   29.6%  . The increase was primarily attributable to increases in expenditures to support the growth in our builder operations business. Builder operations expenditures include community costs, such as, non-capitalized property taxes, rent expenses, professional fees, and advertising and marketing expenses. The average selling community count was   49   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   43   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Interest Expense 
  Interest expense was   $0.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively, as all interest expense was capitalized. 
    
  Other Income, Net 
  Other income, net, increased   $0.6 million  , or   476.7%  , to   $0.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from other expense, net of   $0.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was due primarily to an increase in homes built on third party lots of   $0.6 million  , sale of a commercial tract of   $0.4 million  , and an increase in various other income, net, partially offset by an increase   $0.5 million   in depreciation and amortization expense. 
    
  Income Tax Provision 
  Income tax expense increased   $1.8 million  , or   97.0%  , to   $3.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from an expense of   $1.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in income tax expense is due primarily to an increase in pre-tax book income. 
    
  Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
  Net New Home Orders and Backlog 
  The table below represents new home orders and backlog related to our builder operations segment. 

Net new home orders for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by   196   homes, or   40.2%  , to   683   from   487   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Overall absorption rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was an average of   14.6   per selling community (  1.6   monthly), compared to an average of   12.0   per selling community (  1.3   monthly) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Our cancellation rate was approximately   12.3%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   15.2%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Management believes a cancellation rate in the range of 15% to 20% is representative of an industry average cancellation rate and that our low cancellation rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was atypical. Nevertheless, on average, our cancellation rate is on the lower end of the industry average, which we believe is due to our target buyer demographics, which generally does not include first time homebuyers. 

27 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

New Homes Delivered and Home Sales Revenue 
  The table below represents home sales revenue and new homes delivered related to our builder operations segment. 

New home deliveries (excluding existing completed homes sold, but not yet closed) for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for our builder operations segment was   569  , compared to new home deliveries of   461   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , resulting in an increase of   108   homes, or   23.4%  . The increase in new home deliveries was primarily attributable to a   14.6%   increase in new communities to   47   from   41   and an increase in the number of homes delivered per community. 
    
  Home sales revenue increased   $69.0 million  , or   38.5%  , to   $248.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $179.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in revenue is due to (a) a   $42.0 million   increase in revenues driven by a   23.4%   increase in homes delivered to   569   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   461   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , and (b) a   $27.0 million   increase in revenues resulting from an increase in average sales price of   $47,472   per home to   $436,181   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $388,709   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Homebuilding 
  The table below represents cost of home sales and gross margin related to our builder operations segment. 

Cost of home sales for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for builder operations was   $190.7 million  , compared to cost of home sales of   $137.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , resulting in an increase of   $53.2 million  , or   38.7%  . Homebuilding gross margin percentage for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for builder operations was   23.2%  , compared to a gross margin percentage of   23.3%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in homebuilding gross margin is largely due to the opening of new communities during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and an increase in the number of homes delivered per community. 
    
  Salary Expense 
  The table below represents salary expense and management fees, related to our land development and builder operations segments. 

Land Development 
  Salary expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for land development was   $0.2 million   compared to   $0.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   76.0%  . The decrease is primarily the result of a 50% decrease in the average employee headcount due to an employee who changed roles and was reported under land development during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   compared to builder operations during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

28 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Builder Operations 
  Salary expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for builder operations was   $19.3 million  , compared to   $13.9 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   39.2%  . The increase was primarily the result of an increase in salaries driven by an increase in the average employee headcount of   49   and the associated costs of benefits to support the growth in our builder operations segment. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
  The table below represents selling, general and administrative expenses related to our land development and builder operations segments. 

Land Development 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for land development was   $0.9 million   compared to   $1.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , a decrease of   16.1%  . The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in property tax expense and a decrease in various other selling, general and administrative expense during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Builder Operations 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for builder operations was   $11.9 million  , compared to   $8.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   37.6%  . The increase was primarily attributable to increases in expenditures to support the growth in our builder operations business. Builder operations expenditures include community costs, such as, non-capitalized property taxes, rent expenses, professional fees, and advertising and marketing expenses. The average selling community count was   47   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   41   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of related revenue remained flat for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as a result of internal cost efficiencies, as many of our selling, general and administrative expense did not increase as we scaled up our business through organic growth. 
    
  Interest Expense 
  Interest expense decreased   $0.3 million  , or   100.0%  , to   $0.0 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $0.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease was due to an increase in the amount of capitalized interest during   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Other Income, Net 
  Other income, net, increased   $2.1 million  , or   1,387.2%  , to   $2.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $0.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was due to an increase in homes built on third party lots of   $1.3 million  , other income on sale of a commercial tract of   $0.4 million  , and an increase in various other income, net, partially offset by an increase   $0.5 million   in depreciation and amortization expense. 
    
  Income Tax Provision 
  Income tax expense increased   $3.1 million  , or   49.9%  , to   $9.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , from an expense of   $6.2 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in income tax expense is due primarily to an increase in pre-tax book income, partially offset by discrete tax benefits. 
    
  Lots Owned and Controlled 
  The table below represents lots owned and controlled (including land option agreements) as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Owned lots are those to which the Company holds title, while controlled lots are those that we have the contractual right to acquire title but does not currently own. 
  
    29 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

(1) 
    The land use assumptions used in the above table may change over time. 
              (2) 
    Lots controlled excludes homes under construction. 

30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had   $19.8 million   and   $21.2 million   of cash and cash equivalents, respectively. Management believes that we have a prudent cash management strategy, including with respect to cash outlays for land and inventory acquisition and development. We intend to generate cash from the sale of inventory, and intend to redeploy the net cash generated from the sale of inventory to acquire and develop lots that represent opportunities to generate desired margins. We may also use cash to make share repurchases or additional investments in acquisitions, joint ventures, or other strategic activities. 
    
  Our principal uses of capital for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were operating expenses, land purchases, land development, home construction and the payment of routine liabilities. We used funds generated by operations and available borrowings to meet our short-term working capital requirements. We remain focused on generating positive margins in our builder operations segment and acquiring desirable land positions in order to maintain a strong balance sheet and remain poised for growth. 
    
  Cash flows for each of our communities depend on their stage in the development cycle, and can differ substantially from reported earnings. Early stages of development or expansion require significant cash outlays for land acquisitions, entitlements and other approvals, and construction of model homes, roads, utilities, general landscaping and other amenities. Because these costs are a component of our inventory and are not recognized in our statement of income until a home closes, we incur significant cash outlays prior to recognition of earnings. In the later stages of community development, cash inflows may significantly exceed earnings reported for financial statement purposes, as the cash outflow associated with home and land construction was previously incurred. We are actively acquiring and developing lots in our primary markets in order to maintain and grow our lot supply. 
    
  On July 1, 2015, we completed the Equity Offering of 17,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of $10.00 per share. On July 23, 2015, the underwriters purchased 444,897 additional shares pursuant to their 30-day option to purchase up to an aggregate of 841,500 additional shares of common stock to cover over-allotments. The Equity Offering resulted in net proceeds of approximately $170.0 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses, which we used to repay the Term Loan Facility and for working capital and general corporate purposes. On July 30, 2015, we replaced our $25.0 million revolving credit facility with a new revolving credit facility with Inwood National Bank ( Inwood ), which provides for up to $50.0 million and is secured by land owned in John s Creek, Georgia, Allen, Texas, and Carrollton, Texas. The maturity date for the new revolving credit facility is July 30, 2017. See   Note 5   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion. 
    
  It is our intent to prudently employ leverage to continue to invest in our land acquisition, development and homebuilding businesses. We intend to target a debt to total capitalization ratio of approximately   35%   to   40%  , which we expect will provide us with significant additional growth capital. Our debt to total capitalization ratio was less than   20%   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Revolving Credit Facilities 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had the following lines of credit ( LOC ): 
    
  On July 30, 2015, we replaced our $25.0 million revolving credit facility with a new revolving credit facility with Inwood, which provides for up to $50.0 million. The costs associated with the new revolving credit facility of $0.4 million were deferred and are included in other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We are   amortizing these debt issuance costs to interest expense over the term of the new revolving credit facility using the straight line method  . Amounts outstanding under the new revolving credit facility is secured by mortgages on real property and security interests in certain personal property (to the extent that such personal property is connected with the use and enjoyment of the real property) that is owned by certain of our subsidiaries, including land owned in John s Creek, Georgia, Allen, Texas, and Carrollton, Texas. The amounts outstanding under the new revolving credit facility are also guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries. 
    
  Before the amendment (as discussed below), the new revolving credit facility was subject to a borrowing base limitation equal to the sum of   50%   of the total value of land and   60%   of the total value of lots owned by certain of our subsidiaries, each as determined by an independent appraiser, with the value of land being restricted from being more than   50%   of the borrowing base. Outstanding borrowings under the new revolving credit facility bear interest payable monthly at a floating rate per annum equal to the rate announced by Bank of America, N.A., from time to time, as its  Prime Rate  (the  Index ) with such adjustments to the interest rate being made on the effective date of any change in the Index. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the interest may not, at any time, be less than   4%   per annum or more than the lesser amount of   18%   and the highest maximum rate allowed by applicable law. The entire unpaid principal balance and any accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on the  
  
    31 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

maturity date. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was   4.0%   per annum. 
    
  On May 3, 2016, we amended the new revolving credit facility. The amended revolving credit facility is subject to a borrowing base limitation equal to the sum of   50%   of the total value of land and   65%   of the total value of lots owned by certain of our subsidiaries, each as determined by an independent appraiser, with the value of land being restricted from being more than   65%   of the borrowing base. Beginning on August 1, 2017, a non-usage fee equal to   0.25%   of the average unfunded amount of the   $50.0 million   commitment amount over a trailing 12 month period is due on or before August 1st of each year during the term of the amended revolving credit facility. The maturity date has been extended to   May 1, 2019  . The costs associated with the amendment of   $0.1 million   were deferred and are included in other assets in our consolidated. See   Note 5   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion. 
    
  Under the terms of the new revolving credit facility, we are required, among other things, to maintain minimum multiples of net worth in excess of the outstanding new revolving credit facility balance, minimum interest coverage and maximum leverage. 
    
  On December 15, 2015, we entered into a credit agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with the lenders named therein, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, providing for a senior, unsecured revolving credit facility with aggregate lending commitments of up to   $40.0 million   ( Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility ). Before the Amendment (as defined and discussed below) increased the maximum amount of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, we could at our option and subject to certain terms and conditions, prior to the termination date, increase the amount of the revolving credit facility up to a maximum aggregate amount of   $75.0 million  . Commitments under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility are available until the period ending December 14, 2018, which period may be extended for additional one year periods, subject to the consent of the lenders and the satisfaction of certain other terms and conditions. Citibank, N.A. and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch have initially committed to provide   $25.0 million   and   $15.0 million  , respectively. 
    
  The costs associated with the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility of   $0.5 million   were deferred and are included in other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. We are   amortizing these debt issuance costs to interest expense over the term of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility using the straight line method  . 
    
  The Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility provides for interest rate options on advances at rates equal to either: (x) in the case of base rate advances, the highest of (i) Citibank s base rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus   0.5%  , and (iii) the one-month LIBOR plus   1.0%  , in each case plus   1.5%  ; or (y) in the case of Eurodollar rate advances, the reserve adjusted LIBOR plus   2.5%  . Interest on amounts borrowed under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility is payable in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and December during such periods. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility was   2.9%   per annum. 
    
  The Company pays the lenders a commitment fee on the amount of the unused commitments on a quarterly basis at a rate per annum equal to   0.45%  . 
    
  Outstanding borrowings under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility are subject to, among other things, a borrowing base. The borrowing base limitation is equal to the sum of:   100%   of unrestricted cash (in excess of   $15.0 million  );   85%   of the book value of model homes, construction in progress homes, sold completed homes, and speculative homes (subject to certain limitations on the age and number of speculative homes and model homes);   65%   of the book value of finished lots and land under development; and   50%   of the book value of entitled land (subject to certain limitations on the value of entitled land and land under development as a percentage of the borrowing base). 
    
  On August 31, 2016, the Company, entered into a First Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the  Amendment ), with Flagstar Bank, FSB ( Flagstar Bank ), the lenders named therein, and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, which amends the Credit Agreement. The Amendment adds Flagstar Bank as a lender under the Credit Agreement, with an initial commitment of   $20.0 million  , which increases the aggregate lending commitments available under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility from   $40.0 million   to   $60.0 million  . The Amendment also increases the maximum amount of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility to a maximum aggregate amount of   $110.0 million  , which further increases are available at the Company s option, prior to the termination date, subject to certain terms and conditions. The costs associated with the Amendment of   $0.2 million   were deferred and are included in other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
    
  Additionally, under the terms of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility, we are required, among other things, to maintain compliance with various covenants, including financial covenants relating to a maximum Leverage Ratio, a minimum Interest  
  
    32 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Coverage Ratio, and a minimum Consolidated Tangible Net Worth, each as defined therein. Our compliance with these financial covenants is measured by calculations and metrics that are specifically defined or described by the terms of the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility.  
    
  We were in compliance with the covenants under the LOC agreements described above as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Notes Payable 
  On December 13, 2013, a subsidiary of JBGL signed a promissory note with Briar Ridge Investments, LTD for   $9.0 million   maturing on December 13, 2017, bearing interest at   6.0%   per annum and collateralized by land purchased in Allen, Texas. 
    
  On August 19, 2016, a subsidiary of JBGL signed a promissory note with Wretched Land, LP for   $1.4 million   maturing on January 1, 2017, bearing interest at   2.0%   per annum and collateralized by land located in Allen, Texas.   $0.7 million   of this note was repaid during September 2016. 
    
  Cash Flows  
  The following summarizes our primary sources and uses of cash for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  : 

Investing activities.   Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.3 million  , compared to net cash provided of   $2.1 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The change was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds from investment in direct financing leases for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Financing activities.   Net cash provided by financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $27.3 million  , compared to net cash provided of   $12.9 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The change was primarily due to (i) a decrease in repayments of the Term Loan Facility of   $150.0 million  , (ii) an increase in line of credit borrowings and proceeds from notes payable of   $18.8 million   and (iii) a decrease in repayments of notes payable and line of credit of   $15.6 million  , partially offset by (i) a decrease in proceeds from the Equity Offering, net of issuance costs of   $170.0 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations 
    
  In the ordinary course of business, we enter into land purchase contracts with third party developers in order to procure lots for the construction of our homes. We are subject to customary obligations associated with entering into contracts for the purchase of land and improved lots. These purchase contracts typically require a cash deposit, and the purchase of properties under these contracts is generally contingent upon satisfaction of certain requirements, including obtaining applicable property and development entitlement. We also utilize option contracts with land sellers as a method of acquiring land in staged takedowns, which are the schedules that dictate when lots must be purchased to help manage the financial and market risk associated with land holdings, and to reduce the use of funds from our corporate financing sources. Option contracts generally require us to pay a non-refundable deposit for the right to acquire lots over a specified period of time at pre-determined prices.  
  
    33 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

We generally have the right at our discretion to terminate our obligations under both purchase contracts and option contracts by forfeiting the cash deposit with no further financial responsibility to the land seller. 
    
  Our utilization of land option contracts is dependent on, among other things, the availability of land sellers willing to enter into these arrangements, the availability of capital to finance the development of optioned lots, general housing market conditions, and local market dynamics. Options may be more difficult to procure from land sellers in strong housing markets and are more prevalent in certain geographic regions. 

Inflation 
  Homebuilding operations can be adversely impacted by inflation, primarily from higher land prices, and increased costs of financing, labor, materials and construction. In addition, inflation can lead to higher mortgage rates, which can significantly affect the affordability of mortgage financing to homebuyers. While we attempt to pass on cost increases to customers through increased prices, when weak housing market conditions exist, we may be unable to offset cost increases with higher selling prices. 
    
  Seasonality 
  Historically, the homebuilding industry experiences seasonal fluctuations in quarterly operating results and capital requirements. We typically experience the highest new home order activity in spring and summer, although this activity is also highly dependent on the number of active selling communities, timing of new community openings and other market factors. Since it typically takes five to eight months to construct a new home, we deliver more homes in the second half of the year as spring and summer home orders lead to home deliveries. Because of this seasonality, home starts, construction costs and related cash outflows have historically been highest in the second and third quarters, and the majority of cash receipts from home deliveries occurs during the second half of the year. We expect this seasonal pattern to continue over the long-term, although it may be affected by volatility in the homebuilding industry. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
  Our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of costs and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates estimates and judgments, including those which impact our most critical accounting policies. Management bases estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
    
  Our significant accounting policies, which may be affected by our estimates and assumptions, are more fully described in Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and our critical accounting policies are more fully described in Part II, Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  each of which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on   March 30, 2016  . There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See   Note 1   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for recent accounting pronouncements. 
    
  Related Party Transactions 
  See   Note 9   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a description of our transactions with related parties. 

ITEM 3.     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  Our operations are interest rate sensitive. Because overall housing demand is adversely affected by increases in interest rates, a significant increase in mortgage interest rates may negatively affect the ability of homebuyers to secure adequate financing. Higher interest rates could adversely affect our revenues, gross margins and net income. 

34 

     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Our lines of credit have variable interest rates. An increase in interest rates could cause the cost of those lines to increase. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $81.5 million   outstanding on these lines of credit. However, the lines of credit are subject to minimum interest rates which we are currently being charged. 
    
  We do not enter into, or intend to enter into, swaps, forward or option contracts on interest rates or commodities or other types of derivative financial instruments for trading, hedging or speculative purposes. 
    
  Many of the statements contained in this section are forward looking and should be read in conjunction with the disclosures under the heading  Forward-Looking Statements.  

ITEM 4.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of   September 30, 2016  , due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as discussed in Part II, Item 9A,  Controls and Procedures,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  We have initiated several steps and plan to continue to evaluate and implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting in order to remediate these material weaknesses. Management has reorganized the roles and responsibilities in the accounting and financial reporting processes. Additionally, during the second quarter ended June 30, 2016, management hired a new Corporate Controller, with a broad range of experience in United States generally accepted accounting principles, a Director of Internal Audit, with extensive experience in implementing policies, procedures and controls, and promoted an employee to Director of Information Systems, who has a broad range of experience in managing operating systems. For a discussion of additional actions that we are currently undertaking to remediate these material weaknesses, which have not been remediated as of   September 30, 2016  , see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on   March 30, 2016  . Although we believe that we have made significant progress, our efforts to date have not yet been sufficient to fully remediate such weaknesses. As such, we will continue our efforts during the year ending   December 31, 2016  , although there can be no assurance that compliance will be achieved in this time frame. 
    
  Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
  As described above, during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q we have taken and are taking remedial actions intended to correct material weaknesses in our system of internal controls over financial reporting. Except for those remedial actions, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during the   third   quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART II.     OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are not involved in any material litigation nor, to our knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against the Company. For more information regarding how we account for legal proceedings, see   Note 11   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A.     RISK FACTORS 
    
  There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on   March 30, 2016  . 

ITEM 2.     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
    
  The following table provides information with respect to purchases by the Company of shares of our common stock during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands, except per share amounts):   

(1) 
    Our share repurchase program was approved by our Board of Directors in March 2016 and allows us to repurchase up to   1,000,000   shares of our common stock through   2017   or a determination by the Board to discontinue the repurchase program. The share repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. 

36 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

ITEM 6.     EXHIBITS INDEX 

*    Filed with this Form 10-Q 
  
    37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
                 GREEN BRICK PARTNERS, INC. 
      /s/ James R. Brickman 
      By: James R. Brickman 
      Its: Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Richard A. Costello 
      By: Richard A. Costello 
      Its: Chief Financial Officer 

Date:      November 7, 2016 
  
    38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311certificationofc.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, James R. Brickman, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Green Brick Partners, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:      November 7, 2016 
    
                                       By: 
    /s/ James R. Brickman 
      Name: 
    James R. Brickman 
      Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312certificationofc.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Richard A. Costello, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Green Brick Partners, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:      November 7, 2016 
                       
                                       By: 
    /s/ Richard A. Costello 
      Name: 
    Richard A. Costello 
      Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321certificationofc.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Green Brick Partners, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James R. Brickman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date:      November 7, 2016 
    
                                       By: 
    /s/ James R. Brickman 
      Name: 
    James R. Brickman 
      Title: 
    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322certificationofc.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Green Brick Partners, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard A. Costello, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350), that: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date:      November 7, 2016 
                                       By: 
    /s/ Richard A. Costello 
      Name: 
    Richard A. Costello 
      Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 grbk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 grbk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 grbk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 grbk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 grbk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 grbk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

