<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1412232_0001412232-16-000171_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6012056</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>70032</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>315071</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2024413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2611739</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>883114</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001412232-16-000171.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103160333
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001412232-16-000171
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VWR Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001412232
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PROFESSIONAL & COMMERCIAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [5040]
		IRS NUMBER:				260237871
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36673
		FILM NUMBER:		161971518

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 MATSONFORD RD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING ONE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087-8660
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-386-1700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 MATSONFORD RD
		STREET 2:		BUILDING ONE, SUITE 200
		CITY:			RADNOR
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19087-8660

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VWR Investors, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070912

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001412232-16-000171.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 a2016q3form10-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the   quarterly period   ended   September 30, 2016 
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
  Commission file number:   001-36673 

VWR Corporation 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Radnor Corporate Center, Building One, Suite 200 
  100 Matsonford Road 
  Radnor, Pennsylvania 19087 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  (610) 386-1700 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes   No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes   No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   Large accelerated filer   Accelerated filer   Non-accelerated filer   Smaller reporting company 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   Yes   No 
  On   October 27, 2016  ,   131,546,406   shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value per share, were outstanding. 

VWR Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Form 10-Q 
  For the   quarterly period   ended   September 30, 2016 
  Table of Contents 
                   
    Page 
       Glossary of Commonly Used Terms  
    ii 
       Cautionary Factors Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
    ii 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
    1 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    18 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    27 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    27 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    28 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    28 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    28 
       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    28 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    28 
       Item 5. Other Information  
    28 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
    28 

Signature  
    29 
       Exhibit Index  
    E-1 

i 

Table of Contents  

Glossary of Commonly Used Terms 
                   
    Description 
      Company, we, us, our 
    VWR Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
      2014 Plan 
    the VWR Corporation 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
      Adjusted EPS* 
    our net income, adjusted for certain items, divided by diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
      Americas 
    a segment covering North, Central and South America 
      AOCI 
    accumulated other comprehensive income or loss 
      Annual Report 
    our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016 
      Biopharma 
    the combination of the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors 
      Board 
    the board of directors of VWR Corporation 
      bps 
    basis points 
      EMEA-APAC 
    a segment covering Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific 
      EURIBOR 
    the applicable interest rate determined by the Banking Federation of the European Union 
      FASB 
    the Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      GAAP 
    United States generally accepted accounting principles 
      IPO 
    our initial public offering which occurred in 2014 
      ITRA 
    the income tax receivable agreement between us and Varietal 
      LIBOR 
    the applicable British Bankers Association London Interbank Offered Rate 
      Organic net sales growth* 
    the reported growth in net sales compared to a prior period, adjusted by the impact of changes in foreign currency rates and the contribution of acquisitions to the extent not present in the prior reported results 
      SEC 
    the United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SG A expenses 
    selling, general and administrative expenses 
      Varietal 
    Varietal Distribution Holdings, LLC 
      VWR Funding 
    VWR Funding, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary 

* 
    Denotes a non-GAAP financial measurement. See Part I, Item 2    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Key Indicators of Performance and Financial Condition  for more information, including where to find reconciliations from the most directly comparable GAAP-based financial measurements. 
      
  Cautionary Factors Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this report are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements discuss our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. These statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words  aim,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   forecast,   intend,   likely,   outlook,   plan,   potential,   project,   projection,   seek,   can,   could,   may,   should,   would,   will,  the negatives thereof and other words and terms of similar meaning. 
  
   ii 

     Table of Contents  

Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions; they are not guarantees of performance. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the assumptions and expectations will prove to be correct. 
  You should understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed in our Annual Report and Part II, Item 1A    Risk Factors,  could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: 
             
    unfavorable political, economic, capital and credit market conditions in the regions where we operate; 
                
    changes in our customers  research, development and production and other scientific endeavors; 
                
    changes to the life science industry adversely affecting our business; 
                
    increased competition from other companies in our industry and our ability to increase our market shares in the geographic regions where we operate; 
                
    our ability to maintain relationships with our customers and suppliers; 
                
    our ability to consummate and integrate prior and future acquisitions; 
                
    the international scope of our operations; 
                
    the need to record impairment charges against our goodwill, other intangible and/or other long-lived assets; 
                
    existing and increased government regulations to which we and our suppliers are subject; 
                
    our ability to comply with applicable antitrust or competition laws; 
                
    increased costs to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; 
                
    product liability and other claims in the ordinary course of business; 
                
    our ability to hire, train and retain executive officers and other key personnel; 
                
    significant interruptions in the operations of our distribution centers or the operations of our suppliers; 
                
    failure of our information services and its connectivity to our customers, suppliers and/or certain service providers; 
                
    our failure to register and in some cases own the existing applications and registrations for our material trademarks or service marks in certain countries where we do business; 
                
    foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and 
                
    unanticipated increases to our income tax liabilities. 
     All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. In addition, all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligations to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise other than as required under the federal securities laws. 
  
   iii 

Table of Contents  

PART I       FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 
     VWR Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Index to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
                   
    Page 
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    2 
       Condensed Consolidated Income Statements  
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income or Loss  
    4 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Equity and Stockholders  Equity  
    4 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    5 
       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

1 

Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

VWR Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
  (in millions, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  2 

Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

VWR Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Income Statements (Unaudited) 
  (in millions, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  3 

Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

VWR Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income or Loss (Unaudited) 
  (in millions) 

VWR Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Equity and Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited) 
  (in millions) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  4 

Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

VWR Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
  (in millions) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  5 

Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

VWR Corporation and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
   
           (  1  ) 
    Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation 
     We are a leading global independent provider of product and service solutions to laboratory and production customers. We have significant market positions in Europe and North America. We also have operations in Asia-Pacific and other key emerging markets to support our multinational customers across the globe. We serve a critical role in connecting customer sites with laboratory product suppliers across multiple industries and geographies. We offer a broad portfolio of branded and private label laboratory products. We also offer a full range of value-added services, including custom manufacturing, to meet our customers  needs. These services represent a growing but currently small portion of our overall net sales. We offer a wide selection of unique products and have developed an extensive global infrastructure including thousands of sales and service-focused professionals. We deliver value to our customers by improving the costs, efficiency and effectiveness of their research laboratories and production operations. We deliver value to our suppliers by providing them with cost-effective channel access to a global and diverse customer base. 
  The following describes our corporate organization at   September 30, 2016  : 

Varietal   Following a 2007 merger, Varietal was our only stockholder until our IPO in October 2014 and since then had been our majority stockholder through March 2016. Private equity funds managed by Madison Dearborn Partners hold a controlling interest in Varietal. Our condensed consolidated balance sheets reflect significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of the 2007 merger. 
     In April 2016, Varietal completed a sale of our common stock that caused it to no longer hold a majority ownership interest in us. As a result, we experienced a change in control under U.S. federal tax regulations which has impacted (i) the amount and timing of the utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards; (ii) the timing of payments under an ITRA with Varietal (see Note   12  ); and (iii) the amount of cash taxes we are paying. 
             
    VWR Funding and its wholly-owned subsidiaries   VWR Funding is our wholly-owned subsidiary and the sole issuer of our debt. Certain of those debt agreements restrict its ability to make distributions to us. 
     
   6 

     Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

Basis of Presentation 
  We report financial results on the basis of   two   segments organized by geographic region: the Americas and EMEA-APAC. 
  We have prepared these condensed consolidated financial statements without audit pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Certain information normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP has been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. The financial information presented herein reflects all adjustments (consisting only of normal, recurring adjustments) that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim periods presented. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 
  We believe that the disclosures included herein are adequate to make the information presented not misleading in any material respect when read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report. Those audited consolidated financial statements include a summary of our significant accounting policies, to which there have been no material changes. 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of VWR Corporation and the redeemable equity of Varietal, each after the elimination of intercompany balances and transactions. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue, expense, income and loss during the reporting period. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 
   
           (  2  ) 
    New Accounting Standards 
     In March 2016, the FASB issued new guidance to simplify several aspects of accounting and presentation for share-based compensation. The new guidance is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2017, with early adoption permitted. We early adopted the guidance beginning October 1, 2016. The guidance did not have a material impact to us upon adoption. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued comprehensive new guidance about leases. Under the new guidance, most leases will be recognized on our consolidated balance sheet as liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets. The new guidance is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2019, with early adoption permitted. The guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach. Although we are continuing to evaluate its impact, we expect that the new guidance will result in a significant increase to the assets and liabilities we present on our consolidated balance sheet. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued comprehensive new revenue recognition guidance. The guidance provides a new model for revenue recognition that supersedes most current guidance and requires more disclosures about revenue including the components of revenue that are communicated to investors. The new guidance is effective for us beginning in the first quarter of 2018 and may be adopted using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach. Although we are continuing to evaluate the impact of the new guidance, we expect that the new recognition model will primarily impact only certain portions of our business, and we expect to provide expanded disclosures and to adopt the new standard using the modified retrospective method. 
  There were no other new accounting standards that we expect to have a material impact to our financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

(  3  ) 
    Earnings per Share 
     The following table presents information about basic and diluted earnings per share (in millions): 

(  4  ) 
    Acquisitions 
     During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we acquired   three   businesses. In November 2016, we acquired   two   additional businesses, which we expect will result in aggregate cash paid for the   five   acquisitions of approximately   $145 million  . Except for their expected   effects on investing cash flow  , none of these acquisitions, nor their related costs, were material individually or in the aggregate to our results of operations or financial condition. 
   
           (  5  ) 
    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, net 
     The following tables present information about goodwill by segment (in millions): 

8 

     Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

The following table presents the components of other intangible assets (in millions): 

The following table presents information about debt (dollars in millions): 

In the table above, discounts include unamortized original issue discounts and debt issuance costs. EURIBOR is subject to a floor of   0.75%   and other debt includes capital lease obligations and subsidiary loans from local banks. Borrowings under the accounts receivable securitization facility and the multi-currency revolving loan facility, if any, are included in the current portion of debt because we frequently borrow from and repay them to satisfy short term cash requirements. 
  In April 2016, we entered into two interest rate swaps that exchange LIBOR for fixed rates on a portion of our term A loan. See Note   7  . 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

The following table presents availability under credit facilities at   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

Current availability under the accounts receivable securitization facility depends upon maintaining a sufficient borrowing base of eligible trade accounts receivable. 
   
           (  7  ) 
    Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements 
     Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, accounts payable, debt and an amount due to Varietal under the ITRA. Except for the amount due to Varietal, these financial instruments are held or issued by a number of institutions, which reduces the risk of material non-performance. 
  Assets and Liabilities for which Fair Value is Only Disclosed 
  The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents is the same as its fair value and is a Level 1 measurement. The carrying amounts for trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short-term nature and are Level 2 measurements. 
  The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of debt instruments (in millions): 

The fair values of debt instruments are based on quoted market prices and standard pricing models that take into account the present value of future cash flows, which are Level 2 measurements. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the amount due to Varietal under the ITRA (see Note   12  ) had carrying amounts of   $85.0 million   and   $163.1 million  , respectively, and fair values of   $74.6 million   and   $147.6 million  , respectively. The fair values were estimated using a combination of observable and unobservable inputs following an income-based approach, a Level 3 measurement. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

Recurring Fair Value Measurements with Significant Unobservable Inputs 
  Certain of the business acquisitions we completed entitle the sellers to contingent consideration if earnings targets are met during a period of time following the acquisition. 
  The following table presents changes in contingent consideration liabilities (in millions): 

We estimate the fair value of contingent consideration using the average of probability-weighted potential earn-out payments specified in the purchase agreements, a Level 3 measurement, ranging in the aggregate from approximately     $4 million   to   $39 million   for all open earn-outs   a  t   September 30, 2016  . The significant assumptions used in these calculations include forecasted results and the estimated likelihood for each performance scenario. 
  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  We engage in hedging activities to reduce our exposure to changes in variable interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. Our hedging activities are designed to manage specific risks according to our strategies, as summarized below, which may change from time to time. Our hedging activities consist of the following: 
             
    Cash flow hedging     We hedge the variable base interest rate of a portion of our term A loan using interest rate swaps; 
                
    Net investment hedging     We hedge a portion of our net investment in euro-denominated foreign operations using our 4.625% senior notes and a portion of our term B loan; 
                
    Economic hedge     We experience opposite foreign currency exchange rate effects related to a euro-denominated intercompany loan and the unhedged portion of our term B loan. The currency effects for these non-derivative instruments are recorded through earnings in the period of change and substantially offset one another; and 
                
    Other hedging     activities     Some of our subsidiaries hedge short-term foreign-denominated business transactions and intercompany financing transactions using foreign currency forward contracts. No additional disclosures are provided for these activities because they were not material to our consolidated financial statements. 
     Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedging 
  We have entered into   two   interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges of the variable LIBOR rate on our term A loan. Beginning April 2016, we swapped LIBOR for a   1.00%   fixed rate on   $375.0 million   of our term A loan. Beginning September 2016, we swapped LIBOR for a   1.05%   fixed rate on an additional   $125.0 million   of our term A loan. Both interest rate swaps mature on September 28, 2020. These hedges have been and are  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

expected to continue to be fully effective. As a result, changes to the fair value of the interest rate swaps, which otherwise would be recognized in earnings, are deferred to AOCI. 
  We have designated    410.0 million   of our term B loan and all    503.8 million   of our 4.625% senior notes as hedges to protect a portion of our net investment in foreign operations from the impact of changes in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate. As a result of these hedge designations, the foreign currency changes on the debt instruments, which otherwise would be recognized in earnings, are deferred to AOCI and equally offset the foreign currency changes on the hedged portion of our net investment. These hedges have no other impact to our financial position, financial performance or cash flows. 
  The following table presents the balance sheet classification and fair values of these instruments, all of which are Level 2 measurements (in millions): 

The following table presents the net unrealized gain (loss) deferred to AOCI for these instruments (in millions): 

All of these hedges were fully effective for the periods presented. 
  The following table presents the net loss reclassified from AOCI into interest expense for these instruments (in millions): 

12 

Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

(  8  ) 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
     Our business involves risk of product liability, patent infringement and other claims in the ordinary course of business arising from the products that we source from various manufacturers or produce ourselves, as well as from the services we provide. Our exposure to such claims may increase as we seek to increase the geographic scope of our sourcing activities and sales of private label products and to the extent that we expand our manufacturing operations or service offerings. We maintain insurance policies, including product liability insurance, and in many cases the manufacturers of the products we distribute have indemnified us against such claims. We cannot assure you that our insurance coverage or indemnification agreements with manufacturers will be available in all pending or any future cases brought against us. Furthermore, our ability to recover under any insurance or indemnification arrangements is subject to the financial viability of our insurers, our manufacturers and our manufacturers  insurers, as well as legal enforcement under the local laws governing the arrangements. In particular, as we seek to expand our sourcing from manufacturers in the Asia-Pacific region and other developing locations, we expect that we will increase our exposure to potential defaults under the related indemnification arrangements. Insurance coverage in general or coverage for certain types of liabilities, such as product liability or patent infringement in these developing markets may not be readily available for purchase or cost-effective for us to purchase. Furthermore, insurance for liability relating to asbestos, lead and silica exposure is not available, and we do not maintain insurance for product recalls. Accordingly, we could be subject to uninsured and unindemnified future liabilities, and an unfavorable result in a case for which adequate insurance or indemnification is not available could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  We are also involved in various disputes, litigation and regulatory matters incidental to our business, including employment matters, commercial disputes, government contract compliance matters, disputes regarding environmental clean-up costs, and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves in such matters. From time to time, we are named as a defendant in cases as a result of our distribution of laboratory supplies, including litigation resulting from the alleged prior distribution of products containing asbestos by certain of our predecessors or acquired companies. While the impact of these disputes or litigation has historically been immaterial, and we believe the range of reasonably possible loss from current matters continues to be immaterial, there can be no assurance that the impact of the pending and any future claims will not be material to our business, financial condition or results of operations in the future. 
  Employment Agreements 
  The employment agreements with our executive officers include provisions for the payment of severance and continuing health benefits following termination without cause or resignation for good reason, as those terms are defined in the employment agreements. The aggregate of potential payments for all executive officers under these provisions was   $10.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  Registration Rights Agreement 
  We are party to a registration rights agreement with Varietal that could require us to pay securities registration costs in future periods. Under the registration rights agreement, Varietal is entitled to request that we register (i) any shares of our common stock that it held at October 7, 2014 and (ii) any shares held by Madison Dearborn Partners. Should we register such common stock, we would be required to pay costs related to the registration as well as Varietal s expenses in connection with its exercise of these rights. 
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred expenses of   $0.4 million   and   $1.2 million  , respectively, pursuant to the registration rights agreement. See Note   12  . 
  
   13 

Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

(  9  ) 
    Share-Based Compensation 
     The following table presents the components of share-based compensation expense, a component of selling, general and administrative expenses (in millions): 

At   September 30, 2016  , remaining share-based compensation expense of   $27.7 million   related to unvested awards will be recognized over a weighted average period of   3.2 years  . 
  2014 Plan 
  The 2014 Plan authorized up to   11.5 million   shares of common stock to be issued in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock or other stock-based awards. At   September 30, 2016  ,   5.6 million   shares were available for future issuance. No award shall be granted pursuant to the 2014 Plan on or after September 9, 2024. 
  The following table presents information about stock options under the 2014 Plan (in millions, except per option amounts and years): 

In 2016, we granted stock options to management under the 2014 Plan. The stock options vest   25%   on the first anniversary of the date of grant and   6.25%   quarterly thereafter through the   four  th anniversary of the date of grant and have a   seven  -year term. 
  The following table presents information about the fair value of stock options granted in 2016: 
                     Weighted average grant date fair value 
    $ 
    6.69 
      
      Expected stock price volatility 
    30 
    % 
      Risk free interest rate 
    1.16 
    % 
      Expected dividend rate 
    nil 
      
      Expected life of options in years 
    4.6 

14 

     Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

On October 1, 2016,   1.2 million   stock options became exercisable at   $21.00   per option with an aggregate intrinsic value of   $8.4 million   and a remaining term of   5.0 years  . 
   
  (  10  )    Benefit Plans 
  The following tables present the components of net periodic pension (income) cost (in millions): 

During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we made   no   contributions to the U.S. Retirement Plan and   $0.7 million   of aggregate contributions to the German, French and UK Plans. For the remainder of 2016, we expect to make   no   contributions to the U.S. Retirement Plan and aggregate contributions of   $8.0 million   to the German, French and UK Plans. 
   
           (  11  ) 
    Comprehensive Income or Loss 
     The following table presents changes in the components of AOCI, net of tax (in millions): 

15 

     Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

The following table presents information about the reclassification of net (gain) loss from AOCI into earnings (in millions): 

The following table presents the income tax effects of the components of comprehensive income or loss (in millions): 

(  12  ) 
    Related Party Transactions 
     Due to Varietal   ITRA 
  We are party to an ITRA with Varietal. The ITRA provides for the payment of   85%   of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax realized as a result of utilizing net operating losses that were generated in periods prior to the IPO. As noted previously, Madison Dearborn Partners owns a controlling interest in Varietal. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  
   Index to Financial Statements  

The timing of payments under the ITRA corresponds to the year subsequent to the year in which the net operating loss carryforwards are claimed on our tax return. We made a payment under the ITRA of   $78.1 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . At   September 30, 2016  , the remaining amount due to Varietal under the ITRA was   $85.0 million  ,   $37.4 million   of which is classified as current and represents our estimate of the payment that will become due in March 2017. 
  Registration Rights Agreement 
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , Varietal completed registered sales of   25.2 million   shares of our common stock. We received   no   proceeds from these sales and issued   no   additional shares of our common stock. Pursuant to our registration rights agreement with Varietal (see Note   8  ), we incurred expenses of   $0.4 million   and   $1.2 million   related to the registered sales during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
   
           (  13  ) 
    Segment Financial Information 
     The following table presents segment financial information (in millions): 

Inter-segment activity has been eliminated; therefore, net sales for each segment are all from external customers. We determined that disclosing net sales for each group of similar customers, products and services would be impracticable. 
   
   In November 2016, our Board approved incurring charges of approximately   $30 million   over the next few quarters to achieve additional efficiencies in our operating model. 
  
   17 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     The following discussion and analysis should be read with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1        Financial Statements.  This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those forward-looking statements. Refer to  Cautionary Factors Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  for additional information. 
   
  Basis of Presentation 
  Pursuant to SEC rules for reports covering interim periods, we have prepared this discussion and analysis to enable you to assess material changes in our financial condition and results of operations since December 31, 2015, the date of our Annual Report. Therefore, we encourage you to read this discussion and analysis in conjunction with the Annual Report. 
  We report financial results on the basis of two segments organized by geographic region: the Americas and EMEA-APAC. 
  Overview 
  We are a leading global independent provider of product and service solutions to laboratory and production customers. We have significant market positions in Europe and North America. We also have operations in Asia-Pacific and other key emerging markets to support our multinational customers across the globe. We serve a critical role in connecting customer sites with laboratory product suppliers across multiple industries and geographies. We offer a broad portfolio of branded and private label laboratory products. We also offer a full range of value-added services, including custom manufacturing, to meet our customers  needs. These services represent a growing but currently small portion of our overall net sales. We offer a wide selection of unique products and have developed an extensive global infrastructure including thousands of sales and service-focused professionals. We deliver value to our customers by improving the costs, efficiency and effectiveness of their research laboratories and production operations. We deliver value to our suppliers by providing them with cost-effective channel access to a global and diverse customer base. 
  Our growth strategies include expanding our global strategic relationships, developing complementary new services, expanding our customer and supplier base, implementing best practices across our operations, broadening our offerings to underserved customer segments, executing targeted acquisitions and deploying capital to create stockholder value. 
  
   18 

Table of Contents  

Key Indicators of Performance and Financial Condition 
  To evaluate our performance, we monitor a number of key indicators of our performance and financial condition. 
             
    Net sales  ,     organic net sales growth  ,   operating income   and   operating income margin  , which we discuss in the section entitled  Results of Operations.  Organic net sales growth is a non-GAAP financial measurement that eliminates the contribution from recently acquired businesses and the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates from our reported net sales. We believe that this measurement is useful to investors as an additional way to measure and evaluate our underlying commercial operating performance consistently across the periods presented. This measurement is used by our management for the same reason; 
                
    Constant-currency changes in gross profit, SG A expenses   and   operating income  , which we discuss in the section entitled  Results of Operations.  These are non-GAAP financial measurements that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates from our reported results. We believe that these measurements are useful to investors as an additional way to measure and evaluate our underlying commercial operating performance excluding the effects of currency changes, which we cannot control. These measurements are used by our management for the same reason; 
                
    Gross margin,     net income   and   diluted earnings per share  , which we discuss in the section entitled  Results of Operations;  
                
    Adjusted EPS  , which we discuss in materials furnished to the SEC and other public materials related to our presentation of quarterly results. Adjusted EPS is a non-GAAP financial measurement that eliminates the effect of the amortization of acquired intangible assets, changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to financing decisions and certain other items. We then add or subtract an estimated incremental income tax effect applicable to those items. We believe that this measurement is useful to investors as an additional way to analyze the underlying trends in our business consistently across the periods presented. This measurement is used by our management for the same reason; and 
                
    Cash flows, particularly   cash flows from operating activities  , which we discuss in the section entitled  Liquidity and Capital Resources   Historical Cash Flows.  
     Cautionary Statement about Non-GAAP Financial Measurements 
  As previously noted, we supplement our results of operations determined in accordance with GAAP with certain non-GAAP financial measurements that are used by management, and which we believe are useful to investors, as supplemental operational measurements to evaluate our financial performance. These measurements should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for reported GAAP results because they may include or exclude certain items as compared to similar GAAP-based measurements, and such measurements may not be comparable to similarly-titled measurements reported by other companies. Rather, these measurements should be considered as an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that provide a more complete understanding of our business. We strongly encourage investors to review our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein and in publicly filed reports in their entirety and not rely solely on any one, single financial measurement. 
  Reconciliations of our non-GAAP measurements appearing in this report to their most directly comparable GAAP-based financial measurements are included throughout the section entitled  Results of Operations.  
  
   19 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  This discussion and analysis includes a summary of our historical results of operations below, followed by detailed comparisons of our results. We have derived this data from our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
  The following table presents a summary of our results of operations (dollars in millions, except per share data): 

The following summarizes third quarter 2016 results compared to the prior year: 
             
    Net sales increased 3.7%, 1.6% on an organic basis. Americas net sales increased 6.0%, 1.7% on an organic basis. EMEA-APAC net sales increased 0.2%, 1.4% on an organic basis; 
                 
    Gross margin improved 30 basis points as a result of efficient pricing and favorable customer mix; 
                 
    Operating income margin declined 10 basis points, with Americas operating income margin declining 40 basis points and EMEA-APAC operating income margin increasing by 50 basis points. EMEA-APAC operating income was impacted by a $3.2 million impairment charge in the prior year. Excluding this impairment charge, operating income margins declined due to increased levels of variable and share-based compensation expense. 
                 
    Net income and diluted earnings per share increased due to lower interest expense and the absence of a significant loss on extinguishment of debt. 
     In the first nine months of the year, net sales increased 5.5%, up 3.9% on an organic basis, and operating income increased 6.5%. Operating income margin was flat at 7.3%. 
  
   20 

Table of Contents  

Net Sales and Organic Net Sales Growth 
  The following tables present information about net sales and organic net sales growth (dollars in millions): 

Three Months Ended 
  Net sales increased $40.6 million or 3.7%, up 1.6% on an organic basis.  
  Americas net sales increased $39.8 million or 6.0%, up 1.7% on an organic basis, driven by solid growth to Biopharma and government customers. Sales to healthcare customers increased, while sales to industrial customers were about flat and sales to education customers were slightly down. From a product perspective, net sales of chemicals increased double-digits, while other consumables and capital goods increased low single-digits. Sales in the Americas benefited primarily from acquisitions and efficient pricing. 
  EMEA-APAC net sales increased $0.8 million or 0.2%, up 1.4% on an organic basis with growth in sales to industrial, healthcare and Biopharma customers, while sales to government and education customers declined. Performance by customer group included growth in private sector spending, somewhat offset by a lower level of government spending. From a product perspective, sales of chemicals were about flat, other consumables increased by mid single-digits and capital goods were down low single-digits. Sales in EMEA-APAC reflected modest improvements from acquisitions, volume and pricing. 
  Nine Months Ended 
  Net sales increased $177.6 million or 5.5%, up 3.9% on an organic basis. 
  Americas net sales increased $144.3 million or 7.5%, up 4.3% on an organic basis for reasons similar to the three-month period, except that sales were slightly better across most customer and product groups due to the strong first half results. 
  EMEA-APAC net sales increased $33.3 million or 2.6%, up 3.4% on an organic basis for reasons similar to the three-month period, except that sales to Biopharma customers increased mid single-digits and sales across most other customer and product groups were modestly better due to the strength of our first half 2016 results. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
  The following tables present information about gross profit and gross margin (dollars in millions): 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, gross profit increased 4.7%, up 5.6% on a constant-currency basis, reflecting a higher level of net sales and gross margin improvement. Gross margin was 27.6%, up 30 basis points compared to prior year primarily due to pricing benefits and favorable customer mix. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, gross profit increased 6.6%, up 7.6% on a constant-currency basis, and gross margin was 28.0%, up 30 basis points, each for reasons similar to the three-month period. 
  SG A Expenses 
  The following tables present information about SG A expenses (dollars in millions): 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, SG A expenses increased $11.9 million or 5.4%, up 6.3% on a constant-currency basis, reflecting increased variable and share-based compensation expense. SG A expenses also increased from business acquisitions. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, SG A expenses increased $43.3 million or 6.6%, up 7.7% on a constant-currency basis, for reasons similar to the three-month period. 
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Income 
  The following table presents information about operating income (dollars in millions): 

Three Months Ended 
  Consolidated operating income increased $2.1 million or 2.6%, up 3.9% on a constant-currency basis. Operating income margin declined 10 basis points compared to prior year. 
  Americas operating income was flat with margin down 40 basis points, the result of net sales growth and gross margin improvement offset by higher SG A expenses. 
  EMEA-APAC operating income increased $2.1 million or 6.2%, up 9.4% on a constant-currency basis, with operating income margin up 50 basis points. EMEA-APAC operating income was impacted by a $3.2 million impairment charge in the prior year. Excluding this impairment charge, operating income was slightly lower and operating income margin declined for reasons similar to the Americas. 
  Nine Months Ended 
  Operating income increased $15.0 million or 6.5%, up 7.4% on a constant-currency basis, with operating income margin flat year-over-year. For both segments, the net sales growth and gross margin improvements were relatively stronger than the increase to SG A expenses as compared to the quarter, resulting in stronger bottom-line performance. 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

Net Income and Diluted Earnings per Share 
  The following table presents information about net income and diluted earnings per share (in millions, except per share amounts): 

Three Months Ended 
  Net income increased $29.6 million primarily due to the absence of the extinguishment loss from our third quarter 2015 debt refinancing. Other notable factors include: 
             
    Higher operating income, up $2.1 million compared to prior year; 
                
    Lower interest expense, down $7.5 million due to our 2015 debt refinancing; and 
                
    Higher income tax provision, primarily due to the absence of the debt extinguishment loss. The effective tax rate was similar to the rate for the year ended December 31, 2015 as described in Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report. 
     These factors drove diluted earnings per share of $0.31, an increase of $0.23. 
  Nine Months Ended 
  Net income increased $20.4 million due to factors similar to those discussed for the three-month period in addition to the absence of significant non-cash net foreign currency remeasurement gain from our debt in 2015. Since October 2015, substantially all of our euro-denominated debt has been part of a hedging program. 
  Diluted earnings per share increased $0.16 for reasons similar to net income. 
  
   24 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  We fund short-term cash requirements primarily from operating cash flows and available borrowings under our credit facilities. Most of our cash resides outside of the United States, which we do not intend to repatriate. Most of our long-term financing is from debt. 
  Our future financial and operating performance, our ability to service or refinance our debt and our ability to comply with covenants and restrictions contained in our debt agreements will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and will be substantially dependent on the global economy, demand for our products and our ability to successfully implement our business strategies. 
  We believe that cash generated from operations, together with available borrowings under our credit facilities, will be adequate to meet our current and expected needs for cash prior to the maturity of our debt, although no assurance can be given in this regard. 
   
  Liquidity 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had aggregate unused availability of   $346.9 million   under our credit facilities, calculated as follows (in millions): 

Borrowings under these facilities are the most significant source of our liquidity. The daily average of aggregate borrowings outstanding under these facilities for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $96.5 million   and   $122.5 million  , respectively. Our liquidity needs change daily, which causes our unused availability to fluctuate. Current availability under the accounts receivable securitization facility depends upon maintaining a sufficient borrowing base of eligible trade accounts receivable. 
   
  Historical Cash Flows 
  The following table presents a summary of historical cash flows (in millions): 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Historical Cash Flows     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
  Operating Activities 
  Net cash   provide  d   by   operating activities   increased     $28.8 million   from prior year due primarily to a significant contribution from earnings, excluding non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization and deferred income tax provision. Those increases were partially offset by investments in net working capital. 
  Changes in trade accounts receivable   use  d cash of   $29.8 million   due primarily to organic net sales growth. Changes in inventories   use  d cash of   $30.0 million  , which follows the organic net sales growth and reflects a greater stock of private label products and chemicals, the continuation of a global initiative to expand our product offerings and improve customer service levels. Changes in accounts payable   use  d cash of   $34.4 million  . Our cash disbursement routines follow a standardized process for payment, and we may experience fluctuations in cash flows associated with accounts payable from period to period. Changes in other assets and liabilities   provide  d   $32.1 million   of cash, reflecting accruals for variable compensation and a number of other accruals primarily related to cutoff and timing. 
  Cash paid for interest was   $54.7 million  , a significant decrease from prior year caused primarily by savings from our 2015 debt refinancing. Cash paid for income taxes was   $51.5 million  , an increase of $22.4 million from prior year caused by higher taxable income and a limitation on our use of net operating losses following the change in control described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements located in Part I, Item 1        Financial Statements.  
  Investing Activities 
  Net cash   use  d   in   investing activities was   $106.3 million  . We paid net cash of   $60.8 million   to acquire three businesses. Capital expenditures were   $45.5 million  , an increase of $20.8 million from prior year driven by the consolidation of our U.S. chemical manufacturing businesses. 
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash   use  d   in   financing activities was   $78.2 million  , primarily reflecting payment of   $78.1 million   to Varietal under the ITRA. That payment, which related to our 2015 utilization of net operating losses, was $68.3 million larger than the prior year because of higher taxable income, and in 2014 only one quarter of the year was subject to the ITRA. Cash flows from debt were not significant when considered with the change in cash overdrafts, both of which reflect ordinary timing differences related to our liquidity. 
   
  Historical Cash Flows     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
  Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities included a significant contribution from earnings, excluding non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization, currency remeasurement and deferred income tax provision. This contribution was reduced by i) an increase in trade accounts receivable, which   use  d cash of   $41.3 million   due primarily to organic net sales growth, and ii) an increase in inventories, which used cash of $26.6 million, part of a global initiative to expand our product offerings and improve customer service levels  . 
  Cash paid for interest was   $81.7 million  , and cash paid for income taxes was   $29.1 million  . 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Investing Activities 
  Net cash   use  d in investing activities was   $68.2 million  . We paid net cash of   $45.6 million   to acquire three businesses, and capital expenditures were   $24.7 million  . 
  Financing Activities 
  Net cash   use  d by financing activities was   $75.5 million  . We paid debt issuance costs of   $40.3 million   in connection with the refinancing of substantially all of our debt. In addition, on a net basis we repaid   $21.0 million   of debt and   $9.8 million   to Varietal under the ITRA.  
   
  New Accounting Standards 
  For information about new accounting standards, see Note   2   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1        Financial Statements.  
   
           Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     In the second quarter of 2016, we entered into two interest rate swaps that we designated as cash flow hedges of the variable LIBOR rate on our term A loan. For additional information, see Note   7   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1        Financial Statements.  Had both interest rate swaps been in place at December 31, 2015, the exposure we reported from a 100 basis point increase in variable interest rates would have been reduced from $9.7 million per annum to $4.7 million per annum. 
  There have been no other significant changes since the date we filed our Annual Report. 
   
           Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, reported, accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

PART II       OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     For information regarding legal proceedings and matters, see Note   8   to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1        Financial Statements,  which information is incorporated into this item by reference. 
   
           Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     There have been no material changes to the risk factors included in the Annual Report and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016. 
   
           Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     None. 
   
           Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     None. 
   
           Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not applicable. 
   
           Item 5. 
    Other Information 
     None. 
   
           Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
     See the Exhibit Index beginning on page E-1 of this report. 
  
   28 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURE 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
                       
    VWR Corporation 

Date: November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Douglas J. Pitts 

Name: 
    Douglas J. Pitts 

Title: 
    Vice President and Corporate Controller 
  (Chief Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) 

29 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                              Exhibit No. 
      
    Exhibit Description 
      
    Method of Filing 
                  31.1 
      
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    Filed herewith 
           31.2 
      
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    Filed herewith 
           32.1 
      
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
      
    Furnished herewith 
           32.2 
      
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
      
    Furnished herewith 
           101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      
    Filed herewith 
           101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      
    Filed herewith 
           101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 
           101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 
           101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 
           101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

E-1 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2016q3form10-qex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Manuel Brocke-Benz, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q   of VWR Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                    Date: November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Manuel Brocke-Benz 
        
    Name: Manuel Brocke-Benz 
        
    Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2016q3form10-qex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Gregory L. Cowan, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q   of VWR Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                    Date: November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Gregory L. Cowan 
        
    Name: Gregory L. Cowan 
        
    Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2016q3form10-qex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Certification Pursuant to 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q   of VWR Corporation (the  Company ) for the   quarterly period   ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Manuel Brocke-Benz, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                    Date: November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Manuel Brocke-Benz 
        
    Name: Manuel Brocke-Benz 
        
    Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2016q3form10-qex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  Certification Pursuant to 
  18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted Pursuant to 
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the   Quarterly   Report on   Form 10-Q   of VWR Corporation (the  Company ) for the   quarterly period   ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Gregory L. Cowan, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
                    Date: November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Gregory L. Cowan 
        
    Name: Gregory L. Cowan 
        
    Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 vwr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vwr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vwr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vwr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vwr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vwr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

