<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1077771_0001077771-16-000429_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21349892</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183456</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>828000</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8266366</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9363597</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2292038</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>95</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001077771-16-000429.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103190713
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001077771-16-000429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001077771
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				931261319
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34624
		FILM NUMBER:		161973298

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE SW COLUMBIA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97258
		BUSINESS PHONE:		503-727-4100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE SW COLUMBIA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1200
		CITY:			PORTLAND
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97258

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001077771-16-000429.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 umpq-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

United States       
  Securities and Exchange Commission  
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
    
  FORM 10-Q 

[  ] 
    Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
        
    for the transition period from                                            to                                           . 

Commission File Number:     001-34624    
    
  Umpqua Holdings Corporation    
    
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
                 OREGON  
    93-1261319  
      (State or Other Jurisdiction 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
      of Incorporation or Organization) 

One SW Columbia Street, Suite 1200  
  Portland, Oregon 97258  
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)(Zip Code)  
    
  (503) 727-4100  
  (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
    
  [X]   Yes   [  ]   No  
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
    
  [X]   Yes   [  ]   No  
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
  [X]   Large accelerated filer   [    ]   Accelerated filer   [    ]   Non-accelerated filer   [  ]   Smaller reporting company  
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
    
  [  ]   Yes   [X]   No  
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding for each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date: 
    
  Common stock, no par value:   220,208,309   shares outstanding as of October 31, 2016 

Table of Contents  

UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORPORATION  
  FORM 10-Q  
  Table of Contents  
    
                    PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    3 
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    3 
      Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    48 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    76 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    76 
       Part II.  OTHER INFORMATION   
    77 
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    77 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    77 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    77 
      Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    78 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    78 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    78 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    78 
       SIGNATURES   
    79 
       EXHIBIT INDEX   
    80 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I.            FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.            Financial Statements (unaudited)  

UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (UNAUDITED) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF     INCOME  
  (UNAUDITED)    

4 

     Table of Contents  

UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF     INCOME     (Continued)  
  (UNAUDITED)    

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME       
  (UNAUDITED)  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements   
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONDENSED     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY       
  (UNAUDITED)          

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

8 

     Table of Contents  

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 

9 

Table of Contents  

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
    
  The accounting and financial reporting policies of Umpqua Holdings Corporation conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.  All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. The condensed consolidated financial statements have not been audited. A more detailed description of our accounting policies is included in the   2015   Annual Report filed on Form 10-K. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in the   2015   Annual Report filed on Form 10-K. All references in this report to "Umpqua," "we," "our," "us," the "Company" or similar references mean Umpqua Holdings Corporation, and include our consolidated subsidiaries where the context so requires. References to "Bank" refer to our subsidiary Umpqua Bank, an Oregon state-chartered commercial bank, and references to "Umpqua Investments" refer to our subsidiary Umpqua Investments, Inc., a registered broker-dealer and investment adviser.  The Bank also has a wholly-owned subsidiary, Financial Pacific Leasing Inc., a commercial equipment leasing company. Pivotus Ventures, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Umpqua Holdings Corporation, focuses on advancing bank innovation by developing new bank platforms that could have a significant impact on the experience and economics of banking. 
    
  In preparing these condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company has evaluated events and transactions subsequent to   September 30, 2016   for potential recognition or disclosure. In management's opinion, all accounting adjustments necessary to accurately reflect the financial position and results of operations on the accompanying financial statements have been made. These adjustments include normal and recurring accruals considered necessary for a fair and accurate presentation. The results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year or any other interim period.  Certain reclassifications of prior period amounts have been made to conform to current classifications.   In the second quarter of 2016, the loan portfolio was analyzed for correct classification of certain commercial and commercial real estate loan types, and as a result of this analysis, loan classifications were updated.  The prior period loan classifications have been updated to be comparable to the current period presentation in note   3 -Loans and Leases   and note   4 -Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Credit Quality  . 
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, Umpqua identified an error related to the accounting for loans sold to Ginnie Mae ( GNMA ) that have become past due 90 days or more.  Pursuant to GNMA purchase and sales agreements, Umpqua has the unilateral right to repurchase loans that become past due 90 days or more.  As a result of this unilateral right, once the delinquency criteria has been met, and regardless of whether the repurchase option has been exercised, the loan should be recognized, with an offsetting liability, to account for these loans that no longer meet the true-sale criteria.  The Company has continued to grow the portfolio of GNMA loans sold and serviced, which has led to an increasing number and amount of delinquent loans.  As such, the Company has recorded an adjustment to record the balance of the GNMA loans sold and serviced that are over 90 days past due, but not repurchased, as loans, with a corresponding other liability. Management evaluated the materiality of the error from qualitative and quantitative perspectives and concluded that the error was immaterial to the prior period financial statements taken as a whole. To provide consistency in the amounts reported in the comparable periods, the Company has recognized the delinquent GNMA loans for which the Company has the unconditional repurchase option, as well as the corresponding other liability, for the periods reported.  As of December 31, 2015, this change resulted in an increase in loans and leases, net loans and leases, total assets, other liabilities, and total liabilities of $  19.2 million  .  This change did not affect net income or shareholders' equity for any period. 
  Application of new accounting guidance 
  As of April 1, 2016, Umpqua adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board's (FASB) Accounting Standard Update ("ASU") No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .  ASU 2016-09, seeks to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. As required by ASU 2016-09, all adjustments are reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year, January 1, 2016.  By applying this ASU, the Company no longer adjusts common stock for the tax impact of shares released, instead the tax impact is recognized as tax expense in the period the shares are released.  This simplifies the tracking of the excess tax benefits and deficiencies, but could cause volatility in tax expense for the periods presented.  The statement of cash flows has been adjusted to reflect the provisions of this ASU.  The application of this ASU did not have a material impact on the financial statements. 

10 

Table of Contents  

Note 2       Investment Securities  
    
  The following table presents the amortized costs, unrealized gains, unrealized losses and approximate fair values of investment securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

Investment securities that were in an unrealized loss position as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are presented in the following tables, based on the length of time individual securities have been in an unrealized loss position.  

11 

     Table of Contents  

The unrealized losses on obligations of political subdivisions were caused by changes in market interest rates or the widening of market spreads subsequent to the initial purchase of these securities. Management monitors the published credit ratings of these securities for material rating or outlook changes.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   93%   of these securities were rated A3/A- or higher by rating agencies. Substantially all of the Company's obligations of states and political subdivisions are general obligation issuances.  All of the available for sale residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations portfolio in an unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   are issued or guaranteed by government sponsored enterprises. The unrealized losses on residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations were caused by changes in market interest rates or the widening of market spreads subsequent to the initial purchase of these securities, and not concerns regarding the underlying credit of the issuers or the underlying collateral. It is expected that these securities will be settled at a price at least equal to the amortized cost of each investment.  
    
  Because the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates or widening market spreads and not credit quality, and because the Bank does not intend to sell the securities and it is not likely that the Bank will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may include holding each security until contractual maturity, these investments are not considered other-than-temporarily impaired.  
    
  The following table presents the maturities of investment securities at   September 30, 2016  :  

The amortized cost and fair value of collateralized mortgage obligations and mortgage-backed securities are presented by expected average life, rather than contractual maturity, in the preceding table. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay underlying loans without prepayment penalties.  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the gross realized gains and losses on the sale of securities available for sale for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

The following table presents, as of   September 30, 2016  , investment securities which were pledged to secure borrowings, public deposits, and repurchase agreements as permitted or required by law:  

13 

Table of Contents  

Note 3       Loans and Leases       
    
  The following table presents the major types of loans and leases, net of deferred fees and costs, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

The loan balances are net of deferred fees and costs of   $66.8 million   and   $47.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Net loans also include discounts on acquired loans of   $52.9 million   and   $105.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  , loans totaling   $10.3 billion   were pledged to secure borrowings and available lines of credit. 
    
  The outstanding contractual unpaid principal balance of purchased impaired loans, excluding acquisition accounting adjustments, was   $413.1 million   and   $540.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The carrying balance of purchased impaired loans was   $301.3 million   and   $438.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  

14 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the changes in the accretable yield for purchased impaired loans for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Loans and leases sold  
    
  In the course of managing the loan and lease portfolio, at certain times, management may decide to sell loans and leases.  The following table summarizes the carrying value of loans and leases sold by major loan type during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

Note 4       Allowance for Loan and Lease Loss and Credit Quality  
    
  The Bank's methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the Allowance for Loan and Lease Loss ("ALLL") consists of three key elements: 1) the formula allowance; 2) the specific allowance; and 3) the unallocated allowance. By incorporating these factors into a single allowance requirement analysis, we believe all risk-based activities within the loan and lease portfolios are simultaneously considered.  
    
  Formula Allowance  
  When loans and leases are originated or acquired, they are assigned a risk rating that is reassessed periodically during the term of the loan or lease through the credit review process.  The Bank's risk rating methodology assigns risk ratings ranging from 1  
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

to 10, where a higher rating represents higher risk. The 10 risk rating categories are a primary factor in determining an appropriate amount for the formula allowance.  
    
  The formula allowance is calculated by applying risk factors to various segments of pools of outstanding loans and leases. Risk factors are assigned to each portfolio segment based on management's evaluation of the losses inherent within each segment. Segments with greater risk of loss will therefore be assigned a higher risk factor.  
    
  Base risk       The portfolio is segmented into loan categories, and these categories are assigned a Base risk factor based on an evaluation of the loss inherent within each segment.  
    
  Extra risk   Additional risk factors provide for an additional allocation of ALLL based on the loan and lease risk rating system and loan delinquency, and reflect the increased level of inherent losses associated with more adversely classified loans and leases.  
    
  Risk factors may be changed periodically based on management's evaluation of the following factors: loss experience; changes in the level of non-performing loans and leases; regulatory exam results; changes in the level of adversely classified loans and leases; improvement or deterioration in local economic conditions; and any other factors deemed relevant. 
    
  Specific Allowance  
  Regular credit reviews of the portfolio identify loans that are considered potentially impaired. Potentially impaired loans are referred to the ALLL Committee which reviews and approves designated loans as impaired. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, we determine that we will probably not be able to collect all amounts due according to the loan contract, including scheduled interest payments. When we identify a loan as impaired, we measure the impairment using discounted cash flows or estimated note sale price, except when the sole remaining source of the repayment for the loan is the liquidation of the collateral. In these cases, we use the current fair value of the collateral, less selling costs, instead of discounted cash flows. If we determine that the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, we either recognize an impairment reserve as a specific allowance to be provided for in the allowance for loan and lease losses or charge-off the impaired balance on collateral-dependent loans if it is determined that such amount represents a confirmed loss.  Loans determined to be impaired are excluded from the formula allowance so as not to double-count the loss exposure.  
    
  The combination of the formula allowance component and the specific allowance component represents the allocated allowance for loan and lease losses. There is currently no unallocated allowance. 
    
  Management believes that the ALLL was adequate as of   September 30, 2016  . There is, however, no assurance that future loan and lease losses will not exceed the levels provided for in the ALLL and could possibly result in additional charges to the provision for loan and lease losses.  
    
  The reserve for unfunded commitments ("RUC") is established to absorb inherent losses associated with our commitment to lend funds, such as with a letter or line of credit. The adequacy of the ALLL and RUC are monitored on a regular basis and are based on management's evaluation of numerous factors. These factors include the quality of the current loan portfolio; the trend in the loan portfolio's risk ratings; current economic conditions; loan concentrations; loan growth rates; past-due and non-performing trends; evaluation of specific loss estimates for all significant problem loans; historical charge-off and recovery experience; and other pertinent information. 
    
  There have been no significant changes to the Bank's ALLL methodology or policies in the periods presented.  

16 

     Table of Contents  

Activity in the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses  
    
  The following table summarizes activity related to the allowance for loan and lease losses by loan and lease portfolio segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

The valuation allowance on purchased impaired loans was increased by provision expense, which includes amounts related to subsequent deterioration of purchased impaired loans of   $1.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , and   $279,000   and   $1.9 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. There was   no   provision expense that related to subsequent deterioration of purchased impaired loans recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The increase due to the provision expense of the valuation allowance on purchased impaired loans was offset by recaptured provision of   $55,000   and   $902,000   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $2.2 million   and   $2.4 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  

17 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the allowance and recorded investment in loans and leases by portfolio segment as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

The loan and lease balances are net of deferred fees and costs of   $66.8 million   and   $42.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.   
    
  Summary of Reserve for Unfunded Commitments Activity  
    
  The following table presents a summary of activity in the RUC and unfunded commitments for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

18 

     Table of Contents  

Asset Quality and Non-Performing Loans and Leases 
    
  We manage asset quality and control credit risk through diversification of the loan and lease portfolio and the application of policies designed to promote sound underwriting and loan and lease monitoring practices. The Bank's Credit Quality Administration is charged with monitoring asset quality, establishing credit policies and procedures and enforcing the consistent application of these policies and procedures across the Bank.  Reviews of non-performing, past due loans and leases and larger credits, designed to identify potential charges to the allowance for loan and lease losses, and to determine the adequacy of the allowance, are conducted on an ongoing basis. These reviews consider such factors as the financial strength of borrowers, the value of the applicable collateral, loan and lease loss experience, estimated loan and lease losses, growth in the loan and lease portfolio, prevailing economic conditions and other factors.  
    
  Non-Accrual Loans and Leases and Loans and Leases Past Due       
    
  The following table summarizes our non-accrual loans and leases and loans and leases past due, by loan and lease class, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

(1) Other includes purchased credit impaired loans of   $301.3 million  . 
  (2) Includes government guaranteed GNMA mortgage loans that Umpqua has the right but not the obligation to repurchase that are past due 90 days or more, totaling $  7.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

(1) Other includes purchased credit impaired loans of   $438.1 million  . 
  (2)  Includes government guaranteed GNMA mortgage loans that Umpqua has the right but not the obligation to repurchase that are past due 90 days or more, totaling $  19.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Impaired Loans  
    
  Impaired loans with no related allowance reported generally represent non-accrual loans. The Bank recognizes the charge-off on impaired loans in the period it arises for collateral-dependent loans.  Therefore, the non-accrual loans as of   September 30, 2016   have already been written down to their estimated net realizable value and are expected to be resolved with no additional material loss, absent further decline in market prices.  The valuation allowance on impaired loans primarily represents the impairment reserves on performing restructured loans, and is measured by comparing the present value of expected future cash flows on the restructured loans discounted at the interest rate of the original loan agreement to the loan's carrying value.  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our impaired loans by loan class as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

21 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our average recorded investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans by loan class for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

The impaired loans for which these interest income amounts were recognized primarily relate to accruing restructured loans.  

22 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Quality Indicators  
    
  As previously noted, the Bank's risk rating methodology assigns risk ratings ranging from 1 to 10, where a higher rating represents higher risk.  The Bank differentiates its lending portfolios into homogeneous loans and leases and non-homogeneous loans and leases. The 10 risk rating categories can be generally described by the following groupings for non-homogeneous loans and leases:  
    
  Minimal Risk   A minimal risk loan or lease, risk rated   1  , is to a borrower of the highest quality. The borrower has an unquestioned ability to produce consistent profits and service all obligations and can absorb severe market disturbances with little or no difficulty.  
    
  Low Risk   A low risk loan or lease, risk rated   2  , is similar in characteristics to a minimal risk loan.  Margins may be smaller or protective elements may be subject to greater fluctuation. The borrower will have a strong demonstrated ability to produce profits, provide ample debt service coverage and to absorb market disturbances.  
    
  Modest Risk   A modest risk loan or lease, risk rated   3  , is a desirable loan or lease with excellent sources of repayment and no currently identifiable risk associated with collection. The borrower exhibits a very strong capacity to repay the credit in accordance with the repayment agreement. The borrower may be susceptible to economic cycles, but will have reserves to weather these cycles.  
    
  Average Risk   An average risk loan or lease, risk rated   4  , is an attractive loan or lease with sound sources of repayment and no material collection or repayment weakness evident. The borrower has an acceptable capacity to pay in accordance with the agreement. The borrower is susceptible to economic cycles and more efficient competition, but should have modest reserves sufficient to survive all but the most severe downturns or major setbacks.  
    
  Acceptable Risk   An acceptable risk loan or lease, risk rated   5  , is a loan or lease with lower than average, but still acceptable credit risk. These borrowers may have higher leverage, less certain but viable repayment sources, have limited financial reserves and may possess weaknesses that can be adequately mitigated through collateral, structural or credit enhancement. The borrower is susceptible to economic cycles and is less resilient to negative market forces or financial events. Reserves may be insufficient to survive a modest downturn.  
    
  Watch   A watch loan or lease, risk rated   6  , is still pass-rated, but represents the lowest level of acceptable risk due to an emerging risk element or declining performance trend. Watch ratings are expected to be temporary, with issues resolved or manifested to the extent that a higher or lower rating would be appropriate. The borrower should have a plausible plan, with reasonable certainty of success, to correct the problems in a short period of time.  
    
  Special Mention   A special mention loan or lease, risk rated   7  , has potential weaknesses that deserve management's close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or the institution's credit position at some future date. They contain unfavorable characteristics and are generally undesirable. Loans and leases in this category are currently protected but are potentially weak and constitute an undue and unwarranted credit risk, but not to the point of a substandard classification. A special mention loan or lease has potential weaknesses, which if not checked or corrected, weaken the asset or inadequately protect the Bank's position at some future date.  
    
  Substandard   A substandard asset, risk rated   8  , is inadequately protected by the current worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loss potential, while existing in the aggregate amount of substandard assets, does not have to exist in individual assets classified substandard. Loans and leases are classified as substandard when they have unsatisfactory characteristics causing unacceptable levels of risk. A substandard loan or lease normally has one or more well-defined weaknesses that could jeopardize repayment of the debt. The likely need to liquidate assets to correct the problem, rather than repayment from successful operations is the key distinction between special mention and substandard.  
    
  Doubtful   Loans or leases classified as doubtful, risk rated   9  , have all the weaknesses inherent in one classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. The possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of certain important and reasonably specific pending factors, which may work towards strengthening of the asset, classification as a loss (and immediate charge-off) is deferred until more exact status may be determined. Pending factors include proposed merger, acquisition, liquidation procedures, capital injection, and perfection of liens on additional collateral and refinancing plans. In certain circumstances, a doubtful rating will be temporary, while the Bank is awaiting an updated collateral valuation. In these  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

cases, once the collateral is valued and appropriate margin applied, the remaining un-collateralized portion will be charged-off. The remaining balance, properly margined, may then be upgraded to substandard, however must remain on non-accrual.  
    
  Loss   Loans or leases classified as loss, risk rated   10  , are considered un-collectible and of such little value that the continuance as an active Bank asset is not warranted. This rating does not mean that the loan or lease has no recovery or salvage value, but rather that the loan or lease should be charged-off now, even though partial or full recovery may be possible in the future.  
    
  Impaired   Loans are classified as impaired     when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Bank will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and interest when due, in accordance with the terms of the original loan agreement, without unreasonable delay. This generally includes all loans classified as non-accrual and troubled debt restructurings. Impaired loans are risk rated for internal and regulatory rating purposes, but presented separately for clarification.  
    
  Homogeneous loans and leases are not risk rated until they are greater than   30   days past due, and risk rating is based on the past due status of the loan or lease.  The risk rating categories can be generally described by the following groupings for commercial and commercial real estate homogeneous loans and leases:  
    
  Special Mention   A homogeneous special mention loan or lease, risk rated   7  , is greater than   30   to   59   days past due from the required payment date at month-end.  
    
  Substandard   A homogeneous substandard loan or lease, risk rated   8  , is   60   to   89   days past due from the required payment date at month-end.  
    
  Doubtful   A homogeneous doubtful loan or lease, risk rated   9  , is   90   to   179   days past due from the required payment date at month-end.  
    
  Loss   A homogeneous loss loan or lease, risk rated   10  , is   180   days and more past due from the required payment date. These loans are generally charged-off in the month in which the 180 day time period elapses.  
    
  The risk rating categories can be generally described by the following groupings for residential and consumer and other homogeneous loans:  
    
  Special Mention   A homogeneous retail special mention loan, risk rated   7  , is greater than   30   to   89   days past due from the required payment date at month-end.  
    
  Substandard   A homogeneous retail substandard loan, risk rated   8  , is an open-end loan   90   to   180   days past due from the required payment date at month-end or a closed-end loan   90   to   120   days past due from the required payment date at month-end.  
    
  Loss   A homogeneous retail loss loan, risk rated   10  , is a closed-end loan that becomes past due   120   cumulative days or an open-end retail loan that becomes past due   180   cumulative days from the contractual due date.   These loans are generally charged-off in the month in which the   120   or   180   day period elapses.  

24 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes our internal risk rating by loan and lease class for the loan and lease portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

(1) The percentage of impaired loans classified as pass/watch, special mention and substandard was   6.9%  ,   6.1%   and   87.0%  , respectively, as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  (2) Includes government guaranteed GNMA mortgage loans that Umpqua has the right but not the obligation to repurchase that are past due 90 days or more, totaling $  7.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  , which is included in the substandard category. 

(1) The percentage of impaired loans classified as pass/watch, special mention and substandard was   5.0%  ,   4.6%  , and   90.4%  , respectively, as of December 31, 2015. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

(2)  Includes government guaranteed GNMA mortgage loans that Umpqua has the right but not the obligation to repurchase that are past due 90 days or more, totaling $  19.2 million   at December 31, 2015, which is included in the substandard category. 
    
  Troubled Debt Restructurings  
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , impaired loans of   $36.6 million   and   $31.4 million  , respectively, were classified as accruing restructured loans. The restructurings were granted in response to borrower financial difficulty, and generally provide for a temporary modification of loan repayment terms. In order for a restructured loan to be considered for accrual status, the loan's collateral coverage generally will be greater than or equal to   100%   of the loan balance, the loan is current on payments, and the borrower must either prefund an interest reserve or demonstrate the ability to make payments from a verified source of cash flow. Impaired restructured loans carry a specific allowance and the allowance on impaired restructured loans is calculated consistently across the portfolios.  
    
  There were   no   available commitments for troubled debt restructurings outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  The following tables present troubled debt restructurings by accrual versus non-accrual status and by loan class as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

The Bank's policy is that loans placed on non-accrual will typically remain on non-accrual status until all principal and interest payments are brought current and the prospect for future payment in accordance with the loan agreement appears relatively certain.  The Bank's policy generally refers to six months of payment performance as sufficient to warrant a return to accrual status. 

26 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents newly restructured loans that occurred during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

For the periods presented in the tables above, the outstanding recorded investment was the same pre and post modification. There were   $77,000   and   $304,000   in financing receivables modified as troubled debt restructurings within the previous   12 months   for which there was a payment default during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $434,000   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 

27 

Table of Contents  

Note 5 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  The following tables summarize the changes in the Company's goodwill and other intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . Goodwill and all other intangible assets are related to the Community Banking segment. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the total acquisition price paid over the fair value of the assets acquired, net of the fair values of liabilities assumed. The reduction to goodwill of   $142,000   relates to a goodwill impairment loss recognized during the first quarter related to a small subsidiary that is winding down operations.  The additions to goodwill in 2015 of   $1.6 million   related to correcting immaterial errors in acquisition accounting adjustments.  

Core deposit intangible assets values were determined by an analysis of the cost differential between the core deposits inclusive of estimated servicing costs and alternative funding sources for core deposits acquired through acquisitions.  The core deposit intangible assets are amortized on an accelerated basis over a period of approximately   10 years  . 
    
  The Company conducts its annual evaluation of goodwill for impairment as of its year end of December 31. Goodwill and other intangibles are required to be analyzed for impairment if certain triggering events occur.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , management determined that no triggering events occurred that required an impairment analysis.  The table below presents the forecasted amortization expense for other intangible assets acquired in all mergers: 

28 

Table of Contents  

Note 6       Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights  
    
  The following table presents the changes in the Company's residential mortgage servicing rights ("MSR"), which are carried at fair value, for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

(1) 
    Principally reflects changes in discount rates and prepayment speed assumptions, which are primarily affected by changes in interest rates.  
              (2) 
    Represents changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows over time.  
       
  Information related to our serviced loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows:  

The amount of contractually specified servicing fees, late fees and ancillary fees earned, recorded in residential mortgage banking revenue, was   $9.4 million   and   $25.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to   $7.2 million   and   $20.5 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of the MSR as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are as follows:  

A sensitivity analysis of the current fair value to changes in discount and prepayment speed assumptions as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

The sensitivity analysis presents the hypothetical effect on fair value of the MSR. The effect of such hypothetical change in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in an assumption to the change in fair value is not linear. Additionally, in the analysis, the impact of an adverse change in one assumption is calculated independent of any impact on other assumptions. In reality, changes in one assumption may change another assumption. 
  
   29 

Table of Contents  

Note 7       Junior Subordinated Debentures  
    
  Following is information about the Company's wholly-owned trusts ("Trusts") as of   September 30, 2016  :        

30 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Includes acquisition accounting adjustments, net of accumulated amortization, for junior subordinated debentures assumed in connection with previous mergers as well as fair value adjustments related to trusts recorded at fair value.  
              (2) 
    Contractual interest rate of junior subordinated debentures.  
        
  The Trusts are reflected as junior subordinated debentures in the   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  .  The common stock issued by the Trusts is recorded in other assets in the   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  , and totaled   $14.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  , all of the junior subordinated debentures were redeemable at par, at their applicable quarterly or semiannual interest payment dates. 
    
  The Company selected the fair value measurement option for junior subordinated debentures originally issued by the Company (the Umpqua Statutory Trusts) and for junior subordinated debentures acquired from Sterling. Refer to Note 14 for discussion of the rationale for election of fair value and the approach used to fair value the selected junior subordinated debentures. 
    
  Absent changes to the significant inputs utilized in the discounted cash flow model used to measure the fair value of these instruments, the discounts will reverse over time in a manner similar to the effective interest rate method as if these instruments were accounted for under the amortized cost method.  Losses recorded resulting from the change in the fair value of these instruments were   $1.6 million   and   $4.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $1.6 million   and   $4.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

Note 8   Commitments and Contingencies  
    
  Lease Commitments     As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank leased   265   sites under non-cancelable operating leases. The leases contain various provisions for increases in rental rates, based either on changes in the published Consumer Price Index or a predetermined escalation schedule. Substantially all of the leases provide the Company with the option to extend the lease term one or more times following expiration of the initial term.  
    
  Rent expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $9.8 million   and   $29.0 million   and for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was   $9.6 million   and   $28.6 million  .  Rent expense was partially offset by rent income of   $508,000   and   $1.5 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $510,000   and   $1.1 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk     The Company's financial statements do not reflect various commitments and contingent liabilities that arise in the normal course of the Bank's business and involve elements of credit, liquidity, and interest rate risk.   
    
  The following table presents a summary of the Bank's commitments and contingent liabilities:   

The Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet credit risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and financial guarantees. Those instruments involve elements of credit and interest-rate risk similar to the risk involved in on-balance sheet items recognized in the   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  . The contract or notional amounts of those instruments reflect the extent of the Bank's involvement in particular classes of financial instruments.  
    
  The Bank's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit, and financial guarantees written, is represented by the contractual notional amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments.  
    
  Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any covenant or condition established in the applicable contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination  
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. While most standby letters of credit are not utilized, a significant portion of such utilization is on an immediate payment basis. The Bank evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if it is deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the counterparty. Collateral varies but may include cash, accounts receivable, inventory, premises and equipment and income-producing commercial properties.   
    
  Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees written are conditional commitments issued by the Bank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including international trade finance, commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Bank holds cash, marketable securities, or real estate as collateral supporting those commitments for which collateral is deemed necessary.  The Bank was not required to perform on any financial guarantees during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  .  At   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $46.9 million   of standby letters of credit expire within one year, and   $19.0 million   expire thereafter. Upon issuance, the Bank recognizes a liability equivalent to the amount of fees received from the customer for these standby letter of credit commitments. Fees are recognized ratably over the term of the standby letter of credit. During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Bank recognized approximately   $235,000   and   $608,000   in fees associated with standby letters of credit.  
    
  Residential mortgage loans sold into the secondary market are sold with limited recourse against the Company, meaning that the Company may be obligated to repurchase or otherwise reimburse the investor for incurred losses on any loans that suffer an early payment default, are not underwritten in accordance with investor guidelines or are determined to have pre-closing borrower misrepresentations. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had a residential mortgage loan repurchase reserve liability of   $1.9 million  . 
    
  Legal Proceedings   In the ordinary course of business, various claims and lawsuits are brought by and against the Company and its subsidiaries, including the Bank and Umpqua Investments. In the opinion of management, there is no pending or threatened proceeding that management believes is probable to have an adverse decision and that would result in a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition or results of operations.  
    
  Contingencies   In March 2016, the Company announced a plan to consolidate   26   store locations during 2016.  Consolidations     of these stores took place in the second and third quarters of 2016. 
    
  Concentrations of Credit Risk    The Bank grants real estate mortgage, real estate construction, commercial, agricultural and installment loans and leases to customers throughout Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho, and Nevada. In management's judgment, a concentration exists in real estate-related loans, which represented approximately   76%   of the Bank's loan and lease portfolio at   September 30, 2016   and   78%   at   December 31, 2015  .  Commercial real estate concentrations are managed to assure wide geographic and business diversity. Although management believes such concentrations have no more than the normal risk of collectability, a substantial decline in the economy in general, material increases in interest rates, changes in tax policies, tightening credit or refinancing markets, or a decline in real estate values in the Bank's primary market areas in particular, could have an adverse impact on the repayment of these loans.  Personal and business incomes, proceeds from the sale of real property, or proceeds from refinancing, represent the primary sources of repayment for a majority of these loans.  
    
  The Bank recognizes the credit risks inherent in dealing with other depository institutions. Accordingly, to prevent excessive exposure to any single correspondent, the Bank has established general standards for selecting correspondent banks as well as internal limits for allowable exposure to any single correspondent. In addition, the Bank has an investment policy that sets forth limitations that apply to all investments with respect to credit rating and concentrations with an issuer. 

Note 9       Derivatives  
    
  The Bank may use derivatives to hedge the risk of changes in the fair values of interest rate lock commitments and residential mortgage loans held for sale. None of the Company's derivatives are designated as hedging instruments.  Rather, they are accounted for as free-standing derivatives, or economic hedges, with changes in the fair value of the derivatives reported in income. The Company primarily utilizes forward interest rate contracts in its derivative risk management strategy.  
    
  The Bank enters into forward delivery contracts to sell residential mortgage loans or mortgage-backed securities to broker/dealers at specific prices and dates in order to hedge the interest rate risk in its portfolio of mortgage loans held for sale and its residential mortgage loan commitments.  Credit risk associated with forward contracts is limited to the replacement cost of those forward contracts in a gain position.  There were   no   counterparty default losses on forward contracts in the   three and nine    
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Market risk with respect to forward contracts arises principally from changes in the value of contractual positions due to changes in interest rates. The Bank limits its exposure to market risk by monitoring differences between commitments to customers and forward contracts with broker/dealers. In the event the Company has forward delivery contract commitments in excess of available mortgage loans, the Company completes the transaction by either paying or receiving a fee to or from the broker/dealer equal to the increase or decrease in the market value of the forward contract. At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had commitments to originate mortgage loans held for sale totaling   $665.4 million   and forward sales commitments of   $862.0 million  , which are used to hedge both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures.  
    
  The Bank executes interest rate swaps with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies.  Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting the interest rate swaps that the Bank executes with a third party, such that the Bank minimizes its net risk exposure. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had   466   interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of   $2.2 billion   related to this program.  As of   December 31, 2015  , the Bank had   381   interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of   $1.9 billion   related to this program. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the termination value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was   $80.6 million   and   $40.2 million  , respectively.  The Bank has collateral posting requirements for initial or variation margins with its clearing members and clearing houses and has been required to post collateral against its obligations under these agreements of   $107.2 million   and   $58.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
    
  The Bank incorporates credit valuation adjustments ("CVA") to appropriately reflect nonperformance risk in the fair value measurement of its derivatives.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the net CVA decreased the settlement values of the Bank's net derivative assets by   $4.9 million  .  
    
  The Bank also executes foreign currency hedges as a service for customers.  These foreign currency hedges are then offset with hedges with other third-party banks to limit the Bank's risk exposure. 
    
  The following tables summarize the types of derivatives, separately by assets and liabilities, and the fair values of such derivatives as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :   

The fair values of the derivatives are recorded in other assets and other liabilities. The following table summarizes the types of derivatives and the gains (losses) recorded during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :   

The gains and losses on the Company's mortgage banking derivatives are included in mortgage banking revenue. The gains and losses on the Company's interest rate swaps and foreign currency derivative are included in other income. 

33 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the derivatives that have a right of offset as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

34 

Table of Contents  

Note 10       Shareholders' Equity and Stock Compensation  
    
  The Company has a share repurchase plan, which allows the Company to repurchase shares from time to time subject to a maximum number of shares over the life of the plan.  In February 2016, the Company repurchased   235,000   shares for a total of   $3.5 million  .  In July 2016, the Company repurchased an additional   325,000   shares for a total of   $5.0 million  . 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation  
    
  The compensation cost related to stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units granted to employees and included in salaries and employee benefits was   $2.0 million   and   $6.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $3.1 million   and   $10.7 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The total income tax benefit recognized related to stock-based compensation was   $774,000   and   $2.6 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $1.2 million   and   $3.9 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   
    
  The following table summarizes information about stock option activity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  :  

The total intrinsic value (which is the amount by which the stock price exceeded the exercise price on the date of exercise) of options exercised during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $81,000   and   $259,000  , respectively, as compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   of   $47,000   and   $512,000  , respectively.   
    
  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options was   $365,000   and   $432,000  , respectively, as compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   of   $16   and   $195,000  , respectively.  Total consideration was   $322,000   and   $1.1 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   of   $117,000   and   $877,000  , respectively. 
    
  The Company grants restricted stock periodically for the benefit of employees and directors. Restricted shares generally vest over a three year period, subject to time or time plus performance vesting conditions.  The following table summarizes information about nonvested restricted share activity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  :   

The total fair value of restricted shares vested and released during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $331,000   and   $11.6 million  , respectively, as compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   of   $1.6 million   and   $8.3 million  , respectively.  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

The Company granted restricted stock units in connection with the acquisition of Sterling as replacement awards. Restricted stock unit grants may be subject to performance-based vesting as well as other approved vesting conditions.  The total number of restricted stock units granted represents the maximum number of restricted stock units eligible to vest based upon the performance and service conditions set forth in the grant agreements. 
    
  The following table summarizes information about nonvested restricted stock unit activity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  :   

The total fair value of restricted stock units vested and released during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $65,000   and   $2.2 million  , respectively, as compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   of   $430,000   and   $4.4 million  , respectively.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $54,000   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.00   years.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $9.0 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock awards which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.64   years. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $2.0 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock units which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.19   years, assuming expected performance conditions are met.  
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company received income tax benefits of   $185,000   and   $5.4 million  , respectively, as compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   of   $700,000   and   $5.1 million  , respectively, related to the exercise of non-qualified employee stock options, disqualifying dispositions on the exercise of incentive stock options, the vesting of restricted shares and the vesting of restricted stock units. In the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company did not record a tax deficiency or benefit as a component of equity due to the application of ASU 2016-09. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company had   $544,000   of net excess tax benefit (tax benefit resulting from tax deductions greater than the compensation cost recognized).  The tax deficiency or benefit is now recorded as income tax expense or benefit in the period the shares are vested. 

Note 11       Income Taxes  
    
  The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, as well as in the majority of states and in Canada.  The Company believes it is more likely than not that it will be able to fully realize the benefit of its federal net operating loss ("NOL") carry-forwards.  The Company also believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain state NOL and tax credit carry-forwards will not be realized and therefore has provided a valuation allowance of   $1.1 million   against the deferred tax assets relating to these NOL and tax credit carry-forwards.  
    
  The Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of   $3.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  If recognized, the unrecognized tax benefit would reduce the   2016   annual effective tax rate by   0.8%  .  During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company reversed   $135,000   and   $92,000   of interest relating to its liability for unrecognized tax benefits.  Interest on unrecognized tax benefits is reported by the Company as a component of tax expense.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits was   $336,000  . 

Note 12       Earnings Per Common Share       
    
  Nonvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method.  The two-class method is  
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common stock and participating security according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Certain of the Company's nonvested restricted stock awards qualify as participating securities.  
    
  Net earnings is allocated between the common stock and participating securities pursuant to the two-class method.    Basic earnings per common share   is computed by dividing net earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period, excluding participating nonvested restricted shares.  
    
  Diluted earnings per common share   is computed in a similar manner, except that first the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive common shares, excluding the participating securities, were issued using the treasury stock method. For all periods presented, stock options, certain restricted stock awards and restricted stock units are the only potentially dilutive non-participating instruments issued by the Company.  Next, we determine and include in diluted earnings per common share calculation the more dilutive effect of the participating securities using the treasury stock method or the two-class method. Undistributed losses are not allocated to the nonvested share-based payment awards (the participating securities) under the two-class method as the holders are not contractually obligated to share in the losses of the Company.  
    
  The following is a computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

(1) 
    Represents dividends paid and undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested restricted stock awards.  
              (2) 
    Represents the effect of the assumed exercise of stock options, vesting of non-participating restricted shares, and vesting of restricted stock units, based on the treasury stock method.  
       
  The following table presents the weighted average outstanding securities that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per common share because their effect would be anti-dilutive for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

37 

Table of Contents  

Note 13       Segment Information  
    
  The Company operates   two   primary segments: Community Banking and Home Lending. The Community Banking segment's principal business focus is the offering of loan and deposit products to business and retail customers in its primary market areas. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Community Banking segment operated   349   locations throughout Oregon, Washington, California, Idaho, and Nevada.     
    
  The Home Lending segment, which operates as a division of the Bank, originates, sells and services residential mortgage loans. Summarized financial information concerning the Company's reportable segments and the reconciliation to the consolidated financial results is shown in the following tables:  

38 

     Table of Contents  

39 

Table of Contents  

Note 14       Fair Value Measurement  
    
  The following table presents estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , whether or not recognized or recorded at fair value in the   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  :   

40 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis  
    
  The following tables present information about the Company's assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

41 

     Table of Contents  

The following methods were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument in the tables above:  
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents    For short-term instruments, including noninterest bearing cash and interest bearing cash, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value.  
    
  Securities    Fair values for investment securities are based on quoted market prices when available or through the use of alternative approaches, such as matrix or model pricing, or broker indicative bids, when market quotes are not readily accessible or available. Management periodically reviews the pricing information received from the third-party pricing service and compares it to a secondary pricing service, evaluating significant price variances between services to determine an appropriate estimate of fair value to report.  
    
  Loans Held for Sale    Fair value for residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale is determined based on quoted secondary market prices for similar loans, including the implicit fair value of embedded servicing rights. For loans not originated as held for sale, these loans are accounted for at lower of cost or market, with the fair value estimated based on the expected sales price. 
    
  Loans and Leases    Fair values are estimated for portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics. Loans are segregated by type, including commercial, real estate and consumer loans. Each loan category is further segregated by fixed and adjustable rate loans. The fair value of loans is calculated by discounting expected cash flows at rates which similar loans are currently being made. These amounts are discounted further by embedded probable losses expected to be realized in the portfolio. 
    
  Restricted Equity Securities    The carrying value of restricted equity securities approximates fair value as the shares can only be redeemed by the issuing institution at par.  
    
  Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights    The fair value of mortgage servicing rights is estimated using a discounted cash flow model.  Assumptions used include market discount rates, anticipated prepayment speeds, delinquency and foreclosure rates, and  
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

ancillary fee income net of servicing costs. This model is periodically validated by an independent external model validation group. The model assumptions and the MSR fair value estimates are also compared to observable trades of similar portfolios as well as to MSR broker valuations and industry surveys, as available. Management believes the significant inputs utilized are indicative of those that would be used by market participants.  
    
  Bank Owned Life Insurance Assets    Fair values of insurance policies owned are based on the insurance contract's cash surrender value.  
    
  Visa Inc. Class B Common Stock    The fair value of Visa Class B common stock is estimated by applying a   5%   discount to the value of the unredeemed Class A equivalent shares.  The discount primarily represents the risk related to the further potential reduction of the conversion ratio between Class B and Class A shares and a liquidity risk premium.  
    
  Deposits    The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as non-interest bearing deposits, savings and interest checking accounts, and money market accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value of certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities.  
    
  Securities Sold under Agreements to Repurchase    For short-term instruments, including securities sold under agreements to repurchase and federal funds purchased, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value.  
    
  Term Debt    The fair value of term notes is calculated based on the discounted value of the contractual cash flows using current rates at which such borrowings can currently be obtained.  
    
  Junior Subordinated Debentures    The fair value of junior subordinated debentures is estimated using an income approach valuation technique.  The significant inputs utilized in the estimation of fair value of these instruments are the credit risk adjusted spread and three month LIBOR.  The credit risk adjusted spread represents the nonperformance risk of the liability, contemplating the inherent risk of the obligation. The Company periodically utilizes an external valuation firm to determine or validate the reasonableness of inputs and factors that are used to determine the fair value.  The ending carrying (fair) value of the junior subordinated debentures measured at fair value represents the estimated amount that would be paid to transfer these liabilities in an orderly transaction amongst market participants.  Due to credit concerns in the capital markets and inactivity in the trust preferred markets that have limited the observability of market spreads, we have classified this as a Level 3 fair value measure.   
    
  Derivative Instruments    The fair value of the interest rate lock commitments and forward sales commitments are estimated using quoted or published market prices for similar instruments, adjusted for factors such as pull-through rate assumptions based on historical information, where appropriate.  The pull-through rate assumptions are considered Level 3 valuation inputs and are significant to the interest rate lock commitment valuation; as such, the interest rate lock commitment derivatives are classified as Level 3. The fair value of the interest rate swaps is determined using a discounted cash flow technique incorporating credit valuation adjustments to reflect nonperformance risk in the measurement of fair value. Although the Bank has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its interest rate swap derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the CVA associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Bank has assessed the significance of the impact of the CVA on the overall valuation of its interest rate swap positions and has determined that the CVA are not significant to the overall valuation of its interest rate swap derivatives. As a result, the Bank has classified its interest rate swap derivative valuations in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.    

43 

     Table of Contents  

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)  
    
  The following table provides a description of the valuation technique, significant unobservable inputs, and qualitative information about the unobservable inputs for the Company's assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 and measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016  :  
                     Financial Instrument 
    Valuation Technique 
    Unobservable Input 
    Weighted Average 
      Residential mortgage servicing rights 
    Discounted cash flow 

Constant Prepayment Rate 
    16.42% 

Discount Rate 
    9.71% 
      Interest rate lock commitment 
    Internal Pricing Model 

Pull-through rate 
    84.24% 
      Junior subordinated debentures 
    Discounted cash flow 

Credit Spread 
    5.84% 

Generally, any significant increases in the constant prepayment rate and discount rate utilized in the fair value measurement of the residential mortgage servicing rights will result in negative fair value adjustments (and a decrease in the fair value measurement). Conversely, a decrease in the constant prepayment rate and discount rate will result in a positive fair value adjustment (and increase in the fair value measurement).  
    
  An increase in the pull-through rate utilized in the fair value measurement of the interest rate lock commitment derivative will result in positive fair value adjustments (and an increase in the fair value measurement.) Conversely, a decrease in the pull-through rate will result in a negative fair value adjustment (and a decrease in the fair value measurement.) 
    
  Management believes that the credit risk adjusted spread utilized in the fair value measurement of the junior subordinated debentures carried at fair value is indicative of the nonperformance risk premium a willing market participant would require under current market conditions, that is, the inactive market. Management attributes the change in fair value of the junior subordinated debentures during the period to market changes in the nonperformance expectations and pricing of this type of debt, and not as a result of changes to our entity-specific credit risk. The widening of the credit risk adjusted spread above the Company's contractual spreads has primarily contributed to the positive fair value adjustments.  Future contractions in the credit risk adjusted spread relative to the spread currently utilized to measure the Company's junior subordinated debentures at fair value as of   September 30, 2016  , or the passage of time, will result in negative fair value adjustments.  Generally, an increase in the credit risk adjusted spread and/or a decrease in the three month LIBOR swap curve will result in positive fair value adjustments (and decrease the fair value measurement).  Conversely, a decrease in the credit risk adjusted spread and/or an increase in the three month LIBOR swap curve will result in negative fair value adjustments (and increase the fair value measurement).  

44 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides a reconciliation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) on a recurring basis during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

Changes in residential mortgage servicing rights carried at fair value are recorded in residential mortgage banking revenue within non-interest income. Gains (losses) on interest rate lock commitments carried at fair value are recorded in residential mortgage banking revenue within non-interest income. Gains (losses) on junior subordinated debentures carried at fair value are recorded in non-interest income.  The contractual interest expense on the junior subordinated debentures is recorded on an accrual basis as interest on junior subordinated debentures within interest expense. Settlements related to the junior subordinated debentures represent the payment of accrued interest that is embedded in the fair value of these liabilities.  
    
  Additionally, from time to time, certain assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.  These adjustments to fair value generally result from the application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets due to impairment, typically on collateral dependent loans.  

45 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis    
    
  The following table presents information about the Company's assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for which a nonrecurring change in fair value has been recorded during the reporting period.  The amounts disclosed below represent the fair values at the time the nonrecurring fair value measurements were made, and not necessarily the fair value as of the dates reported upon.  

The following table presents the losses resulting from nonrecurring fair value adjustments for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :   

The following provides a description of the valuation technique and inputs for the Company s assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 and measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Unobservable inputs and qualitative information about the unobservable inputs are not presented as the fair value is determined by third-party information. The loans and leases amount above represents impaired, collateral dependent loans that have been adjusted to fair value.  When we identify a collateral dependent loan as impaired, we measure the impairment using the current fair value of the collateral, less selling costs.  Depending on the characteristics of a loan, the fair value of collateral is generally estimated by obtaining external appraisals.  If we determine that the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, we recognize this impairment and adjust the carrying value of the loan to fair value through the allowance for loan and lease losses.  The loss represents charge-offs or impairments on collateral dependent loans for fair value adjustments based on the fair value of collateral.  
    
  The other real estate owned amount above represents impaired real estate that has been adjusted to fair value.  Other real estate owned represents real estate which the Bank has taken control of in partial or full satisfaction of loans. At the time of foreclosure, other real estate owned is recorded at the lower of the carrying amount of the loan or fair value less costs to sell, which becomes the property's new basis. Any write-downs based on the asset's fair value at the date of acquisition are charged to the allowance for loan and lease losses. After foreclosure, management periodically performs valuations such that the real estate is carried at the lower of its new cost basis or fair value, net of estimated costs to sell. Fair value adjustments on other real estate owned are recognized within net loss on real estate owned. The loss represents impairments on other real estate owned for fair value adjustments based on the fair value of the real estate.  

46 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value Option 
  The following table presents the difference between the aggregate fair value and the aggregate unpaid principal balance of loans held for sale accounted for under the fair value option as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

Residential mortgage loans held for sale accounted for under the fair value option are measured initially at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Gains and losses from such changes in fair value are reported as a component of residential mortgage banking revenue, net in the   Consolidated Statements of Income  . For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded a net decrease in fair value of   $254 thousand   and a net increase of   $13.6 million  , respectively.  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company recorded a net increase in fair value of   $6.0 million   and   $5.7 million  , respectively, representing the change in fair value reflected in earnings. 
    
  There were no     nonaccrual residential mortgage loans held for sale or residential mortgage loans held for sale 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Company selected the fair value measurement option for existing junior subordinated debentures (the Umpqua Statutory Trusts) and for junior subordinated debentures acquired from Sterling. The remaining junior subordinated debentures were acquired through previous business combinations and were measured at fair value at the time of acquisition and subsequently measured at amortized cost.   
    
  Accounting for the selected junior subordinated debentures at fair value enables us to more closely align our financial performance with the economic value of those liabilities. Additionally, we believe it improves our ability to manage the market and interest rate risks associated with the junior subordinated debentures. The junior subordinated debentures measured at fair value and amortized cost are presented as separate line items on the balance sheet. The ending carrying (fair) value of the junior subordinated debentures measured at fair value represents the estimated amount that would be paid to transfer these liabilities in an orderly transaction amongst market participants under current market conditions as of the measurement date. 
    
  Due to inactivity in the junior subordinated debenture market and the lack of observable quotes of our, or similar, junior subordinated debenture liabilities or the related trust preferred securities when traded as assets, we utilize an income approach valuation technique to determine the fair value of these liabilities using our estimation of market discount rate assumptions. The Company monitors activity in the trust preferred and related markets, to the extent available, evaluates changes related to the current and anticipated future interest rate environment, and considers our entity-specific creditworthiness, to validate the reasonableness of the credit risk adjusted spread and effective yield utilized in our discounted cash flow model.  Regarding the activity in and condition of the junior subordinated debt market, we noted no observable changes in the current period as it relates to companies comparable to our size and condition, in either the primary or secondary markets.  Relating to the interest rate environment, we considered the change in slope and shape of the forward LIBOR swap curve in the current period, the effects of which did not result in a significant change in the fair value of these liabilities. 

47 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.         Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    
  Forward-Looking Statements  
    
  This Report contains certain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may include statements that expressly or implicitly predict future results, performance or events. Statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. You can find many of these statements by looking for words such as "anticipates," "expects," "believes," "estimates," "intends" and "forecast," and words or phrases of similar meaning. We make forward-looking statements regarding projected sources of funds; our securities portfolio; loan sales; availability of acquisition and growth opportunities; adequacy of our allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded commitments; provision for loan and lease losses; impaired loans and future losses; performance of troubled debt restructurings; our commercial real estate portfolio, its collectability and subsequent charge-offs; resolution of non-accrual loans; litigation; Pivotus Ventures, Inc.; junior subordinated debentures; and store consolidations.  Forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include those set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and the following factors that might cause actual results to differ materially from those presented:  
             
    our ability to attract new deposits and loans and leases;  
                
    demand for financial services in our market areas;  
                
    competitive market pricing factors;  
                
    our ability to effectively develop and implement new technology; 
                
    deterioration in economic conditions that could result in increased loan and lease losses;  
                
    risks associated with concentrations in real estate related loans;  
                
    market interest rate volatility and prolonged low interest rate environments;  
                
    compression of our net interest margin;  
                
    stability of funding sources and continued availability of borrowings;  
                
    changes in legal or regulatory requirements;  
                
    the results of regulatory examinations;  
                
    our ability to recruit and retain key management and staff;  
                
    availability of, and competition for, acquisition opportunities;  
                
    risks associated with merger and acquisition integration;  
                
    significant decline in the market value of the Company that could result in an impairment of goodwill;  
                
    our ability to raise capital or incur debt on reasonable terms;  
                
    regulatory limits on the Bank's ability to pay dividends to the Company;  
                
    the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act  on the Company's business operations, including the impact of provisions and regulations related to FDIC deposit insurance, interchange fees, stress testing and executive compensation; 
                
    competition, including from financial technology companies. 
     There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We do not intend to update these forward-looking statements. Readers should consider any forward-looking statements in light of this explanation, and we caution readers about relying on forward-looking statements. 

48 

Table of Contents  

General  
  Umpqua Holdings Corporation, an Oregon corporation, is a financial holding company with two principal operating subsidiaries, Umpqua Bank and Umpqua Investments, Inc.    
    
  With headquarters located in Roseburg, Oregon, the Bank is considered one of the most innovative community banks in the United States, recognized nationally and internationally for its unique company culture and customer experience strategy, which differentiate the Company from its competition.  The Bank provides a wide range of banking, wealth management, mortgage and other financial services to corporate, institutional and individual customers, and also has a wholly-owned subsidiary, Financial Pacific Leasing, Inc., a commercial equipment leasing company. 
    
  Umpqua Investments is a registered broker-dealer and registered investment advisor with offices in Oregon, Washington, and California, and also offers products and services through Umpqua Bank stores. The firm is one of the oldest investment companies in the Northwest and is actively engaged in the communities it serves. Umpqua Investments offers a full range of investment products and services including: stocks, fixed income securities (municipal, corporate, and government bonds, CDs, and money market instruments), mutual funds, options, retirement planning, advisory account services, goals based planning, insurance and annuities.  
    
  In 2015, we formed Pivotus Ventures, Inc. as a subsidiary of Umpqua Holdings Corporation.  Pivotus will use small cross-functional teams with a startup dynamic to develop, validate, and test new bank platforms that could have a significant impact on the experience and economics of banking.  Pivotus' collaborative model will enhance its ability to imagine and develop disruptive technologies, test them with a broad range of customers and deliver them to scale. 
    
  Along with its subsidiaries, the Company is subject to the regulations of state and federal agencies and undergoes periodic examinations by these regulatory agencies.   

Executive Overview  
    
  Significant items for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were as follows:  
    
  Financial Performance 

Net interest margin, on a tax equivalent basis, was   3.95%   and   4.12%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to   4.43%   and   4.47%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The decreases in net interest margin for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same periods in the prior year, reflect a decrease in average yields on interest-earning assets, particularly in loans and leases, attributable to the continued low interest rate environment, as well as an increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities.  

Residential mortgage banking revenue was   $47.2 million   and   $99.4 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to   $24.0 million   and   $92.3 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  Closed for sale mortgage originations increased by   33%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , relative to the same period in the prior year. The gain on sale margin also increased to   4.08%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   3.19%   in the same period of the prior year. In addition, the Company recorded a lower negative fair value adjustment on its MSR asset for the three months ended September 30, 2016, relative to the negative fair value adjustment in the same period of the prior year. The increase in residential mortgage banking revenue for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was driven by an increase of   8%   in closed for sale mortgage volume for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period of the prior year, as well as an increase in the gain on sale margin from   3.41%   to   3.96%  . These increases were partially offset by a   $42.4 million   negative fair value adjustment to the MSR, as compared to a negative fair value adjustment of   $20.3 million   for the same period of the prior year.  

Total gross loans and leases were   $17.4 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $525.5 million  , as compared to   December 31, 2015  .  The increase was primarily driven by growth in commercial (including leasing   equipment finance) and consumer loans, partially offset by declines in multi-family loans, primarily due to  
     
   49 

     Table of Contents  

heightened refinance and early pay-off activity during the period. Total gross loans and leases also decreased due to portfolio loan sales of   $420.7 million  , primarily consisting of residential mortgage and multifamily loans.  

Total deposits were   $18.9 billion   as of   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.2 billion  , compared to   December 31, 2015  .  This increase was primarily driven by growth in all deposit categories, most notably in non-interest bearing demand and money market accounts. 

Credit Quality 

The provision for loan and lease losses was   $13.1 million   and   $28.5 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the   $8.2 million   and   $32.0 million   recognized for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. The increase for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period of the prior year is primarily attributable to strong growth in the commercial portfolio, including in the leasing and equipment finance portfolio, as well as an increase in net charge-offs. Net charge-offs  were   $10.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   0.24%   of average loans and leases (annualized), as compared to net charge-offs of   $5.1 million  , or   0.13%   of average loans and leases (annualized), for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of the prior year is principally attributable to the improving credit quality of certain segments, offset by stronger growth in the loan portfolio as well as an increase in net charge-offs.  Net charge-offs were   $25.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   0.20%   of average loans and leases (annualized), as compared to net charge-offs of   $18.1 million   or   0.15%   of average loans and leases (annualized), for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
       
  Capital and Growth Initiatives 

Cash dividends declared in the   third quarter   of   2016   were   $0.16   per common share, consistent with the comparable period of the prior year. 

50 

Table of Contents  

Summary of Critical Accounting Policies  
    
  Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements     for the year ended   December 31, 2015   included in the Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016. Not all of these significant accounting policies require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments or estimates. Management believes that the following policies would be considered critical under the SEC's definition.  
    
  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Reserve for Unfunded Commitments  
    
  The Bank performs regular credit reviews of the loan and lease portfolio to determine credit quality and adherence to underwriting standards. When loans and leases are originated, they are assigned a risk rating that is reassessed periodically during the term of the loan through the credit review process.  The Bank's risk rating methodology assigns risk ratings ranging from 1 to 10, where a higher rating represents higher risk. The 10 risk rating categories are a primary factor in determining an appropriate amount for the allowance for loan and lease losses. The Bank has a management Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Committee ("ALLL Committee"), which is responsible for, among other things, regularly reviewing the ALLL methodology, including loss factors, and ensuring that it is designed and applied in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The ALLL Committee reviews and approves loans and leases recommended for impaired status.  The ALLL Committee also approves removing loans and leases from impaired status.  The Bank's Audit and Compliance Committee provides board oversight of the ALLL process and reviews and approves the ALLL methodology on a quarterly basis.  
    
  Each risk rating is assessed an inherent credit loss factor that determines the amount of the allowance for loan and lease losses provided for that group of loans and leases with similar risk rating. Credit loss factors may vary by region based on management's belief that there may ultimately be different credit loss rates experienced in each region.   
    
  Regular credit reviews of the portfolio also identify loans that are considered potentially impaired. Potentially impaired loans are referred to the ALLL Committee which reviews and approves designated loans as impaired. A loan is considered impaired when based on current information and events, we determine that we will probably not be able to collect all amounts due according to the loan contract, including scheduled interest payments. When we identify a loan as impaired, we measure the impairment using discounted cash flows, except when the sole remaining source of the repayment for the loan is the liquidation of the collateral. In these cases, we use the current fair value of the collateral, less selling costs, instead of discounted cash flows. If we determine that the value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, we either recognize an impairment reserve as a specific component to be provided for in the allowance for loan and lease losses or charge-off the impaired balance on collateral dependent loans if it is determined that such amount represents a confirmed loss.  The combination of the risk rating-based allowance component and the impairment reserve allowance component lead to an allocated allowance for loan and lease losses.   
    
  The Bank may also maintain an unallocated allowance amount to provide for other credit losses inherent in a loan and lease portfolio that may not have been contemplated in the credit loss factors. This unallocated amount generally comprises less than   5%   of the allowance, but may be maintained at higher levels during times of economic conditions characterized by falling real estate values. The unallocated amount is reviewed periodically based on trends in credit losses, the results of credit reviews and overall economic trends. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was no unallocated allowance amount. 
    
  The RUC is established to absorb inherent losses associated with our commitment to lend funds, such as with a letter or line of credit. The adequacy of the ALLL and RUC are monitored on a regular basis and are based on management's evaluation of numerous factors. These factors include the quality of the current loan portfolio; the trend in the loan portfolio's risk ratings; current economic conditions; loan concentrations; loan growth rates; past-due and non-performing trends; evaluation of specific loss estimates for all significant problem loans; historical charge-off and recovery experience; and other pertinent information.   
    
  Management believes that the ALLL was adequate as of   September 30, 2016  . There is, however, no assurance that future loan losses will not exceed the levels provided for in the ALLL and could possibly result in additional charges to the provision for loan and lease losses. In addition, bank regulatory authorities, as part of their periodic examination of the Bank, may require additional charges to the provision for loan and lease losses in future periods if warranted as a result of their review. A large of percentage of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, as a result a significant decline in real estate market values may require an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses.   

51 

     Table of Contents  

Acquired Loans 
    
  Acquired loans and leases are recorded at their fair value at the acquisition date. For purchased non-impaired loans, the difference between the fair value and unpaid principal balance of the loan at the acquisition date is amortized or accreted to interest income using the effective interest method over the remaining contractual period to maturity.  
  The acquired loans that are purchased impaired loans are aggregated into pools based on individually evaluated common risk characteristics and aggregate expected cash flows were estimated for each pool. A pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single interest rate, cumulative loss rate and cash flow expectation. The cash flows expected to be received over the life of the pool were estimated by management. These cash flows were input into an accounting loan system which calculates the carrying values of the pools and underlying loans, book yields, effective interest income and impairment, if any, based on actual and projected events. Default rates, loss severity, and prepayment speeds assumptions are periodically reassessed and updated within the accounting model to update our expectation of future cash flows. The excess of the cash flows expected to be collected over a pool's carrying value is considered to be the accretable yield and is recognized as interest income over the estimated life of the loan or pool using the effective yield method. The accretable yield may change due to changes in the timing and amounts of expected cash flows.  Changes in the accretable yield are disclosed quarterly. 
    
  Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights ("MSR")  
    
  The Company determines its classes of servicing assets based on the asset type being serviced along with the methods used to manage the risk inherent in the servicing assets, which includes the market inputs used to value the servicing assets. The Company measures its residential mortgage servicing assets at fair value and reports changes in fair value through earnings.  Fair value adjustments encompass market-driven valuation changes and the runoff in value that occurs from the passage of time, which are separately reported. Under the fair value method, the MSR is carried in the balance sheet at fair value and the changes in fair value are reported in earnings under the caption residential mortgage banking revenue in the period in which the change occurs.  
    
  Retained mortgage servicing rights are measured at fair values as of the date of the related loan sale. We use quoted market prices when available. Subsequent fair value measurements are determined using a discounted cash flow model. In order to determine the fair value of the MSR, the present value of expected net future cash flows is estimated. Assumptions used include market discount rates, anticipated prepayment speeds, delinquency and foreclosure rates, and ancillary fee income net of servicing costs. This model is periodically validated by an independent external model validation group. The model assumptions and the MSR fair value estimates are also compared to observable trades of similar portfolios as well as to MSR broker valuations and industry surveys, as available.  
    
  Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
    
  Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but instead are periodically tested for impairment. Management performs an impairment analysis for the intangible assets with indefinite lives on an annual basis as of December 31.  Additionally, goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are evaluated on an interim basis when events or circumstances indicate impairment potentially exists.  The impairment analysis requires management to make subjective judgments. Events and factors that may significantly affect the estimates include, among others, competitive forces, customer behaviors and attrition, changes in revenue growth trends, cost structures, technology, changes in discount rates and specific industry and market conditions. There can be no assurance that changes in circumstances, estimates or assumptions may result in additional impairment of all, or some portion of, goodwill.  
    
  The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment analysis of the Community Banking reporting segment as of December 31, 2015. The Company assessed qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicated that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired, and determined no factors indicated an impairment. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company recorded a goodwill impairment loss of   $142,000   relating to the winding down of an immaterial subsidiary.  
  Stock-based Compensation  
    
  We recognize expense in the income statement for the grant-date fair value of stock options and restricted shares as equity-based forms of compensation issued to employees over the employees' requisite service period (generally the vesting period). The requisite service period may be subject to performance conditions.  

52 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value  
    
  A hierarchical disclosure framework associated with the level of pricing observability is utilized in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The degree of judgment utilized in measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally correlates to the level of pricing observability. Financial instruments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of pricing observability and a lesser degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Conversely, financial instruments rarely traded or not quoted will generally have little or no pricing observability and a higher degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. Pricing observability is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market and not yet established and the characteristics specific to the transaction. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),   which creates Topic 606 and supersedes Topic 605, Revenue Recognition. In August 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, R  evenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , which postponed the effective date of 2014-09.  Multiple ASUs and interpretative guidance have been issued in connection with ASU 2014-09. The core principle of Topic 606 is that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In general, the new guidance requires companies to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current guidance, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. The standard is effective for public entities for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017; early adoption is not permitted. For financial reporting purposes, the standard allows for either full retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied to all of the periods presented, or modified retrospective adoption, meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions to determine the potential impact the new standard will have on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  . The new guidance is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments.  This ASU requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income.  In addition, the amendment requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes and  requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. This ASU also eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet.  The amendment also requires a   re  porting organization to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument specific credit risk (also referred to as "own credit") when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments.  ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted for certain provisions.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  .  The amendments in this update require lessees, among other things, to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for those leases classified as operating leases under previous authoritative guidance.  This update also introduces new disclosure requirements for leasing arrangements.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07,   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  .  The ASU eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an adjustment must be made to the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held.  The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is  
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

permitted. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments  Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.    The ASU is intended to improve financial reporting by requiring timelier recording of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments held by financial institutions and other organizations.  The ASU requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for certain financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue to use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances. The ASU requires enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization s portfolio. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements that provide additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early application will be permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  .  The ASU provides guidance on the following eight specific cash flow issues: Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies (COLIs) (including bank-owned life insurance policies (BOLIs)); distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the update is permitted. The Company does not expect a material impact of this ASU on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  
   54 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
    
  Overview    
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , net earnings available to common shareholders were   $61.8 million  , or   $0.28   per diluted common share, as compared to net earnings available to common shareholders of   $57.5 million  , or   $0.26   per diluted common share, for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , net earnings available to common shareholders were   $163.6 million  , or   $0.74   per diluted common share, as compared to net earnings available to common shareholders of   $159.3 million  , or   $0.72   per diluted common share, for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in net earnings for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of the prior year was principally attributable to an increase in non-interest income, primarily related to residential mortgage banking revenue.  The increase in net earnings for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of the prior year was principally attributable to a decline in non-interest expense, primarily related to decreases in merger expenses; partially offset by a decrease in net interest income.  
     
  The Company incurs significant expenses related to the completion and integration of mergers and acquisitions.  It also recognizes gains or losses on its junior subordinated debentures carried at fair value resulting from changes in interest rates and the estimated market credit risk adjusted spread that do not directly correlate with the Company s operating performance.  Additionally, it may recognize goodwill impairment losses that have no direct effect on the Company s or the Bank s cash balances, liquidity, or regulatory capital ratios.  The Company recognizes gains and losses related to the change in the fair value of its MSR, which are primarily tied to movements in interest rates, and are not indicative of the fundamental operating activities for the period.  It also recognizes gains or losses related to the change in the fair value of its swap derivatives, which are driven by movements in interest rates and are beyond our control.  On occasion, the Company may sell certain securities in its investment portfolio, and recognize an associated gain or loss, which can be highly discretionary based on the timing of the sales, market opportunities, and interest rates, and therefore are not reflective of the Company's operating performance.  The Company also may incur expenses related to the exit or disposal of certain business activities, such as the consolidation of bank branches, which do not reflect the on-going operating performance of the Company.  Lastly, the Company may recognize one-time bargain purchase gains on certain acquisitions that are not reflective of the Company s on-going earnings power.   
    
  Accordingly, management believes that our operating results are best measured on a comparative basis excluding the after-tax impact of merger related expenses, gains or losses on junior subordinated debentures carried at fair value, gains or losses from the change in fair value of MSR asset, gains or losses from the change in fair value of the swap derivative, net gains or losses on investment securities, exit or disposal costs and other charges related to business combinations such as goodwill impairment charges or bargain purchase gains.  The Company defines   operating earnings   as earnings available to common shareholders before these items, and calculates   operating earnings per diluted share   by dividing operating earnings by the same diluted share total used in determining diluted earnings per common share. Operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share are considered "non-GAAP" financial measures. Although we believe the presentation of non-GAAP financial measures provides investors with information useful in understanding the Company's financial performance, readers of this report are urged to review the GAAP results as presented in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Item 1 above. 

55 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides the reconciliation of earnings available to common shareholders (GAAP) to operating earnings (non-GAAP), and earnings per diluted common share (GAAP) to operating earnings per diluted share (non-GAAP) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :    
    
  Reconciliation of Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders to Operating Earnings          

56 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the returns on average assets, average common shareholders' equity and average tangible common shareholders' equity for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . For each of the periods presented, the table includes the calculated ratios based on reported net earnings available to common shareholders and operating earnings as shown in the table above. Our return on average common shareholders' equity is negatively impacted as the result of capital required to support goodwill.  To the extent this performance metric is used to compare our performance with other financial institutions that do not have merger and acquisition-related intangible assets, we believe it is beneficial to also consider the return on average tangible common shareholders' equity. The return on average tangible common shareholders' equity is calculated by dividing net earnings available to common shareholders by average shareholders' common equity less average goodwill and intangible assets, net (excluding MSRs). The return on average tangible common shareholders' equity is considered a non-GAAP financial measure and should be viewed in conjunction with the return on average common shareholders' equity.   
    
  Return on Average Assets, Common Shareholders' Equity and Tangible Common Shareholders' Equity  

Additionally, management believes   tangible common equity   and the   tangible common equity ratio   are meaningful measures of capital adequacy. Umpqua believes the exclusion of certain intangible assets in the computation of tangible common equity and tangible common equity ratio provides a meaningful base for period-to-period and company-to-company comparisons, which management believes will assist investors in analyzing the operating results and capital of the Company.  Tangible common equity is calculated as total shareholders' equity less preferred stock and less goodwill and other intangible assets, net (excluding MSRs).  In addition, tangible assets are total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets, net (excluding MSRs).  The tangible common equity ratio is calculated as tangible common shareholders' equity divided by tangible assets.  The tangible common equity and tangible common equity ratio is considered a non-GAAP financial measure and should be viewed in conjunction with the total shareholders' equity and the total shareholders' equity ratio.  

57 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides a reconciliation of ending shareholders' equity (GAAP) to ending tangible common equity (non-GAAP), and ending assets (GAAP) to ending tangible assets (non-GAAP) as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  
    
  Reconciliations of Total Shareholders' Equity to Tangible Common Shareholders' Equity and Total Assets to Tangible Assets  

Non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied, and are not reviewed or audited.  Although we believe these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by stakeholders in the evaluation of a company, they have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analyses of results as reported under GAAP. 

Net Interest Income  
    
  Net interest income is the largest source of our income. Net interest income for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $209.9 million  , a decrease of   $9.3 million  , compared to the same period in   2015  . Net interest income for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $636.8 million  , a decrease of   $15.0 million  , compared to the same period in   2015  . The decrease in net interest income for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same periods in   2015   is primarily attributable to lower average yields on interest-earning assets, specifically within the loan and lease portfolio.  The decrease also reflects a higher average cost of funds, primarily driven by an increase in the cost of time deposits due to the utilization of longer-term maturities which typically carry a high rate paid, as well as an increase in the interest expense on junior subordinated debentures.  
    
  The net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets) on a fully tax equivalent basis was   3.95%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   48   basis points as compared to the same period in   2015  .  The net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets) on a fully tax equivalent basis was   4.12%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   35   basis points as compared to the same period in   2015  .  
    
  The decreases in the net interest margin for both periods is the result of decreased yields on earning assets, most notably the yield on loans and leases decreased by   55   basis points for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in 2015, and decreased   56   basis points for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   2015  .  The decrease reflects the lower level of accretion of the credit discount recorded on loans acquired as well as lower average yields on interest-earning assets resulting from the continued low interest rate environment. 
    
  Our net interest income is affected by changes in the amount and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in the yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on deposits and borrowed funds.  

58 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present condensed average balance sheet information, together with interest income and yields on average interest-earning assets, and interest expense and rates paid on average interest-bearing liabilities for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  
    
  Average Rates and Balances       

(1) 
    Non-accrual loans and leases are included in the average balance.    
              (2) 
    Tax-exempt income has been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis at a 35% tax rate. The amount of such adjustment was an addition to recorded income of approximately   $1.1 million   and   $1.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
     
   59 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Non-accrual loans and leases are included in the average balance.    
              (2) 
    Tax-exempt income has been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis at a 35% tax rate. The amount of such adjustment was an addition to recorded income of approximately   $3.4 million   and   $3.8 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  

60 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables set forth a summary of the changes in tax equivalent net interest income due to changes in average asset and liability balances (volume) and changes in average rates (rate) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same periods in   2015  . Changes in tax equivalent interest income and expense, which are not attributable specifically to either volume or rate, are allocated proportionately between both variances.  
    
  Rate/Volume Analysis       

(1) 
    Tax exempt income has been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis at a 35% tax rate.    
     
   61 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Tax exempt income has been adjusted to a tax equivalent basis at a 35% tax rate.    

Provision for Loan and Lease Losses  
    
  The provision for loan and lease losses was   $13.1 million   and   $28.5 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $8.2 million   and   $32.0 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  As an annualized percentage of average outstanding loans and leases, the provision for loan and lease losses recorded for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   0.30%   and   0.22%  , as compared to   0.20%   and   0.27%   in the same periods in   2015  .  
    
  The increase for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same prior year period is primarily related to strong growth in the commercial portfolio, as well as the leasing and equipment finance portfolio, in addition to an increase in net charge-offs. Net charge-offs on loans were   $10.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   0.24%   of average loans and leases (annualized), as compared to net charge-offs of   $5.1 million  , or   0.13%   of average loans and leases (annualized), for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . For the   third quarter   of   2016  , $505,000 of the provision for loan and lease losses related to previously acquired loans that were not purchased credit impaired. For the   third quarter   of 2015, $544,000 of the provision for loan and lease losses related to previously acquired loans that were not purchased credit impaired. 
    
  The decrease for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same prior year period is principally attributable to improving credit quality of certain segments, offset by the increase in the loan portfolio as well as increased charge-offs. Net charge-offs on loans were   $25.1 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , or   0.20%   of average loans and leases (annualized), as compared to net charge-offs of   $18.1 million   or   0.15%   of average loans and leases (annualized), for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  . The economy in the Pacific Northwest has improved causing the risk ratings of many of our borrowers to improve as well as the value of the underlying collateral for real estate collateral loans to improve over past quarters. 
    
  The Company recognizes the charge-off of impairment reserves on impaired loans in the period they arise for collateral-dependent loans.  Therefore, the non-accrual loans of   $27.8 million   as of   September 30, 2016   have already been written-down to their estimated fair value, less estimated costs to sell, and are expected to be resolved with no additional material loss, absent further decline in market prices.  
  
   62 

Table of Contents  

Non-Interest Income  
    
  Non-interest income for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $80.7 million  , an increase of   $19.3 million  , or   32%  , as compared to the same period in   2015  .  Non-interest income for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $201.3 million  , a decrease of   $5.1 million  , or   2%  , as compared to the same period in   2015  . The following table presents the key components of non-interest income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  
    
  Non-Interest Income  

Residential mortgage banking revenue increased for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same periods of 2015 due to higher revenue from the origination and sale of residential mortgages and servicing income. Closed for-sale mortgage volume for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $1.1 billion   and   $2.9 billion  , compared to   $843.7 million   and   $2.7 billion   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  This increase in revenue was partially offset by an increase in negative fair value adjustments to the MSR asset for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , driven by a decline in long-term interest rates during the periods, and its impact on the prepayment speed assumption for the MSR asset.  
    
  The gain on loan sales for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased by   $3.9 million   and   $11.4 million   due to the mix of loans sold during the periods.  
    
  Other income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in the prior year increased by   $1.1 million   and decreased by   $847,000  , respectively.  The three month increase was primarily related to the change in the fair value of debt capital market swap derivatives which increased by $1.4 million, from a loss of $1.2 million at September 30, 2015 to a gain of $182,000 at   September 30, 2016  .  The decrease for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily due to the change in the fair value of debt capital market swap derivatives, which decreased by $2.5 million.    

63 

     Table of Contents  

Non-Interest Expense  
    
  Non-interest expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $181.2 million  , a decrease of   $2.0 million  , or   1%   as compared to the same period in   2015  . Non-interest expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $553.7 million  , a decrease of   $24.0 million  , or   4%   as compared to the same period in   2015  . The following table presents the key elements of non-interest expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  
    
  Non-Interest Expense  

Salaries and employee benefits costs decreased by   $1.1 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period prior year.  Salaries and employee benefits costs decreased by   $5.3 million   in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period prior year. The decrease for the three and nine months ended is primarily related to decreased employee stock-based compensation, as well as declines in certain employee benefits and commissions. 
    
  Net occupancy and equipment expense increased by   $946,000   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , and increased by   $10.1 million   in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase is primarily as a result of additional maintenance contracts related to certain infrastucture system contracts, following conversions over the past two years. 
    
  Services decreased by   $406,000   and   $3.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively as compared to the same periods in the prior year.  The decrease is primarily due to decreased fees for hosting services related to the system conversions. 
    
  We incur significant expenses in connection with the completion and integration of bank acquisitions that are not capitalizable.  These merger expenses are recorded in accordance with a Board approved accounting policy with respect to merger related charges, including internal and external charges.  These expenses include acquisition related expenses, certain facility closure related costs, customer communications, restructuring expenses (including associate severance and retention charges) and expenses related to conversions of systems, including consulting costs.  The merger related expenses incurred in 2016 and 2015 relate to the merger with Sterling.  
  
   64 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides a breakout of Merger related expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015.   

Other non-interest expense increased by   $2.7 million   and   $5.2 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively as compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to exit or disposal costs of   $1.7 million   and   $3.5 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, which relates to the store consolidations that occurred during the second and third quarters of 2016.   

Income Taxes  
    
  The Company's consolidated effective tax rate as a percentage of pre-tax income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   35.8%   and   36.0%  , as compared to   35.4%   and   35.8%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The effective tax rates differed from the federal statutory rate of   35%   and the apportioned state rate of   5.2%   (net of the federal tax benefit) principally because of the relative amount of income earned in each state jurisdiction, non-taxable income arising from bank-owned life insurance, income on tax-exempt investment securities and tax credits arising from low income housing investments. 

65 

Table of Contents  

FINANCIAL CONDITION  

Investment Securities  
    
  Trading securities were   $10.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  , up from   $9.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Investment securities available for sale were   $2.5 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  The consistent balance was due to   $443.1 million   of purchases and a   $31.4 million   increase to the unrealized gain on investments, offset by sales and paydowns of   $461.3 million  . 
    
  Investment securities held to maturity were   $4.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $4.6 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The change primarily related to paydowns and maturities of investment securities held to maturity of   $389,000  .  
    
  The following table presents the available for sale and held to maturity investment securities portfolio by major type as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  
    
  Investment Securities Composition      

We review investment securities on an ongoing basis for the presence of other-than-temporary impairment ("OTTI") or permanent impairment, taking into consideration current market conditions, fair value in relationship to cost, extent and nature of the change in fair value, issuer rating changes and trends, whether we intend to sell a security or if it is likely that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of our amortized cost basis of the investment, which may be maturity, and other factors.    
    
  Gross unrealized losses in the available for sale investment portfolio were   $4.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  This consisted primarily of unrealized losses on residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations of   $4.1 million  .  The unrealized losses were primarily caused by interest rate increases subsequent to the purchase of the securities, and not credit quality.  In the opinion of management, these securities are considered only temporarily impaired due to changes in market interest rates or the widening of market spreads subsequent to the initial purchase of the securities, and not due to concerns regarding the underlying credit of the issuers or the underlying collateral. 

66 

Table of Contents  

Restricted Equity Securities  
    
  Restricted equity securities were   $47.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $46.9 million   at   December 31, 2015   with the increase attributable to purchases of FHLB stock during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . Of the   $47.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  ,   $46.1 million   represented the Bank's investment in the FHLBs of Des Moines and San Francisco.  FHLB stock is carried at par and does not have a readily determinable fair value. Ownership of FHLB stock is restricted to the FHLB and member institutions, and can only be purchased and redeemed at par.   
   
  Loans and Leases 
    
  Loans and     Leases, net  
    
  Total loans and leases outstanding at   September 30, 2016   were   $17.4 billion  , an increase of   $525.5 million   as compared to year-end   2015  . The increase included net new loan and lease originations of   $1.2 billion  , partially offset by loans sold of   $420.7 million  , charge-offs of   $33.6 million  , transfers to loans held for sale of   $265.7 million  , and transfers to other real estate owned of   $5.4 million   during the period.  
    
  The following table presents the concentration distribution of the loan and lease portfolio, net of deferred fees and costs, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Loan and Lease Concentrations  

67 

Table of Contents  

Asset Quality and Non-Performing Assets  
    
  Non-Performing Assets  
    
  The following table summarizes our non-performing assets and restructured loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :    

(1) 
    Excludes government guaranteed GNMA mortgage loans that Umpqua has the right but not the obligation to repurchase that are past due 90 days or more totaling $  7.3 million   and $  19.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
              (2) 
    Represents accruing restructured loans performing according to their restructured terms.  
       
  The purchased non-credit impaired loans had remaining credit discount that is expected to accrete into interest income over the life of the loans of $50.3 million and $72.8 million, as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , respectively. The purchased credit impaired loan pools had remaining discount of $34.5 million and $68.0 million, as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Loans acquired with deteriorated credit quality are accounted for as purchased credit impaired pools. Typically this would include loans that were considered non-performing or restructured as of acquisition date. Accordingly, subsequent to acquisition, loans included in the purchased credit impaired pools are not reported as non-performing loans based upon their individual performance status, so the categories of nonaccrual, impaired and 90 day past due and accruing do not include any purchased credit impaired loans. 

68 

     Table of Contents  

The Bank has written down impaired, non-accrual loans as of   September 30, 2016   to their estimated net realizable value and expects resolution with no additional material loss, absent further decline in market prices.  The following table summarizes our non-performing loans and leases by loan type as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  
    
  Non-Performing Loans by Type  

(1) 
    Excludes government guaranteed GNMA mortgage loans that Umpqua has the right but not the obligation to repurchase that are past due 90 days or more totaling $  7.3 million   and $  19.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
       
  The Company has performed, and will continue to perform, extensive reviews of our permanent commercial real estate portfolio, including stress testing.  We perform reviews on both our non-owner and owner occupied credits to verify status, to ensure the accuracy of risk ratings, and to develop proactive action plans with borrowers on projects where debt service coverage has dropped below the Bank's benchmark.  There can be no assurance that any further declines in economic conditions, such as potential increases in retail or office vacancy rates, will exceed the projected assumptions utilized in the stress testing and may result in additional non-performing loans in the future.   
    
  Restructured Loans  
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , impaired loans of   $36.6 million   and   $31.4 million  , respectively, were classified as performing restructured loans.  The restructurings were granted in response to borrower financial difficulty, and generally provide for a temporary modification of loan repayment terms. The performing restructured loans on accrual status represent principally the only impaired loans accruing interest at   September 30, 2016  .  In order for a restructured loan to be considered performing and on accrual status, the loan's collateral coverage generally will be greater than or equal to 100% of the loan balance, the loan must be current on payments, and the borrower must either prefund an interest reserve or demonstrate the ability to make payments from a verified source of cash flow.  
     
  A further decline in the economic conditions in our general market areas or other factors could adversely impact individual borrowers or the loan portfolio in general. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that loans will not become 90 days or more past due, become impaired or placed on non-accrual status, restructured or transferred to other real estate owned in the future.  

69 

Table of Contents  

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Reserve for Unfunded Commitments  
    
  The ALLL totaled   $133.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $3.4 million   from   $130.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . The following table shows the activity in the ALLL for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  
    
  Allowance for     Loan and Lease Losses  

The increase in allowance for loan and lease losses as of   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period of the prior year was primarily the result of growth in our loan and lease portfolios, partially offset by higher net charge-offs during the periods. Additional discussion on the change in provision for loan and lease losses is provided under the heading   Provision for Loan and Lease     Losses   above.    
    
  The following table sets forth the allocation of the allowance for loan and lease losses and percent of loans in each category to total loans and leases as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

At   September 30, 2016  , the recorded investment in loans classified as impaired totaled   $62.5 million  , with a corresponding valuation allowance (included in the allowance for loan and lease losses) of   $2.4 million  .  The valuation allowance on impaired loans represents the impairment reserves on performing current and former restructured loans and nonaccrual loans. At   December 31, 2015  , the total recorded investment in impaired loans was   $52.1 million  , with a corresponding valuation allowance (included in the allowance for loan and lease losses) of   $788,000  .   

70 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents a summary of activity in the RUC:   
    
  Summary of Reserve for Unfunded Commitments Activity  

We believe that the ALLL and RUC at   September 30, 2016   are sufficient to absorb losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio and credit commitments outstanding as of that date based on the best information available. This assessment, based in part on historical levels of net charge-offs, loan and lease growth, and a detailed review of the quality of the loan and lease portfolio, involves uncertainty and judgment. Therefore, the adequacy of the ALLL and RUC cannot be determined with precision and may be subject to change in future periods. In addition, bank regulatory authorities, as part of their periodic examination of the Bank, may require additional charges to the provision for loan and lease losses in future periods if warranted as a result of their review. 

Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights  
    
  The following table presents the key elements of our residential mortgage servicing rights portfolio for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  
    
  Summary of Residential Mortgage Servicing Rights  

(1) 
    Principally reflects changes in discount rates and prepayment speed assumptions, which are primarily affected by changes in interest rates. 
              (2) 
    Represents changes due to collection/realization of expected cash flows over time. 
       
  Information related to our residential serviced loan portfolio as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was as follows:  

Mortgage servicing rights are adjusted to fair value quarterly with the change recorded in mortgage banking revenue. 

71 

Table of Contents  

Goodwill and Other Intangibles Assets 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had goodwill of   $1.8 billion  .  Goodwill is recorded in connection with business combinations and represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , goodwill impairment losses of   $142,000   were recognized related to a small subsidiary that is winding down operations.  There were no goodwill impairment losses recognized during the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had other intangible assets of   $38.8 million  , as compared to   $45.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  .   As part of a business acquisition, the fair value of identifiable intangible assets such as core deposits, which include all deposits except certificates of deposit, are recognized at the acquisition date.  Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortized to their estimated residual values over their respective estimated useful lives, and are also reviewed for impairment.  We amortize other intangible assets on an accelerated or straight-line basis over an estimated ten to fifteen year life. The decrease from   December 31, 2015   relates to the amortization of the other intangible assets of   $6.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 

Deposits  
    
  Total deposits were   $18.9 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.2 billion  , as compared to December 31,   2015  . The increase is attributable to growth in all deposit categories, but primarily non-interest bearing demand and money market accounts.  The growth reflects initatives across the organization to focus on core deposit gathering.  
    
  The following table presents the deposit balances by major category as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company's brokered deposits, including Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service ("CDARS"), totaled   $1.1 billion   and   $758.9 million  , respectively.   

Borrowings  
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had outstanding   $309.5 million   of securities sold under agreements to repurchase and no outstanding federal funds purchased balances. The Bank had outstanding term debt of   $902.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  . Term debt outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   increased   $13.9 million   since   December 31, 2015  . Advances from the FHLB amounted to   $902.2 million   of the total term debt and are secured by investment securities and loans secured by real estate.  The FHLB advances have fixed interest rates ranging from   0.79%   to   7.10%   and mature in   2016   through   2033  . 

Junior Subordinated Debentures  
    
  We had junior subordinated debentures with carrying values of   $361.1 million   and   $356.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  The increase is due to the change in fair value for the junior subordinated debentures selected to be carried at fair value.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the majority of the junior subordinated debentures had interest rates that are adjustable on a quarterly basis based on a spread over three month LIBOR.  Interest expense for junior subordinated debentures increased for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the same periods in   2015  , primarily resulting from increases in the LIBOR rate during the period.  

72 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Cash Flow  
    
  The principal objective of our liquidity management program is to maintain the Bank's ability to meet the day-to-day cash flow requirements of our customers who either wish to withdraw funds or to draw upon credit facilities to meet their cash needs.  
    
  We monitor the sources and uses of funds on a daily basis to maintain an acceptable liquidity position. One source of funds includes public deposits. Individual state laws require banks to collateralize public deposits, typically as a percentage of their public deposit balance in excess of FDIC insurance.  Public deposits represented   8%   of total deposits at   September 30, 2016   and   11%   of total deposits at   December 31, 2015  . The amount of collateral required varies by state and may also vary by institution within each state, depending on the individual state's risk assessment of depository institutions. Changes in the pledging requirements for uninsured public deposits may require pledging additional collateral to secure these deposits, drawing on other sources of funds to finance the purchase of assets that would be available to be pledged to satisfy a pledging requirement, or could lead to the withdrawal of certain public deposits from the Bank. In addition to liquidity from core deposits and the repayments and maturities of loans and investment securities, the Bank can utilize established uncommitted federal funds lines of credit, sell securities under agreements to repurchase, borrow on a secured basis from the FHLB or issue brokered certificates of deposit.   
    
  The Bank had available lines of credit with the FHLB totaling   $5.9 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , subject to certain collateral requirements, namely the amount of pledged loans and investment securities. The Bank had available lines of credit with the Federal Reserve totaling   $366.1 million  , subject to certain collateral requirements, namely the amount of certain pledged loans. The Bank had uncommitted federal funds line of credit agreements with additional financial institutions totaling   $450.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  . Availability of these lines is subject to federal funds balances available for loan and continued borrower eligibility. These lines are intended to support short-term liquidity needs, and the agreements may restrict consecutive day usage.  
    
  The Company is a separate entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. Substantially all of the Company's revenues are obtained from dividends declared and paid by the Bank. There were   $125.5 million   of dividends paid by the Bank to the Company in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  There are statutory and regulatory provisions that could limit the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. We believe that such restrictions will not have an adverse impact on the ability of the Company to fund its quarterly cash dividend distributions to common shareholders and meet its ongoing cash obligations, which consist principally of debt service on the outstanding junior subordinated debentures. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any borrowing arrangements of its own.  
    
  As disclosed in the   Consolidated     Statements of Cash Flows  , net cash provided by operating activities was   $387.1 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , with the difference between cash provided by operating activities and net income largely consisting of originations of loans held for sale of   $2.9 billion  , offset by proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale of   $3.1 billion  .  This compares to net cash provided by operating activities of   $217.8 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , with the difference between cash provided by operating activities and net income largely consisting of originations of loans held for sale of   $2.7 billion  , offset by proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale of   $2.7 billion  . 
    
  Net cash of   $808.6 million   used in investing activities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consisted principally of net loan originations of   $1.2 billion   and purchases of investment securities available for sale of   $443.1 million  , offset by proceeds from investment securities available for sale of   $461.3 million   and proceeds from sale of loans and leases of   $430.0 million  .   This compares to net cash of   $1.2 billion   used in investing activities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which consisted principally of net loan originations of   $1.3 billion   and purchases of investment securities available for sale of   $707.0 million  , partially offset by proceeds from investment securities available for sale of   $508.4 million   and proceeds from the sale of loans and leases of   $246.1 million  .  
    
  Net cash of   $1.1 billion   provided by financing activities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily consisted of   $1.2 billion   increase in net deposits and proceeds from term debt borrowings of   $490.0 million  , offset by   $475.0 million   repayment of term debt and the dividends paid on common stock of   $105.8 million  . This compares to net cash of   $362.2 million   provided by financing activities during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which consisted primarily of   $579.0 million   increase in net deposits, offset by   $115.0 million   repayment of term debt and   $99.3 million   in dividends paid on common stock. 
    
  Although we expect the Bank's and the Company's liquidity positions to remain satisfactory during   2016  , it is possible that our deposit growth for   2016   may not be maintained at the levels experienced in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

73 

Table of Contents  

Off-balance-Sheet Arrangements  
    
  Information regarding Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements is included in Note 8 of the   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk  
  Information regarding Concentrations of Credit Risk is included in Note 8 of the   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

74 

Table of Contents  

Capital Resources  
    
  Shareholders' equity at   September 30, 2016   was   $3.9 billion  , an increase of   $70.9 million   from   December 31, 2015  . The increase in shareholders' equity during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was principally due to net income for the period and other comprehensive income, net of tax, offset by declared common dividends. 
    
  The following table shows the Company's consolidated and the Bank's capital adequacy ratios compared to the regulatory minimum capital ratio and the regulatory minimum capital ratio needed to qualify as a "well-capitalized" institution, as calculated under regulatory guidelines of Basel III at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  :  

75 

     Table of Contents  

The phase-in period for the final rules that revise the regulatory capital rules to incorporate certain revisions by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision to the Basel capital framework ("Basel III") began for the Company on January 1, 2015, with full compliance with the final rules in their entirety required to be phased in on January 1, 2019.  
    
  The final rules, among other things, include a new common equity Tier 1 capital ("CET1") to risk-weighted assets ratio, including a capital conservation buffer, which will gradually increase from 4.5% on January 1, 2015 to 7.0% on January 1, 2019. The final rules also raise the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4.0% to 6.0% on January 1, 2015, and to 8.5% on January 1, 2019, as well as require a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0%.   
    
  Under the final rules, as Umpqua grew above $15.0 billion in assets as a result of an acquisition, the combined trust preferred security debt issuances were required to be phased out of Tier 1 and into Tier 2 capital (75% starting in the first quarter of 2015 and 100% starting in the first quarter of 2016).  
    
  The Company's dividend policy considers, among other things, earnings, regulatory capital levels, the overall payout ratio and expected asset growth to determine the amount of dividends declared, if any, on a quarterly basis. There is no assurance that future cash dividends on common shares will be declared or increased. The following table presents cash dividends declared and dividend payout ratios (dividends declared per common share divided by basic earnings per common share) for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :    
    
  Cash Dividends and Payout Ratios per Common Share  

As of   September 30, 2016  , a total of   10.9 million   shares are available for repurchase under the Company's current share repurchase plan. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   the Company repurchased   560,000   shares under this plan.  The Board of Directors approved an extension of the repurchase plan to 2017. The timing and amount of future repurchases will depend upon the market price for our common stock, securities laws restricting repurchases, asset growth, earnings, and our capital plan.  In addition, our stock plans provide that option and award holders may pay for the exercise price and tax withholdings in part or whole by tendering previously held shares.  

Item 3.                   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    
  Our assessment of market risk as of   September 30, 2016   indicates there are no material changes in the quantitative and qualitative disclosures from those in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 4.                   Controls and Procedures  
    
  Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to information relating to us that is required to be included in our periodic filings with the SEC. The disclosure controls and procedures were last evaluated by management as of   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  No change in our internal controls occurred during the   third quarter   of   2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
  
   76 

Table of Contents  

Part II. OTHER     INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1.             Legal Proceedings   
  Due to the nature of our business, we are involved in legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  The Company assumed, as successor-in-interest to Sterling, the defense of litigation matters pending against Sterling.  Sterling previously reported that on December 11, 2009, a putative securities class action complaint captioned City of Roseville Employees' Retirement System v. Sterling Financial Corp., et al., No. CV 09-00368-EFS, was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington against Sterling and certain of its current and former officers. On June 18, 2010, lead plaintiff filed a consolidated complaint alleging that the defendants violated sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5 by making false and misleading statements concerning Sterling's business and financial results. Plaintiffs sought unspecified damages and attorneys' fees and costs. On August 30, 2010, Sterling moved to dismiss the Complaint, and the court granted the motion to dismiss without prejudice on August 5, 2013. On October 11, 2013, the lead plaintiff filed an amended consolidated complaint with the same defendants, class period, alleged violations, and relief sought. On January 24, 2014, Sterling moved to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint, and on September 17, 2014, the court entered an order dismissing the amended consolidated complaint in its entirety with no further leave to amend. On October 24, 2014, plaintiffs filed a Notice of Appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit from the district court's order granting the motion to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. Appellant filed its opening brief on April 3, 2015 and the Company filed its reply brief on June 17, 2015; additional appellate briefing was filed in the third quarter 2015. The appellate court has not set a hearing date as of the date of this filing. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors  
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under "Part I--Item 1A--Risk Factors" in our Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   These factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and capital position, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical results or the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report.  There have been no material changes from the risk factors described in our Form 10-K.  

Item 2.           Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       
    
  (a)  Not applicable   
    
  (b)  Not applicable  
    
  (c)  The following table provides information about repurchases of common stock by the Company during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  :  

(1) 
    Common shares repurchased by the Company during the quarter consist of cancellation of   192   shares to be issued upon vesting of restricted stock awards and   1,615   shares to be issued upon vesting of restricted stock units to pay withholding     taxes.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   325,000   shares were repurchased pursuant to the Company's publicly announced corporate stock repurchase plan described in (2) below.  
       
           (2) 
    The Company's share repurchase plan, which was first approved by its Board of Directors and announced in August 2003, was amended on September 29, 2011 to increase the number of common shares available for repurchase under the plan to  
     
   77 

     Table of Contents  

15 million   shares.  The repurchase program has been extended multiple times by the board with the current expiration date of July 31, 2017.  As of   September 30, 2016  , a total of   10.9 million   shares remained available for repurchase. The timing and amount of future repurchases will depend upon the market price for our common stock, laws and regulations restricting repurchases, asset growth, earnings, and our capital plan. 

Item 3.                Defaults upon Senior Securities  
  Not applicable    
   
  Item 4.                Mine Safety Disclosures  
  Not applicable    
   
  Item 5.                Other Information  
  Not applicable    
   
  Item 6.                Exhibits   
    
  The exhibits filed as part of this Report and exhibits incorporated herein by reference to other documents are listed in the Exhibit Index to this Report, which follows the signature page. 
  
   78 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES  
    
  Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

UMPQUA HOLDINGS CORPORATION 

(Registrant)  

Dated 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Raymond P. Davis                                                   

Raymond P. Davis 
  President and Chief Executive Officer   

Dated 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Ronald L. Farnsworth 

Ronald L. Farnsworth   
  Executive Vice President/ Chief Financial Officer and  
  Principal Financial Officer 

Dated 
    November 3, 2016 
    /s/ Neal T. McLaughlin 

Neal T. McLaughlin                                          
  Executive Vice President/Treasurer and  
  Principal Accounting Officer 

79 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 
                 Exhibit # 
    Description 
      3.1 
    (a) Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended 

3.2 
    (b) Bylaws, as amended  

4.1 
    (c) Specimen Common Stock Certificate 

4.2 
    The Company agrees to furnish upon request to the Commission a copy of each instrument defining the rights of holders of senior and subordinated debt of the Company. 

31.1 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.3 
    Certification of Principal Accounting Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS XBRL Instance Document * 
  101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document * 
  101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document * 
  101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document * 
  101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document * 
  101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * 
                              
  * Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 18 of the Securities and 
  Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. 

(a)     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed May 7, 2014 
  (b)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K filed April 22, 2008 
  (c)     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-77259) filed April 28, 1999 

80 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 umpq-20160930xex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION OF  
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Raymond P. Davis, certify that:   
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Umpqua Holdings Corporation;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Raymond P. Davis 
        
    Raymond P. Davis 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    Umpqua Holdings Corporation 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 umpq-20160930xex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION OF    
  PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Ronald L. Farnsworth, certify that:   
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Umpqua Holdings Corporation;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Ronald L. Farnsworth 
        
    Ronald L. Farnsworth 
        
    Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer and 
        
    Principal Financial Officer 
        
    Umpqua Holdings Corporation 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 umpq-20160930xex313.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.3  
  CERTIFICATION OF    
  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Neal T. McLaughlin, certify that:   
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Umpqua Holdings Corporation;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)  that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 3, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Neal T. McLaughlin 
        
    Neal T. McLaughlin 
        
    Executive Vice President/Treasurer and 
        
    Principal Accounting Officer 
        
    Umpqua Holdings Corporation 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32>
 5
 umpq-20160930xex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO, PFO, AND PAO

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32    
  CERTIFICATION OF  
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  This certification is given by the undersigned Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Umpqua Holdings Corporation (the  registrant ) pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, with respect to the registrant s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), that:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the registrant.  

/s/ Raymond P. Davis 
        
    Raymond P. Davis 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    Umpqua Holdings Corporation 

/s/ Ronald L. Farnsworth 
        
    Ronald L. Farnsworth 
        
    Executive Vice President/Chief Financial Officer and 
        
    Principal Financial Officer 
        
    Umpqua Holdings Corporation 

/s/ Neal T. McLaughlin 
        
    Neal T. McLaughlin 
        
    Executive Vice President/Treasurer and 
        
    Principal Accounting Officer 
        
    Umpqua Holdings Corporation 

November 3, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 umpq-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 umpq-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 umpq-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 umpq-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 umpq-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 umpq-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

