<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-Q_edgar_data_1129096_0001062993-16-012713_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1089062</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>48981</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>85771</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>135488</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>550843</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>240943</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012713.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214173345
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012713
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		33
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INFITECH VENTURES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001129096
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PETROLEUM REFINING [2911]
		IRS NUMBER:				980335119
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51073
		FILM NUMBER:		162051907

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 LYALL AVENUE
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M4E 1V9
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(416) 691-4068

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 LYALL AVENUE
		CITY:			TORONTO
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			M4E 1V9

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012713.txt : 20161215

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Infitech Ventures Inc.: Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C.
20549  
   FORM 10-Q      
 (Mark One)  
 [X]  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016   
  
 [   ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from _____to _____ 
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER    000-51073   
  
    INFITECH VENTURES INC.
    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

NEVADA    
       98-0335119     
   
     (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
      organization)  
     (I.R.S Employer Identification No.)

20 Lyall Avenue   

Toronto, Ontario, Canada    
       M4E 1V 9     
   
     (Address of principal executive offices)  
     (Zip Code)    
   (416) 691-4068   (Registrant's telephone number,
including area code)  
   N/A    (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X]
Yes        [   ] No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). [   ] Yes        [X]
No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer [   ]  
     Accelerated filer [   ]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer [   ] (Do not check if a
      smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  [X]
     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [X]
Yes        [   ] No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
   As of December 13, 2016, the Registrant had 15,128,332 shares of
common stock       outstanding   .     

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.   
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
   
 The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of
Regulation S-X, and, therefore, do not include all information and footnotes
necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of
operations, cash flows, and stockholders' equity in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations and
financial position have been included and all such adjustments are of a normal
recurring nature. Operating results for the three months ended October 31, 2016
are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for the year
ending July 31, 2017.  
 As used in this Quarterly Report, the terms "we,  "us,  "our, 
and  Infitech  mean Infitech Ventures Inc. unless otherwise indicated. All
dollar amounts in this Quarterly Report are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise
stated.  

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   
      (Expressed in United States Dollars)    

October 31, 2016    
   
      (Unaudited)      

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    
   
      BALANCE SHEETS    
   
     (Expressed in United States Dollars)   
   
     (Unaudited)     
 
  Subsequent Events (Note 8)  
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 
 F-2 

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    
   
      STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
   
     (Expressed in United States Dollars)   
   
     (Unaudited)     
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 
 F-3 

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    
   
      STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIENCY    
   
     (Expressed in United States Dollars)   
   
     (Unaudited)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 
 F-4 

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    
   
      STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    
   
     (Expressed in United States Dollars)   
   
     (Unaudited)     
 
  Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosure (Note 6)  
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
statements. 
 F-5 

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    
   
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   
     (Expressed in United States Dollars)   
   
     October 31, 2016   
   
     (Unaudited)   

1.   
     
        HISTORY AND ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY    

Infitech Ventures Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated
      on October 24, 2000 under the Laws of the State of Nevada. The Company
      intended to develop and market a wax technology relating to the process of
      solidifying and removing spilled oil on land and water. The Company is
      currently exploring new business opportunities. All of the Company s
      assets are held in Canada.   

All amounts are stated in United States dollars unless
      otherwise noted.   

2.   
     
        GOING CONCERN    

These financial statements have been prepared in
      conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
      States of America with the on-going assumption that the Company will be
      able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal
      course of business. However, certain conditions noted below currently
      exist which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
      continue as a going concern.   

The operations of the Company have primarily been funded
      by the issuance of common stock and funding from related parties.
      Continued operations of the Company are dependent on the Company s ability
      to complete equity financings or generate profitable operations in the
      future. Management s plan in this regard is to secure additional funds
      through future equity sales. Such sales may not be available or may not be
      available on reasonable terms.   

There can be no assurance the Company will be able to
      continue to raise funds in which case the Company may be unable to meet
      its obligations. Should the Company be unable to realize economic benefit
      from its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of
      business, the net realizable value of assets may be materially less than
      the amounts recorded on the balance sheets. These financial statements do
      not include any adjustments to the amounts and classifications of assets
      and liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to
      continue as a going concern.   

The current market conditions and volatility increase the
      uncertainty of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern given
      the need to both curtail expenditures and to raise additional funds. The
      Company is experiencing, and has experienced, negative operating cash
      flows. The Company will continue to search for new or alternate sources of
      financing but anticipates that the current market conditions may impact
      the ability to source such funds.   

3.   
     
        SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

The significant accounting policies adopted by the
      Company are as follows:   

Generally accepted accounting principles    

The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been
      prepared by the Company in conformity with accounting principles generally
      accepted in the United States of America applicable to interim financial
      information and with the rules and regulations of the United States
      Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, certain information and
      note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been
      condensed, or omitted, pursuant to such rules and regulations. In the
      opinion of Management, the unaudited interim financial statements include
      all adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the results of the
      interim periods presented. All adjustments are of a normal recurring
      nature, except as otherwise noted below. These financial statements should
      be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial
      statements and notes thereto for the year ended July 31, 2016, included in
      the Company s Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange
      Commission. The results of operations for the interim periods are not
      necessarily indicative of the results of operations for any other interim
      period or for a full fiscal year.    
 F-6  

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    
   
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   
     (Expressed in United States Dollars)   
   
     October 31, 2016   
   
     (Unaudited)   

3.   
     
        SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d)    

Use of estimates    

These financial statements have been prepared in
      conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
      States of America. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
      with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
      America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
      the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of
      contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
      and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting
      period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.   

Foreign currency translation    

Transaction amounts denominated in foreign currencies are
      translated at exchange rates prevailing at transaction dates. Carrying
      values of monetary assets and liabilities are adjusted at each balance
      sheet date to reflect the exchange rate at that date. Non-monetary assets
      and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate on the original
      transaction date. Gains and losses from restatement of foreign currency
      monetary assets and liabilities are included in the statements of
      operations. Revenues and expenses are translated at the rates of exchange
      prevailing on the dates such items are recognized in the statement of
      operations.   

Cash and cash equivalents    

The Company considers cash held at banks and all highly
      liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be
      cash and cash equivalents. At October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, the
      Company did not hold any cash equivalents.   

Accounting for impairment of long-lived assets and for
      long-lived assets to be disposed of    

Long-lived assets to be held and used by the Company are
      continually reviewed to determine whether any events or changes in
      circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be
      recoverable.   

For long-lived assets to be held and used, the Company
      bases its evaluation on such impairment indicators as the nature of the
      assets, the future economic benefit of the assets, any historical or
      future profitability measurements, as well as other external market
      conditions or factors that may be present. In the event that facts and
      circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
      recoverable and an estimate of future undiscounted cash flows is less than
      the carrying amount of an asset, an impairment loss will be
    recognized.   

Contributed executive services    

The Company is required to report all costs of conducting
      its business. Accordingly, the Company records the fair value of
      contributed executive services provided to the Company at no cost as
      compensation expense, with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in
      capital, in the year in which the services are provided.   

For each of the three month periods ended October 31,
      2016 and 2015 the Company recorded contributed executive services in the
      amount of $15,000.    
 F-7  

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    
   
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   
     (Expressed in United States Dollars)   
   
     October 31, 2016   
   
     (Unaudited)   

3.   
     
        SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d)    

Income taxes    

A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all
      temporary differences between financial and tax reporting and net
      operating loss carry forwards. Deferred tax expenses (benefit) result from
      the net change during the period of deferred tax assets and liabilities.
      Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the
      opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all
      of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and
      liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates
      on the date of enactment.   

Net loss per share    

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss
      attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of
      shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per
      share takes into consideration shares of common stock outstanding
      (computed under basic net loss per share) and potentially dilutive shares
      of common stock.   

Recent accounting pronouncements    

Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 Development Stage
      Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting
      Requirements is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after
      December 15, 2014. The adoption of the update will allow the Company to
      remove the inception to date information and all references to development
      stage. The Company has evaluated this update and has early adopted
      beginning with the period ended January 31, 2015.   

There are no other recent accounting pronouncements which
      are expected to have a material effect on the Company s financial
      statements.     

4.   
     
        CAPITAL STOCK    

Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each
      share held. There are no restrictions that limit the Company's ability to
      pay dividends on its common stock. The Company has not declared any
      dividends since incorporation.   

5.   
     
        RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    

At October 31, 2016, there is $273,474 (July 31, 2016 -
      $272,525) due to a director and shareholder of the Company. The amounts
      are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are due on demand.   

For each of three month periods ended October 31, 2016
      and 2015 the Company accrued rent of $600 to a director of the Company.
      Rent is accrued on a month to month basis. At October 31, 2016 there is
      $31,800 (July 31, 2016 - $31,200) payable to a related party with respect
      to rent payable.   

For each of the three month periods ended October 31,
      2016 and 2015 there was $15,000 in contributed executive services recorded
      in additional paid in capital in relation to services of the Company s
      sole director.   

These transactions were in the normal course of
      operations and were measured at the exchange value which represents the
      amount of consideration established and agreed to by the related
      parties.    
 F-8  

INFITECH VENTURES INC.    
   
      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
   
     (Expressed in United States Dollars)   
   
     October 31, 2016   
   
     (Unaudited)   

6.   
     
        SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURE    

During the three month period ended October 31, 2016 and
      2015, the Company s sole director contributed $15,000 as executive
      services which was recorded as additional paid in capital.   

7.   
     
        FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    

The Company classifies financial assets and liabilities
      as held-for-trading, available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, loans and
      receivables or other financial liabilities depending on their nature.
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized at fair value on
      their initial recognition, except for those arising from certain related
      party transactions which are accounted for at the transferor s carrying
      amount or exchange amount.   

Financial assets and liabilities classified as
      held-for-trading are measured at fair value, with gains and losses
      recognized in net income. Financial assets classified as held-to-maturity,
      loans and receivables, and financial liabilities other than those
      classified as held-for-trading are measured at amortized cost, using the
      effective interest method of amortization. Financial assets classified as
      available-for-sale are measured at fair value, with unrealized gains and
      losses being recognized as other comprehensive income until realized, or
      if an unrealized loss is considered other than temporary, the unrealized
      loss is recorded in income.   

Financial instruments measured at fair value are
      classified into one of three levels in the fair value hierarchy according
      to the relative reliability of the inputs used to estimate the fair
      values. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy
are:     

Level 1   Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
      identical assets or liabilities;    

Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices that are
      observable for the asset or liability either directly or indirectly; and

Level 3   Inputs that are not based on observable market
      data.     
 Cash is classified as held for trading,
and is measured at fair value using Level 1 inputs. Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities, accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related party, and due
to related parties are classified as other financial liabilities, and have a
fair value approximating their carrying value, due to their short-term nature.  
 Unless otherwise noted, it is
management s opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant interest,
currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments.  

8   
     
        SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    

On December 7, 2016, a loan was granted from a director
      and shareholder of the Company for $10,500. The amount is unsecured,
      non-interest bearing and is due on demand.   

On December 7, 2016, a loan was granted from a director
      and shareholder of the Company for $2,610 (Cdn $3,500). The amount is
      unsecured, non-interest bearing and is due on
demand.    
 F-9  

ITEM 2.   
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION   AND 
       ANALYSIS   OF   FINANCIAL   CONDITION   AND 
       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.     
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q constitute "forward-looking statements." These statements, identified by
words such as  plan,  "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "should," "expect"
and similar expressions include our expectations and objectives regarding our
future financial position, operating results and business strategy. These
statements reflect the current views of management with respect to future events
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be
materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements.
Such risks and uncertainties include those set forth under the caption  Part II
  Item 1A. Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. We do not
intend to update the forward-looking information to reflect actual results or
changes in the factors affecting such forward-looking information. We advise you
to carefully review the reports and documents, particularly our Annual Reports,
our Quarterly Reports and our Current Reports we file from time to time with the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Copies of all of
our filings with the SEC may be accessed by visiting the SEC site
(http://www.sec.gov) and performing a search of our electronic filings.  
  INTRODUCTION   
 The following discussion and analysis summarizes our plan of
operation for the next twelve months, our results of operations for the three
months ended October 31, 2016, and changes in our financial condition from July
31, 2016. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31,
2016 filed with the SEC on October 27, 2016.  
  OVERVIEW   
 We were incorporated on October 24, 2000 under the laws of the
State of Nevada for the purpose of seeking business opportunities with respect
to environmental technologies and products.  
 Our business revolves around the development and marketing of a
proprietary technology (the  Wax Technology ) that uses a molten wax compound
consisting of paraffin wax and resins to control, clean and remediate oil and
other liquid fuel spills on land and water. In addition, as part of our
long-term business plan, we intend to pursue business opportunities in
wastewater treatment solutions.  
 We continue to require additional financing if we are to
continue as a going concern and to finance our business operations. As of
October 31, 2016, we had cash on hand of $830. If we are not able to acquire
sufficient financing in the near future, our business could fail and investors
could lose their investment.  
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
  Three Months Summary   
 
  Revenues   
 We have not earned any revenues to date and we do not
anticipate earning revenue until we have completed commercial development of
products incorporating our Wax Technology. We are presently in the development stage of our business and we can provide no
assurance that we will be able to complete commercial development or
successfully sell or license products incorporating our Wax Technology once
development is complete  
 3 

Operating Costs and Expenses   
 Our operating expenses for the three months ended October 31,
2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:  
 
 During the three months ended October 31, 2016, our operating
expenses primarily consisted of accounting expenses, legal expenses and office
administration expenses. Operating expenses for the three months ended October
31, 2015 decreased as a result of the recording of a foreign currency gain and a
decrease in office administration expenses. The decrease was partially offset by
an increase in professional fees.  
 We are required to report all costs of conducting our business.
As such, we have recorded as an expense the fair market value of contributed
executive services provided to us at no cost. We recorded contributed executive
services of $5,000 per month. These services are provided to us at no charge and
a corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital has been recorded.  
 If we are able to obtain sufficient financing to proceed with
our plan of operation, of which there is no assurance, we expect that our
expenses will increase significantly as we engage in product and business
development activities. 
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
  Working Capital   
 
  Cash Flows   
 
 Our only sources of financing for the fiscal quarter ended
October 31, 2016 was proceeds from an increase in amounts due to related
parties. 
 Our plan of operation calls for us to spend significantly more
than our current capital resources or the amount of financing that we have been
able to obtain to date. As such, there is a substantial doubt that we will be
able to raise significant financing to complete our stated plan
of operation. Any substantial financing that we are able to obtain is expected
to be in the form of equity financing.  
 4 

Subsequent to the three months ended October 31, 2016, we
received loans of $10,500 and CDN $3,500 from Paul G. Daly, our sole director
and executive officer. The loans are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on
demand.  
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to stockholders.  
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 The financial statements presented with this Quarterly Report
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America for interim financial information. These
financial statements do not include all information and footnote disclosures
required for an annual set of financial statements prepared under United States
generally accepted accounting principles. In the opinion of our management, all
adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring accruals) considered
necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, results of
operations and cash flows as at October 31, 2016, and for all periods presented
in the attached financial statements, have been included. Interim results for
the three months ended October 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for the fiscal year as a whole.  
 We have identified certain accounting policies, described
below, that are most important to the portrayal of our current financial
condition and results of operations. Our significant accounting policies are
disclosed in the notes to the interim financial statements included with this
Quarterly Report. 
   Foreign Currency Translation      
 Transaction amounts denominated in foreign currencies are
translated at exchange rates prevailing at transaction dates. Carrying values of
monetary assets and liabilities are adjusted at each balance sheet date to
reflect the exchange rate at that date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities are
translated at the exchange rate on the original transaction date. Gains and
losses from restatement of foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are
included in the statements of operations. Revenues and expenses are translated
at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates such items are recognized in
the statement of operations.  
   Contributed Executive Services      
 We are required to report all costs of conducting our business.
Accordingly, we record the fair value of contributed executive services provided
to us at no cost as compensation expense, with a corresponding increase to
additional paid-in capital, in the year in which the services are provided. 

ITEM 3.   
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
      ABOUT MARKET RISK.     
 Not Applicable.  

ITEM 4.   
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
   
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as
required by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) as of October 31, 2016
( Evaluation Date ). Based upon that evaluation our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the
Evaluation Date as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over
financial reporting discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended July 31, 2016 (the  2016 Annual Report ).  
 5 

Notwithstanding the assessment that our internal controls over
financial reporting were not effective and that there were material weaknesses
as identified in our 2016 Annual Report, we believe that our financial
statements contained in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended October 31, 2016 report fairly present our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows in all material respects.  
  Changes in Internal Controls  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2016 that have materially
affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.    
  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.   
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.     
 We are not a party to any other legal proceedings and, to our
knowledge; no other legal proceedings are pending, threatened or
contemplated.    

ITEM 1A.   
      RISK FACTORS.     
 The following are some of the important factors that could
affect our financial performance or could cause actual results to differ
materially from estimates contained in our forward-looking statements. We may
encounter risks in addition to those described below. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be
immaterial, may also impair or adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operation. 
   Need For Financing      
 We do not currently have the financial resources to complete
our plan of operation for the next twelve months. We anticipate that we will
require financing in the amount of $750,000   in order to fund our plan of
operation over the next twelve months. We presently do not have sufficient
financing arrangements in place and there is no assurance that we will be able
to obtain sufficient financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If further
financing is not available, our ability to meet our financial obligations and
pursue our plan of operation will be substantially limited. If we are not able
to meet our financial obligations as they come due, our business could fail and
investors could lose a substantial portion or all of their investment. 
   Limited Operating History, Risks Of A New Business
Venture      
 We were incorporated on October 24, 2000 and, prior to our
acquisition of the Wax Technology, we had been involved primarily in
organizational activities and in seeking business opportunities related to
environmental technologies and products. We have not earned any revenues to
date.  
 Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties
normally encountered by a new enterprise and the high rate of failure of such
enterprises. The potential for future success must be considered in light of the
problems, expenses, difficulties complications and delays encountered in
connection with the development of a business in the area in which we intend to
operate and in connection with the formation and commencement of operations of a
new business in general. These include, but are not limited to, unanticipated
problems relating to research and development programs, marketing, approvals by
government agencies, competition and additional costs and expenses that may
exceed current estimates. There is no history upon which to base any assumption
as to the likelihood that our business will prove successful, and there can be no assurance that we will generate any operating
revenues or ever achieve profitable operations.  
 6 

Our Operations Will Be Subject To Extensive Government
Regulations      
 Our operations will be subject to extensive government
regulations in the United States, Canada and in other countries in which we may
operate. In order to sell our anticipated products, we may be required to obtain
a number of regulatory approvals at the federal, state and local level,
including the approval of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and
Environment Canada. We may incur material costs or liabilities in obtaining such
approvals and/or complying with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore,
our potential customers may be required to comply with numerous laws and
regulations when engaging in environmental remediation activities. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to successfully comply with all present or
future government regulations. An inability to obtain necessary regulatory
approvals or the imposition of onerous conditions on the use of our anticipated
products will have a materially adverse effect on us, our business and our
financial condition.  
   Our Business Operations, Assets and Personnel Are Located
Outside The United States      
 Although we are incorporated in the United States, all of our
current operating activities are conducted in, and all of our assets and
personnel are located in, Canada. As such, investors in our securities may
experience difficulty in enforcing judgments or liabilities against the Company
or our personnel under United States securities laws.  
 As a Nevada corporation, we are subject to the laws of the
United States, including the federal securities laws of the United States, and
to the jurisdiction of United States courts. As such, investors may bring
proceedings against us, and enforce judgments obtained against us, in United
States courts.  
 Generally, original actions to enforce liabilities under United
States federal securities laws may not be brought in a Canadian court. Such
actions must be brought in a court in the United States with applicable
jurisdiction. Persons obtaining judgments against us in United States courts,
including judgments obtained under United States federal securities laws, will
then be required to bring an application in a Canadian court to enforce such
judgments in Canada.  
   Competition Is Intense And We May Be Unable To Achieve
Market Acceptance      
 The business environment in which we intend to operate is
highly competitive. Currently, there exist a number of established methods,
products and technologies used to control, clean and remediate oil spills and we
expect to experience competition from a number of established companies involved
in the environmental remediation industry. Certain of our potential competitors
will have greater technical, financial, marketing, sales and other resources
than us.  
 In addition, while the environmental remediation industry is a
mature one, there is no established market for products utilizing our Wax
Technology. We are unable to provide assurances that our target customers and
markets will accept our technologies or will purchase our products and services
in sufficient quantities to achieve profitability. If a significant market fails
to develop or develops more slowly than we anticipate, we may be unable to
recover the losses incurred to develop products and we may be unable to meet our
operational expenses. Acceptance of our anticipated products by environmental
remediation firms and other organizations will depend upon a number of factors,
including the cost competitiveness of our products, customer reluctance to try
new products or services, regulatory requirements or the emergence of more
competitive or effective products.  
   Asserting And Defending Intellectual Property Rights May
Impact The Results Of Our Operations      
 We had applied for a patent from the CIPO, however, we did not
receive a final grant of patent from the CIPO, and we have decided to abandon
our patent application at this time. As patent applications are publicly
available documents, competitors may be able to copy the formulations set out in
our patent application. Due to our limited financial resources, we do not expect
to apply for patent protection for any new developments that we make to the Wax Technology. As a
result, in order to protect future developments, we will need to maintain the
secrecy of our formulations and the methods we use. If we are unable to maintain
the secrecy of those developments, then competitors may be able to copy our
formulations and methodology, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business. 
 7 

Dependence On Key Personnel      
 Our success will largely depend on the performance of our
directors and officers and our key consultants. Our success will also depend on
our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, research,
management, regulatory compliance, sales and marketing personnel. Competition
for such personnel is intense. The loss of the services of such personnel or the
inability to attract and retain other key personnel could impair the development
of our business, operating results and financial condition.  
   Our Stock is a Penny Stock   
 Because our stock is a penny stock, shareholders will be more
limited in their ability to sell their stock. The SEC has adopted rules that
regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny
stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than
$5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges
or quoted on the Nasdaq system, provided that current price and volume
information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the
exchange or quotation system. Because our securities constitute  penny stocks 
within the meaning of the rules, the rules apply to us and to our securities.
The rules may further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our
securities in any market that might develop for them. As long as the trading
price of our common stock is less than $5.00 per share, the common stock will be
subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules require a
broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a
standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that:  

1.  
     
       contains a description of the nature and level of risk in
      the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary
      trading;   

2.  
     
       contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties
      to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer
      with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of
      securities laws;   

3.  
     
       contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a
      dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the
      significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;   

4.  
     
       contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on
      disciplinary actions;   

5.  
     
       defines significant terms in the disclosure document or
      in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and   

6.  
     
       contains such other information and is in such form,
      including language, type, size and format, as the SEC shall require by
      rule or regulation.    
 The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any
transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and
ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and
liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a
special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for
the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt
of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving
penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in
the secondary market for our stock.  
 8 

ITEM 2.   
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND
USE OF PROCEEDS.     
 None.  

ITEM 3.   
      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 
   
 None.  

ITEM 4.   
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
   
 None.  

ITEM 5.   
  OTHER INFORMATION.     
 None.  

ITEM 6.   
      EXHIBITS. 
   
 The following exhibits are either provided with this Quarterly
Report or are incorporated herein by reference:  

Exhibit   

Number   
       
    Description of Exhibit    
   
     3.1  
       
     Articles of
      Incorporation. (1)    
   
     3.2  
       
     Bylaws. (1)    
   
     4.1  
       
     Specimen Common Stock
      Certificate. (1)    
   
     10.1  
      
     Technology Transfer Agreement dated May 6, 2004
      between William Ernest Nelson and Infitech Ventures Inc. (1) 

10.2  
      
     Receipt and Acknowledgement of
      William Ernest Nelson dated February 5, 2005. (1)    
   
     10.3  
       
     Form of Promissory Note. (3)   

14.1  
       
     Code of Ethics. (2) 

31.1   
      
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and
      Chief Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    
   
      32.1   
      
      Certification of Chief
      Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to
      Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    
   
      101.INS   
       
      XBRL Instance Document.    
   
      101.SCH   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase.  

101.DEF   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Definition Linkbase.    
   
      101.LAB   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase.    
   
      101.PRE   
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
      Presentation Linkbase.     
  Notes:   
 
 9 

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

INFITECH VENTURES INC. 

Date:  
     December 14, 2016  
       
     By:  
      /s/ Paul G. Daly    

PAUL G. DALY    

Chief Executive Officer, Chief
      Financial Officer   

President, Secretary and
      Treasurer   

(Principal Executive Officer,
      Principal Financial Officer   

and Principal Accounting Officer)
       
 10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Infitech Ventures Inc.: - Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, Paul G. Daly, certify that;  

(1)  
     
       I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
      Infitech Ventures Inc.;   

(2)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

(3)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

(4)  
     
       I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
      disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
      and have:     

a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

(5)  
     
       I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of
      the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
      auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
      (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):     

a)  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.     

Date:  
     December 14, 2016  

/s/ Paul G. Daly    

By:  
     PAUL G. DALY   
   
     Title:  
     Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Infitech Ventures Inc.: - Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATION OF   CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER  PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
  
 I, Paul G. Daly, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of Infitech Ventures Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(i)  
     
       the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company, for the
      fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2016, and to which this certification is
      attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Report ) fully complies with the
      requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended; and   

(ii)  
     
       the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company.     

By:  
      /s/ Paul G. Daly    

Name:  
     PAUL G. DALY   

Chief Executive Officer and   
   
     Title:  
     Chief Financial Officer   

Date:  
     December 14, 2016  

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.   
  This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it
relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is
not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made
before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general
incorporation language contained in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 iftv-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 iftv-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 iftv-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 iftv-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 iftv-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 iftv-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

