<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1309136_0001104659-16-156607_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5435966</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89137</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>166471</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2107555</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1678701</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>780572</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-16-156607.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114094001
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-16-156607
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ML Winton FuturesAccess LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001309136
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				201227904
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51084
		FILM NUMBER:		161991314

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MERRILL LYNCH ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS
		STREET 2:		250 VESEY STREET, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-449-3520

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		MERRILL LYNCH ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS
		STREET 2:		250 VESEY STREET, 11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10281

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-16-156607.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 a16-17117_110q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
     
   FORM 10-Q   
     
   (Mark One)   
     
   x            QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
       
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
       
   OR   
       
   o               TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
       
   For the transition period from                  to                    
       
   Commission File Number 0-51084   
       
   ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC   
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware        

20-1227904            

(State or other   jurisdiction of       

(I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.)           

incorporation or   organization)       

c/o Merrill Lynch Alternative Investments LLC   
   250 Vesey Street, 11    th  Floor  
   New York, New York 10281   
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
  (Zip Code)  
     
   609-274-5838   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  No  o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x  No  o  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer   o       

Accelerated filer   o           

Non-accelerated filer   x       

Smaller reporting   company   o           

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o  No  x  
     
  As of September 30, 2016, 610,040,543 units of limited liability company interest were outstanding.  

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC   
     
  QUARTERLY REPORT FOR SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 ON FORM 10-Q  
     
   Table of Contents   

PAGE            

PART I FINANCIAL   INFORMATION        

Item 1.       
 
  Financial Statements       
 
  1           

Item 2.       
 
  Management s Discussion   and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations       
 
  17           

Item 3.       
 
  Quantitative and   Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk       
 
  27           

Item 4.       
 
  Controls and Procedures       
 
  32           

PART II OTHER   INFORMATION        

Item 1.       
 
  Legal Proceedings       
 
  32           

Item 1A.       
 
  Risk Factors       
 
  32           

Item 2.       
 
  Unregistered Sales of   Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       
 
  32           

Item 3.       
 
  Defaults Upon Senior   Securities       
 
  35           

Item 4.       
 
  Mine Safety Disclosures       
 
  35           

Item 5.       
 
  Other Information       
 
  35           

Item 6.       
 
  Exhibits       
 
  35              

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     
  Item 1.   Financial Statements  
     
   ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC   
   (A Delaware Limited Liability Company)   
     
   STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION   
  (unaudited)  

See notes to financial statements.  
     
 1   

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC   
   (A Delaware Limited Liability Company)   
     
   STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (unaudited)  

*Units fully redeemed as of April 30, 2015.  
  **Units fully redeemed as of December 31, 2015.  
     
  See notes to financial statements.  
     
 2   

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC   
   (A Delaware Limited Liability Company)   
     
   STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS  CAPITAL   
   FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   
  (unaudited) (in Units)  

* Units issued on February 1, 2015.  
  **Units fully redeemed as of April 30, 2015.  
  ***Units fully redeemed as of December 31, 2015.  
     
  See notes to financial statements.  
     
 3   

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC   
   (A Delaware Limited Liability Company)   
     
   STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN MEMBERS  CAPITAL   
   FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   
  (unaudited)  

* Units issued on February 1, 2015.  
  **Units fully redeemed as of April 30, 2015.  
  ***Units fully redeemed as of December 31, 2015.  
     
  See notes to financial statements.  
     
 4   

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC  
  ( A Delaware Limited Liability Company )  
     
  FINANCIAL DATA HIGHLIGHTS  
  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
     
  The following per Unit data and ratios have been derived from information provided in the financial statements.  

(a) The total return is based on compounded monthly returns and is calculated for each class taken as a whole. An individual member s return may vary from these returns based on timing of capital transactions.  
  (b) The expense ratios do not include brokerage commissions.  
  (c) The ratios and total return are not annualized.  
     
  See notes to financial statements.  
     
 5   

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC  
  ( A Delaware Limited Liability Company )  
     
  FINANCIAL DATA HIGHLIGHTS  
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
     
  The following per Unit data and ratios have been derived from information provided in the financial statements.  

(a) The total return is based on compounded monthly returns and is calculated for each class taken as a whole. An individual member s return may vary from these returns based on timing of capital transactions.  
  (b) The expense ratios do not include brokerage commissions.  
  (c) The ratios and total return are not annualized.  
     
  See notes to financial statements.  
     
 6   

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC  
  ( A Delaware Limited Liability Company )  
     
  FINANCIAL DATA HIGHLIGHTS  
  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 (unaudited)  
     
  The following per Unit data and ratios have been derived from information provided in the financial statements.  

(a)  The total return is based on compounded monthly returns and is calculated for each class taken as a whole. An individual member s return may vary from these returns based on timing of capital transactions. 
  (b)  The expense ratios do not include brokerage commissions. 
  (c)  Interest income, net is less than $0.0001 per Unit. 
  (d)  The ratios and total return are not annualized. 
     
  See notes to financial statements.  
     
 7   

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC  
  ( A Delaware Limited Liability Company )  
     
  FINANCIAL DATA HIGHLIGHTS  
  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 (unaudited)  
     
  The following per Unit data and ratios have been derived from information provided in the financial statements.  

(a) The total return is based on compounded monthly returns and is calculated for each class taken as a whole. An individual member s return may vary from these returns based on timing of capital transactions.  
  (b) The expense ratios do not include brokerage commissions.  
  (c) The ratios and total return are not annualized.  
     
  * Units issued on February 1, 2015.  
  **Units fully redeemed as of April 30, 2015.  
  See notes to financial statements.  
     
 8   

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS LLC   
   (A Delaware Limited Liability Company)   
     
   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (unaudited)  
     
  1.                 ORGANIZATION 
     
  ML Winton FuturesAccess LLC (the  Fund ), a FuturesAccess  SM  Program ( FuturesAccess ) fund, which is an investment company as defined by Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) guidance, was organized under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act on May 17, 2004 and commenced trading activities on February 1, 2005. The Fund engages in the speculative trading of futures and forward contracts on a wide range of commodities. Winton Capital Management Limited ( Trading Advisor ) is the trading advisor of the Fund.  The Trading Advisor trades the Winton Futures Program (the  Trading Program ) for the Fund. 
     
  Merrill Lynch Alternative Investments LLC ( MLAI , the  Sponsor  or the  Managing Member ) is the sponsor and manager of the Fund. MLAI is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation. Bank of America Corporation and its affiliates are referred to herein as  BofA Corp. . Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated ( MLPF S ) is currently the exclusive clearing broker for the Fund. MLAI may select other parties as clearing broker(s). Merrill Lynch International ( MLI ) is the primary foreign exchange ( F/X ) forward prime broker for the Fund. MLAI may select other of its affiliates, or third parties, as F/X or other over-the-counter ( OTC ) prime brokers. MLPF S and MLI are BofA Corp. affiliates.  
     
  FuturesAccess is a group of managed futures funds sponsored by MLAI ( FuturesAccess Funds ).  FuturesAccess is exclusively available to investors that have investment accounts with Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, U.S. Trust and other divisions or affiliates of BofA Corp.  FuturesAccess Funds currently are composed of direct-trading funds advised by a single trading advisor. Although redemption terms vary among FuturesAccess Funds, FuturesAccess applies, with some exceptions, the same minimum investment amounts, fees and other operational criteria across all FuturesAccess Funds.  Each trading advisor participating in FuturesAccess employs different technical, fundamental, systematic and/or discretionary trading strategies.  
     
  Interests in the Fund are not insured or otherwise protected by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government authority.  Interests are not deposits or other obligations of, and are not guaranteed by, BofA Corp. or by any bank.  Interests are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of the full amount invested.  
     
  The Fund considers all highly liquid investments, with a maturity of three months or less when acquired, to be cash equivalents classified as Level II within the fair value hierarchy discussed in Note 3. As of September 30, 2016, the Fund holds cash equivalents. Cash was held at a nationally recognized financial institution.  
     
  In the opinion of management, these interim financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the financial position of the Fund as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the results of its operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  However, the operating results for the interim periods may not be indicative of the results for the full year.  
     
 9   

Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) have been omitted.  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Fund s report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     
   Estimates   
     
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material.  
     
 10   

2.                 CONDENSED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS 
     
  The Fund s investments, defined as unrealized profit (loss) on open contracts on the Statements of Financial Condition, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as follows:  
     
    September 30, 2016    

December 31, 2015    

*Currencies-Forwards present notional amounts as converted to USD.  
     
  No individual contract s unrealized profit or loss comprised greater than 5% of Members  Capital as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. With respect to each commodity industry sector listed in the above chart, the net unrealized profit (loss) on open positions is the sum of the unrealized profits (losses) of long positions and short positions, netting unrealized losses against unrealized profits as applicable. Net unrealized profit and loss provides a rough measure of the exposure of the Fund to the various sectors as of the date listed, although such exposure can change at any time.  
     
 11   

3.                 FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENTS 
     
  Fair value of an investment is the amount that would be received to sell the investment in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e. the exit price). All investments (including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments) are held for trading purposes.  The investments are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (described below) at the measurement date. Investments denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date. Profits or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated.  Unrealized profits or losses on open contracts are included in Equity in commodity trading accounts on the Statements of Financial Condition.  Any change in net unrealized profit or loss from the preceding period/year is reported in the respective Statements of Operations.  
     
  The fair value measurement guidance established by U.S. GAAP is a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring investments at fair value. Market price observability is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of investment and the characteristics specific to the investment. Investments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.  
     
  Investments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following categories:  
     
  Level I   Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. The type of investments included in Level I are publicly traded investments. As required by the fair market value measurement guidance in U.S. GAAP, the Fund does not adjust the quoted price for these investments even in situations where the Fund holds a large position and a sale could reasonably impact the quoted price.  
     
  Level II   Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date, and fair value is determined through the use of generally accepted and understood models or other valuation methodologies. Investments which are generally included in this category are investments valued using market data.  
     
  Level III   Pricing inputs are unobservable and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. Fair value for these investments is determined using valuation methodologies that consider a range of factors, including but not limited to the nature of the investment, local market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance and financing transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment. Due to the inherent uncertainty of these estimates, these values may differ materially from the values that would have been used had a ready market for these investments existed.  
     
  In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. MLAI s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the investment.  
     
  The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for investments, as well as the general classification of such investments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy.  
     
 12   

Exchange traded investments are fair valued by the Fund by using the reported closing price on the primary exchange where such investments are traded.  These closing prices are observed through the clearing broker and third party pricing services. For non-exchange traded investments, quoted values and other data provided by nationally recognized independent pricing sources are used as inputs into the process for determining fair values.  
     
  The Fund has determined that Level I investments would include its futures and options contracts where it believes that quoted prices are available in an active market.  
     
  Where the Fund believes that quoted market prices are not available or that the market is not active, fair values are estimated by using observable prices of investments with similar characteristics and these are generally classified as Level II investments. The Fund determined that Level II investments would include its forwards and certain futures contracts.  
     
  Transfers of investments between different levels of the fair value hierarchy, if any, are recorded as of the beginning of the reporting period. There were no transfers to or from any level during the three or nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 or the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     
  The Fund s unrealized profit (loss) on open forwards and futures contracts, by the above fair value hierarchy levels, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are as follows:  
     
   2016   

13   

2015   

The Fund s volume of trading forwards and futures as of the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31, 2015 are representative of the activity throughout these periods.  
     
  The Fund engages in the speculative trading of futures, options on futures and forward contracts on a wide range of commodities. Such contracts meet the definition of a derivative as noted in the ASC guidance for accounting for derivative and hedging activities. The fair value amounts of, and the net profits and losses on, derivative instruments are disclosed in the Statements of Financial Condition and Statements of Operations, respectively. There are no credit related contingent features embedded in these derivative contracts. The total notional, number of contracts and fair values of derivative instruments by contract type/commodity sector are disclosed in Note 2.  
     
  The Fund maintains margin deposits and cash collateral with its futures and forwards brokers, respectively, based on the greater of exchange margin or amounts determined by the respective broker. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the initial margin deposits (cash) are used to satisfy the margin requirements to establish the futures or forward contracts and are presented on the Statements of Financial Condition in Cash in the Equity in commodity trading accounts. The variation margin on open contracts is presented gross on the Statements of Financial Condition in Unrealized profit or loss on futures or forwards contracts, respectively. The Fund is subject to agreements which support the ability to settle net with its counterparties; however, the Fund has elected to present the related balances on the Statements of Financial Condition on a gross basis. The net of these amounts plus the restricted cash presented within the Cash in the Equity in commodity trading accounts on the Statements of Financial Condition represents the Fund s net exposure.  
     
  The following table indicates the trading profits and losses before brokerage commissions, by commodity industry sector for each of the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  
     
 14   

The Fund is subject to the risk of insolvency of a counterparty, an exchange, a clearinghouse, MLPF S or other BofA Corp. entities.  Fund assets could be lost or impounded during lengthy bankruptcy proceedings.  Were a substantial portion of the Fund s capital tied up in a bankruptcy or other similar types of proceedings, MLAI might suspend or limit trading, perhaps causing the Fund to miss significant profit opportunities.  There are increased risks in dealing with unregulated trading counterparties including the risk that assets may not benefit from the protection afforded to  customer funds  deposited with regulated dealers and brokers.  
     
  4.                 MARKET AND CREDIT RISKS 
     
  The nature of this Fund has certain risks, which cannot all be presented in the financial statements.  The following summarizes some of those risks.  
     
   Market Risk   
     
  Derivative instruments involve varying degrees of market risk.  Changes in the level or volatility of interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates or the market values of the financial instruments or commodities underlying such derivative instruments frequently result in changes in the Fund s unrealized profit (loss) on open contracts on such derivative instruments as reflected in the Statements of Financial Condition.  The Fund s exposure to market risk is influenced by a number of factors, including the relationships among the derivative instruments held by the Fund as well as the volatility and liquidity of the markets in which the derivative instruments are traded.  Investments in foreign markets may also entail legal and political risks.  
     
 15   

MLAI has procedures in place intended to control market risk exposure, although there can be no assurance that it will, in fact, succeed in doing so.  These procedures focus primarily on monitoring the trading of the Trading Advisor, calculating the Net Asset Value of the Fund as of the close of business on each day and reviewing outstanding positions for over-concentrations.  While MLAI does not intervene in the markets to hedge or diversify the Fund s market exposure, MLAI may urge the Trading Advisor to reallocate positions in an attempt to avoid over-concentrations.  However, such interventions are expected to be unusual.  It is expected that MLAI s basic risk control procedures will consist of the process of Trading Advisor monitoring, with the market risk controls being applied by the Trading Advisor.  
     
   Credit Risk   
     
  The risks associated with exchange-traded contracts are typically perceived to be less than those associated with over-the-counter (non-exchange-traded) transactions because exchanges typically (but not universally) provide clearinghouse arrangements in which the collective credit (in some cases limited in amount, in some cases not) of the members of the exchange/clearinghouse is pledged to support the financial integrity of the exchange/clearinghouse.  In over-the-counter transactions, on the other hand, traders must rely solely on the credit of their respective individual counterparties.  Margins, which may be subject to loss in the event of a default, are generally required in exchange traded contracts, and in the over-the-counter markets counterparties may also require margin. The credit risk associated with these instruments from counterparty nonperformance is the unrealized profit (loss) on open contracts, if any, included in the Statements of Financial Condition.  
     
  MLAI, as sponsor of the Fund, has a general policy of maintaining clearing and prime brokerage arrangements with BofA Corp. affiliates, such as MLPF S and MLI, although MLAI may engage non-BofA Corp. affiliated service providers as clearing brokers or prime brokers for the Fund. This policy may increase risk to the Fund by preventing the diversification of brokers used by the Fund.  
     
  The Fund, in its normal course of business, enters into various contracts, with MLPF S acting as its futures clearing broker and MLI as its forwards prime broker.  Due to the relationship with MLPF S, in the event of default, all futures balances are eligible for offset with a net settlement due to MLPF S.  Due to the relationship with MLI, in the event of default, all forwards balances are eligible for offset with a net settlement due to MLI.  
     
   Indemnifications   
     
  In the normal course of business, the Fund has entered, or may in the future, enter into agreements that obligate the Fund to indemnify certain parties, including BofA Corp. affiliates. No claims have actually been made with respect to such indemnities and any quantification would involve hypothetical claims that have not been made. Based on the Fund s experience, MLAI expects the risk of loss to be remote and, therefore, no provision has been recorded.  
     
 16   

5.                 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
     
  MLAI owns 48 Class D Units which represent less than 1% of the Fund s Net Asset Value as of September 30, 2016.  
     
  MLAI, the Fund and certain other FuturesAccess Funds, MLAI s HedgeAccess     Program of hedge funds and other BofA Corp. funds (each a  Serviced Fund  and collectively, the  Serviced Funds ) have entered into a transfer agency and investor services agreement with Financial Data Services, Inc. (the  Transfer Agent ), a wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. and affiliate of MLAI.  The Transfer Agent provides registrar, distribution disbursing agent, transfer agent and certain other services related to the issuance, redemption, exchange and transfer of Units.  The fees charged by the Transfer Agent for its services were 0.02% per year of the aggregate net assets of the Serviced Funds. The fee is paid monthly in arrears.  The  Transfer Agent also receives reimbursement for its out-of-pocket expenses and certain extraordinary expenses.  MLAI allocates the Transfer Agent fees to each of the Serviced Funds, including the Fund, on a monthly basis based on each Serviced Fund s net assets.   The Transfer Agent fee allocated to the Fund for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 amounted to $46,517 and $133,555, respectively. The Transfer Agent fee allocated to the Fund for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 amounted to $155,460 and $398,643, respectively, of which $51,706 and $59,827 was payable to the Transfer Agent as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
     
  Brokerage commissions, interest, net and  Sponsor fees, as presented on the Statements of Operations, are all received from or paid to related parties. Equity in commodity trading accounts, including cash and Unrealized profit (loss), as presented on the Statements of Financial Condition are held with a related party. 
     
  6.                 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
     
  Management has evaluated the impact of subsequent events on the Fund through the date the financial statements were issued and has determined that there were no subsequent events that require adjustments to, or disclosure in, the financial statements.  
     
  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     
  PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER UNIT  
     
  The Fund calculates the Net Asset Value per Unit of each Class of Units as of the last calendar day of each month, the fifteenth calendar day of each month and as of any other dates MLAI may determine in its discretion (each, a  Calculation Date ). The Fund s Net Asset Value as of any Calculation Date generally equals the value of the Fund s account under the management of the Trading Advisor as of that date, plus any other assets held by the Fund, minus accrued Sponsor, management and performance fees, trading liabilities, including brokerage commissions, any offering or operating costs, and all other liabilities of the Fund.  MLAI or its delegates are authorized to make all Net Asset Value determinations.  
     
  MLAI believes that the Net Asset Value used to calculate subscription and redemption value and to report performance to investors is a useful performance measure for the investors of the Fund.  Therefore, the charts below are referencing Net Asset Value at each Calculation Date.  
     
 17   

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS A  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS C  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS D  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS I  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS DS  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS DT  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS M  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS F  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS F1  

PERIOD-END NET ASSET VALUE PER INITIAL UNIT CLASS DI  

18   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
     
  The Fund borrows only to a limited extent and only on a strictly short-term basis in order to finance losses on non-U.S. dollar denominated trading positions pending the conversion of the Fund s U.S. dollar deposits.  These borrowings are at a prevailing short-term rate in the relevant currency.  
     
  Substantially all of the Fund s assets are held in cash with the brokers. Changes in interest rates could cause periods of strong up or down price trends, during which the Fund s profit or loss potential might increase.  Inflation in commodity prices could also generate price movements, which the strategies might successfully follow.  The Fund should be able to close out its open trading positions and liquidate its holdings relatively quickly and at market prices, except in unusual circumstances.  This typically permits the Fund to limit losses as well as reduce market exposure on short notice should its strategies indicate doing so.  
     
  As a commodity pool, the Fund maintains an extremely large percentage of its assets in cash, which it must have available to post initial and variation margin on futures contracts.  This cash is also used to fund redemptions.  While the Fund has the ability to fund redemption proceeds from liquidating positions, as a practical matter positions are not liquidated to fund redemptions.  In the event that positions were liquidated to fund redemptions, MLAI, as the manager of the Fund, has the ability to override decisions of the Trading Advisor to fund redemptions if necessary, but in practice the Trading Advisor would determine in its discretion which investments should be liquidated.  
     
  For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, Fund capital decreased 7.58% from $1,024,143,098 to $946,494,260.  This decrease was attributable to the net income from operations of $9,923,442 coupled with the redemption of 105,070,107 redeemable Units resulting in an outflow of $144,892,632.  The cash outflow was offset with cash inflow of $57,320,352 due to subscriptions of 35,566,301 Units.  Future redemptions could impact the amount of funds available for investment in commodity contract positions in subsequent months.  
     
  Critical Accounting Policies  
     
  Statement of Cash Flows  
     
  The Fund is not required to provide a Statement of Cash Flows.  
     
  Investments  
     
  All investments (including derivatives) are held for trading purposes.  Investments are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described below) at the measurement date.  Investments denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date.  Profits or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated.  Unrealized profits or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in commodity trading accounts on the Statements of Financial Condition.  Realized profits or losses and any change in net unrealized profits or losses from the preceding period are reported in the Statements of Operations.  
     
 19   

Fair Value Measurements  
     
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  For more information on the Fund s treatment of fair value, see Financial Statements Note 3, Fair Value of Investments.  
     
  Futures Contracts  
     
  The Fund trades exchange listed futures contracts.  A listed futures contract is a firm commitment to buy or sell a standardized quantity of an underlying asset over a specified duration.  The Fund buys and sells contracts based on indices of financial assets such as stocks, domestic and global stock indices, as well as contracts on various physical commodities. Prices paid or received on these contracts are determined by the ask or bid provided by the exchanges on which they are traded.   Contracts may be settled in physical form or cash settled depending upon the contract.  Upon the execution of a trade, margin requirements determine the amount of cash that must be on deposit to secure the transaction.  These amounts are considered restricted cash on the Fund s Statements of Financial Condition.  Contracts are priced daily by the Fund and the profit or loss is based on the daily mark to market and is recorded as unrealized profit (loss).  When the contract is closed, the Fund records a realized profit or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed.  Because transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures broker or directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded, credit exposure is limited.  Realized profit (loss), net and change in unrealized profit (loss), net on futures contracts are recognized in the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively and are included in the Statements of Operations.  The Fund also trades futures contracts on the London Metals Exchange (LME). The valuation pricing for LME contracts is based on action of a committee that incorporates prices from the most liquid trading sessions of the day and can also rely on other inputs such as supply and demand factors and bids and asks from open outcry sessions.  
     
  Forward Foreign Currency Contracts  
     
  Foreign currency contracts are those contracts where the Fund agrees to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of foreign currency for an agreed-upon price on an agreed future date.  Foreign currency contracts are valued daily, and the Fund s net equity therein, representing unrealized profit or loss on the contracts as measured by the difference between the forward foreign exchange rates at the dates of entry into the contracts and the forward rates at the reporting date, is included in the Statements of Financial Condition.  Realized profit (loss), net and change in unrealized profit (loss), net on foreign currency contracts are recognized in the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively and are included in the Statements of Operations.  
     
  Interest Rates and Income  
     
   BofA Corp. s  Interest Earning Program , which offers interest on cash balances subject to a negotiated schedule, will generally apply to Fund cash assets during any time they are maintained by MLAI with its affiliates. The present interest rate under the Interest Earning Program on U.S. dollar cash balances is the daily  effective federal funds rate less 20 basis points, recalculated and accrued daily, and subject to a floor of 0%, except for currencies designated by MLPF S as  negative interest rate currencies .  MLPF S deposits certain of the Fund s assets as margin or collateral with clearinghouses and/or depositories.  As a  
     
 20   

result of the present low interest rate environment, these clearinghouses and depositories charge MLPF S fees to account for the negative interest rates on cash balances for certain currencies, which may change from time to time.  Accordingly, MLPF S charges the Fund a  negative interest rate fee  for any currencies designated by MLPF S as a  negative interest rate currency .  
     
  Income Taxes  
     
  No provision for income taxes has been made in the accompanying financial statements as each investor is individually responsible for reporting income or loss based on such investor s share of the Fund s income and expenses as reported for income tax purposes.  
     
  The Fund follows the ASC guidance on accounting for uncertain tax positions. This guidance provides how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the financial statements.  This guidance also requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Fund s financial statements to determine whether the tax positions are  more-likely-than-not  to be sustained by the applicable tax authority.  Tax positions with respect to tax at the Fund level not deemed to meet the  more-likely-than-not  threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year.  A prospective investor should be aware that, among other things, income taxes could have a material adverse effect on the periodic calculations of the Net Asset Value of the Fund, including reducing the Net Asset Value of the Fund to reflect reserves for income taxes, such as foreign withholding taxes, that may be payable by the Fund. This could cause benefits or detriments to certain investors, depending upon the timing of their entry and exit from the Fund. MLAI has analyzed the Fund s tax positions and has concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Fund s financial statements. The following is the major tax jurisdiction for the Fund and the earliest tax year subject to examination: United States   2012.  
     
  Reform Act  
     
  The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act amended the definition of  eligible contract participant  and the Fund expects to meet the amended definition as it applies to trading in  retail forex  transactions so long as its total assets exceed $10 million.  If the Fund does not meet the definition of  eligible contract participant  for purposes of trading in  retail forex  transactions, it could lead to the Fund being unable to trade such transactions in the interbank market and bearing higher upfront and mark-to-market margin, less favorable trade pricing, and the possible imposition of new or increased fees.   Retail forex  markets available to parties that do not meet the definition of  eligible contract participant  could also be significantly less liquid than the interbank market.  Moreover, the creditworthiness of the counterparties with whom the Fund may be required to trade in such circumstances could be significantly weaker than the creditworthiness of MLI and the currency forward counterparties with which the Fund would otherwise engage for its currency forward transactions.  
     
 21   

Results of Operations  
     
   January 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016   
     
   January 1, 2016 to March 31, 2016   
     
  The Fund experienced a net trading profit of $26,915,914 before brokerage commissions and related fees in the first quarter of 2016. The Fund s profits were primarily attributable to the interest rates, energy and agriculture sectors. The currency, stock indices and metal sectors posted losses.  
     
  The interest rate sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the quarter as the Euribor and Bunds futures prices both recovered their December losses during January. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter due to profits in Eurodollar, Bund and Japanese government bond futures prices.  Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. In U.S. government bonds, yields rose for the first half of March only to fall by month end. The Trading Program was reducing its position in these markets during March, and hence incurred losses.  
     
  The energy sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the quarter as the Trading Program continued to follow the crude oil price lower amid rising stockpiles and the removal of sanctions on Iran. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. A steady and profitable downwards trend in natural gas prices outshone the Trading Program s crude oil positioning, which made minimal gains in February after relatively strong performance in January. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  The Fund gave up part of its year-to-date profits within energies as the West Texas Intermediate crude prices went up per barrel in March.  
     
  The agriculture sector posted profits to the Fund.  Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning through the middle of the quarter. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Trading Program s short exposure in crops futures.  
     
  The currency sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the quarter which was reversed in the middle of the quarter. One of the most notable developments in February was the British pound sliding lower versus the U.S. dollar as heightened concerns around  Brexit  took hold   that is the possibility of Britain exiting the European Union. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter where strengthening euro- and sterling-U.S. dollar exchange rates and an upwards shift in the eurodollar term structure led to the most notable detractors.  
     
  The stock indices sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the quarter which reversed in the middle of the quarter. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter as global stock markets were steadier in February as compared with January. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Trading Program s short exposure to the equity markets.  
     
  The metals sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the quarter through the middle of the quarter. The Trading Program s short position to a rising gold price detracted from performance. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
 22   

April 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016   
     
  The Fund experienced a net trading profit of $20,476,516 before brokerage commissions and related fees in the second quarter of 2016. The Fund s profits were primarily attributable to interest rates, currency and metal sectors. The energy, stock indices and agriculture sectors posted losses.  
     
  The interest rate sector posted profits to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter as long positions in bonds and short-term interest rates weighed on returns. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the second quarter as the German bunds led the bond sector returns. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Trading Program s positions in short-term interest rate futures.  
     
  The currency sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter due to the Trading Program s long positions in the Japanese yen, which rallied at the end of April after the Bank of Japan decided against further monetary easing. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. The Trading Program s long positioning in the Japanese yen and the Australian dollar held back returns. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
  The metals sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter due to the Trading Program s long positions in precious metals. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the second quarter as an increased exposure to gold was responsible for most of the negative performance from the precious metals sector. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Trading Program s gold positions.  
     
  The energy sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the quarter. The rising prices caused the Trading Program s short positions to detract from performance, particularly in heating oil futures which rose in value during April. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle through the end of the quarter.  
     
  The stock indices sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the second quarter as global stock markets rose in May. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter as there were sell-offs in global stock market.  
     
  The agriculture sector posted losses to the Fund.  Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter. The crops sector was an area that detracted from performance as corn and soybean prices surged in response to poor weather conditions in South America. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle through the end of the quarter. Crops performed well after a difficult April thanks largely to profits from trading in soybeans.  
     
   July 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016   
     
  The Fund experienced a net trading loss of $11,753,907 before brokerage commissions and related fees in the third quarter of 2016. The Fund s profits were primarily attributable to stock indices and currency sectors. The agriculture, metals, interest rates and energy sectors posted losses.  
     
  The stock indices sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter. The Trading Program s long positions in stock indices, particularly in the U.S. S P 500 was the  
     
 23   

biggest contributor to performance. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter due to the Trading Program s long positions in stock indices particularly in the Hang Seng. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter despite negative headlines around the European banking sector weighing on the Eurostoxx 50 and the DAX.  
     
  The currency sector posted profits to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter. Performance was driven by market movements towards the end of July as a strengthening Euro hurt the Trading Program s short position in the shared currency. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter as the U.S. dollar weighed on the Trading Program s long positioning against the Japanese yen. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Trading Program s long positions in the Japanese yen.  
     
  The agriculture sector posted losses to the Fund.  Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter. Profits were reduced by the Trading Program s long positions in crops and returns in the crops sector were held back after soybean markets sold off on forecasts of favorable growing conditions. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter only to be reversed at the end of the quarter.  
     
  The metals sector posted losses to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter due to the Trading Program s long positions in precious metals. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. The Trading Program s gains from short positions were undone by losses in long positions amid generally falling prices. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. The Trading Program started September with profits in precious metals but the European Central Bank announcing that it had not discussed extending its quantitative easing program triggered a market selloff and dragged performance into negative territory.  
     
  The interest rate sector posted losses to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter due to the Trading Program s long positions in bonds. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. Hawkish comments from Janet Yellen and Stanley Fischer, the respective chair and vice-chair of the U.S. Federal Reserve, increased expectations of a further U.S. rate rise in 2016 which led to losses from the Trading Program s long positions in U.S. government bonds. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. The Trading Program s long positions in U.S. government bonds undid profits earned in German government bonds.  
     
  The energy sector posted losses to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter due the Trading Program s short positions in energy. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. The Trading Program s short positions suffered as crude oil rallied during the first half of August on hopes of a production freeze. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
   January 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015   
     
   January 1, 2015 to March 31, 2015   
     
  The Fund experienced a net trading profit of $64,125,347 before brokerage commissions and related fees in the first quarter of 2015. The Fund s profits were primarily attributable to the interest rates, currency, stock indices, agriculture and energy sectors. The metals sector posted losses.  
     
  The interest rate sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the first quarter as long positions in European bonds benefited from the Quantitative Easing announced by the European Central Bank U.S. government bonds also closed January higher. Losses were posted to the Fund in  
     
 24   

the middle of the quarter. Encouraging U.S. employment data and speculation of a rate hike later this year saw a sell-off in U.S. fixed income securities during the first half of February. Fed Chair Janet Yellen s testimony to Congress at the end of February reversed this somewhat, but not enough for the Fund s long fixed income positions to have avoided losses. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. The Fund made gains in fixed income markets, with notable contributions from Bunds and Eurodollars.  
     
  The currency sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the first quarter.  Swiss Central Bank announced the decision to remove the cap on the strength of the Swiss franc against the Euro. Intertwined with this was the European Central Bank affirming their commitment to Quantitative Easing, followed by the election of an anti-austerity government in Greece. The net effect on the Fund s currency positions was a loss in the CHF-USD position being offset by a gain in the EUR-USD position. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter as the British pound rallied against the U.S dollar, returning to where it started the year and causing the Fund s short position to make a loss. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. The short position on the Euro against the U.S. dollar made a significant positive contribution.  
     
  The stock indices sector posted profits to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the first quarter. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. The Fund made gains in its long stock index positions. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
  The agriculture sector posted profits to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the first quarter only to be reversed in the middle of the quarter.  Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
  The energy sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the first quarter. Crude oil continued to fall. This benefited the Fund s short futures positions in the energy sector and also assisted the cash equity systems, which continue to be net short energies. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter as the Fund made small losses on its short energy positions. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Fund s short positions in energies.  
     
  The metals sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning and middle of the first quarter. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. The Fund s short position in copper made losses after cooper rallied with news of the world s second largest copper mine halting production over labor protests.  
     
   April 1, 2015 to June 30, 2015   
     
  The Fund experienced a net trading loss of $70,087,961 before brokerage commissions and related fees in the second quarter of 2015. The Fund s profits were primarily attributable to the metal sector. The agriculture, stock indices, energy, currency and interest rate sectors posted losses.  
     
  The metals sector posted profits to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning through the middle of the second quarter. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Fund s short positions in gold.  
     
  The agriculture sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. Coffee and sugar prices continued to  
     
 25   

decline, further profiting the Fund s short positions. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter as heavy rains in the U.S. Midwest hampered crop prospects, adversely affecting the Fund s short grain positions.  
     
  The stock indices sector posted losses to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter. Stock index positions gave up some of their earlier gains in the selloff, but still managed to post an overall profit at the end of April. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter as the Nikkei had a strong month of May. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
  The energy sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter due to the Fund s short energy positions. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter as the prices of oil stabilized. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Fund s short positions in energies.  
     
  The currency sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter due to the Fund s long U.S. dollar exposure. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter due to the Fund s short Japanese yen position, which was trading at a weak level relative to the U.S. dollar. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due the Fund s short Euro position.  
     
  The interest rate sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the second quarter. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. Responsive monetary policy action from central banks, including the implementation of quantitative easing in Europe, apparently reduced concerns of further downside risks to inflation, contributing to some sharp moves lower for bond prices. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. An increase in U.S. non-farm payrolls and positive economic data contributed to U.S government bond higher yields. Fixed income positions suffered, particularly short term interest rates.  
     
   July 1, 2015 to September 30, 2015   
     
  The Fund experienced a net trading profit of $27,889,609 before brokerage commissions and related fees in the third quarter of 2015. The Fund s profits were primarily attributable to the interest rate, energy, metals and agriculture sectors. The currency and stock indices sectors posted losses.  
     
  The interest rate sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter. In July, gains came from short term interest rates. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter as the Fund s losses in stock indices and currencies were offset by gains in bonds. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter due to the Fund s retracement of stock markets which was accompanied by a rise in fixed income. This meant the Fund s long exposure to government bonds and short-term rates was the main driver of September s profits.  
     
  The energy sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter. Strong performance from the Fund s energy positions overturned the sector s year-to-date losses. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. Energy markets continued to be big contributors to movements in the Fund, with short exposure to crude oil prices leading the energy sector to deliver profits.  
     
  The metals sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter due to the Fund s short positions in gold, which benefitted from the metal s slide. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter due to the Fund s position in precious metals.  Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
 26   

The agriculture sector posted profits to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter. Profits were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter. Both corn and wheat rallied in September, meaning that the Fund s recently enlarged short positions made losses.  
     
  The currency sector posted losses to the Fund. Profits were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter. Currencies were one of the worst performing sectors driven mainly by the Euro and Chinese yuan. Losses were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
  The stock indices sector posted losses to the Fund. Losses were posted to the Fund at the beginning of the third quarter. Losses were posted to the Fund in the middle of the quarter as the indices were one of the worst performing sectors driven mainly by the S P500. Profits were posted to the Fund at the end of the quarter.  
     
  The Fund has no applicable off-balance sheet arrangements or tabular disclosure of contractual obligations of the type described in Items 303(a)(4) and 303(a)(5) of Regulation S-K.  
     
  Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     
   Introduction   
     
  The Fund is a speculative commodity pool. The market sensitive instruments held by it are acquired for speculative trading purposes and all or substantially all of the Fund s assets are subject to the risk of trading loss.  Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not incidental, to the Fund s main line of business.  
     
  Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair market value of the Fund s open positions and, consequently, in its earnings and cash flow. The Fund s market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of interest rates, exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Fund s open positions and the liquidity of the markets in which it trades.  
     
  The Fund, under the direction of the Trading Advisor, rapidly acquires and liquidates both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets.  Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Fund s past performance is not necessarily indicative of its future results.  
     
  Value at Risk is a measure of the maximum amount which the Fund could reasonably be expected to lose in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Fund s speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Fund of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Fund s experience to date (i.e.  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future projections, the quantifications included in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Fund s losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the Fund s attempts to manage its market risk.  
     
 27   

Quantifying The Fund s Trading Value At Risk  
     
   Quantitative Forward-Looking Statements   
     
  The following quantitative disclosures regarding the Fund s market risk exposures contain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 ( Securities Act ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Securities Exchange Act )). All quantitative disclosures in this section are deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor, except for statements of historical fact.  
     
  The Fund s risk exposure in the various market sectors traded by the Trading Advisor is quantified below in terms of Value at Risk.  Due to the Fund s fair value accounting, any loss in the fair value of the Fund s open positions is directly reflected in the Fund s earnings (realized or unrealized) and cash flow (in the case of exchange-traded contracts in which profits and losses on open positions are settled daily through variation margin).  
     
  Exchange maintenance margin requirements have been used by the Fund as the measure of its Value at Risk.  Maintenance margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum loss in the fair value of any given contract incurred in 95%-99% of the one-day time periods included in the historical sample (generally approximately one year) researched for purposes of establishing margin levels.  The maintenance margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation.  
     
  In the case of market sensitive instruments which are not exchange-traded (almost exclusively currencies in the case of the Fund), the margin requirements for the equivalent futures positions have been used as Value at Risk.  In those rare cases in which a futures-equivalent margin is not available, dealers  margins have been used.  
     
  100% positive correlation in the different positions held in each market risk category has been assumed.  Consequently, the margin requirements applicable to the open contracts have been aggregated to determine each trading category s aggregate Value at Risk.  The diversification effects resulting from the fact that the Fund s positions are rarely, if ever, 100% positively correlated have not been reflected.  
     
   The Fund s Trading Value at Risk in Different Market Sectors   
     
  The following table indicates the average, highest and lowest trading Value at Risk associated with the Fund s open positions by market category for the fiscal period. For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Fund s average capitalization was $989,845,683 and $1,061,144,115, respectively.  
     
 28   

September 30, 2016    

September 30, 2015    

Material Limitations on Value at Risk as an Assessment of Market Risk   
     
  The face value of the market sector instruments held by the Fund is typically many times the applicable maintenance margin requirement (maintenance margin requirements generally ranging between approximately 1% and 10% of contract face value) as well as many times the capitalization of the Fund.  The magnitude of the Fund s open positions creates a  risk of ruin  not typically found in most other investment vehicles.  Because of the size of its positions, certain market conditions   unusual, but historically recurring from time to time   could cause the Fund to incur severe losses over a short period of time.   The foregoing Value at Risk table   as well as the past performance of the Fund   gives no indication of this  risk of ruin.   
     
  Non-Trading Risk  
     
  Foreign Currency Balances; Cash on Deposit with MLPF S and MLI  
     
  The Fund has non-trading market risk on its foreign cash balances not needed for margin. However, these balances (as well as the market risk they represent) are immaterial.  
     
  The Fund also has non-trading market risk on approximately 90% of its assets which are held in cash at MLPF S. The value of this cash is not interest rate sensitive, but there is cash flow risk in that if interest rates decline so will the cash flow generated on these monies.  
     
 29   

Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Primary Trading Risk Exposures  
     
  The following qualitative disclosures regarding the Fund s market risk exposures   except for (i) those disclosures that are statements of historical fact and (ii) the descriptions of how the Fund manages its primary market risk exposures   constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act. The Fund s primary market risk exposures as well as the strategies used and to be used by MLAI and the Trading Advisor for managing such exposures are subject to numerous uncertainties, contingencies and risks, any one of which could cause the actual results of the Fund s risk controls to differ materially from the objectives of such strategies. Government interventions, defaults and expropriations, illiquid markets, the emergence of dominant fundamental factors, political upheavals, changes in historical price relationships, an influx of new market participants, increased regulation and many other factors could result in material losses as well as in material changes to the risk exposures and the risk management strategies of the Fund. There can be no assurance that the Fund s current market exposure and/or risk management strategies will not change materially or that any such strategies will be effective in either the short- or long-term. Investors must be prepared to lose all or substantially all of the time value of their investment in the Fund.  
     
  The following were the primary trading risk exposures of the Fund as of December 31, 2015 by market sector. There have been no material changes at September 30, 2016.  
     
   Interest Rates   
     
  Interest rate movements directly affect the price of derivative sovereign bond positions held by the Fund and indirectly the value of its stock index and currency positions. Interest rate movements in one country as well as relative interest rate movements between countries may materially impact the Fund s profitability. The Fund s primary interest rate exposure is to interest rate fluctuations in the United States and the other G-7 countries.  However, the Fund may also take positions in the government debt of smaller nations. MLAI anticipates that G-7 interest rates will remain the primary market exposure of the Fund for the foreseeable future.  
     
   Currencies   
     
  The Fund trades in a number of currencies. However, the Fund s major exposures have typically been in the U.S. dollar/China renminbi, U.S. dollar/Euro and U.S. dollar/Indian rupee positions. The Fund does not anticipate that the risk profile of the Fund s currency sector will change significantly in the future. The currency trading Value at Risk figure includes foreign margin amounts converted into U.S. dollars with an incremental adjustment to reflect the exchange rate risk of maintaining VaR in a functional currency other than U.S. dollars.  
     
   Stock Indices   
     
  The Fund s primary equity exposure is due to various equity index price movements. The Fund is primarily exposed to the risk of adverse price trends or static markets in the major U.S., European and Asian indices.  
     
   Metals   
     
  The Fund s metals market exposure is to fluctuations in the price of precious and non-precious metals.  
     
 30   

Agricultural Commodities   
     
  The Fund s primary agricultural commodities exposure is to agricultural price movements which are often directly affected by severe or unexpected weather conditions. Soybeans, corn and livestock accounted for the substantial bulk of the Fund s agricultural commodities exposure.  
     
   Energy   
     
  The Fund s primary energy market exposure is to natural gas and crude oil price movements, often resulting from political developments in the Middle East. Oil prices can be volatile and substantial profits and losses have been and are expected to continue to be experienced in this market.  
     
  Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Non-Trading Risk Exposure  
     
  The following were the primary non-trading risk exposures of the Fund as of December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes at September 30, 2016.  
     
   Foreign Currency Balances   
     
  The Fund s primary foreign currency balances are in Japanese yen, British pounds and Euros.  
     
   U.S. Dollar Cash Balance   
     
  The Fund holds the vast majority of its U.S. dollars in cash at MLPF S and MLI. The Fund has immaterial cash flow interest rate risk on its cash on deposit with MLPF S in that declining interest rates would cause the income from such cash to decline.  
     
  Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Means of Managing Risk Exposure  
     
   Trading Risk   
     
  MLAI has procedures in place intended to control market risk, although there can be no assurance that they will, in fact, succeed in doing so.  While MLAI does not itself intervene in the markets to hedge or diversify the Fund s market exposure, MLAI may urge the Trading Advisor to reallocate positions in an attempt to avoid over-concentrations.  However, such interventions are unusual, except in cases in which it appears that the Trading Advisor has begun to deviate from past practice and trading policies or to be trading erratically. MLAI s basic control procedures consist of the process of monitoring the Trading Advisor with the market risk controls being applied by the Trading Advisor itself.  
     
  Risk Management  
     
  In respect of the Trading Program, the most important determinant of risk is the level of leverage. In order to determine the level of leverage, comprehensive information is required on the risks the Trading Program is taking, including the Trading Program s long- and short-term forecast value at risk using both standard and proprietary volatility models, stress-tested models of extreme value at risk (tail risk) using various proprietary methods, forecasts of extreme loss frequency and measures of margin employment and leverage. The Trading Advisor forecasts volatility in each market and the correlation between markets daily in order to forecast the overall volatility of the portfolio and to adjust leverage accordingly to manage portfolio risk.  The Trading Advisor s investment management committee is primarily responsible for managing investment risk, with oversight from the Trading Advisor s risk committee.  
     
 31   

This risk committee oversees the identification, assessment, management and monitoring of risks to which the Trading Program is exposed, including investment risk, counterparty risk, IT and security risks and regulatory risks.  
     
  Non-Trading Risk  
     
  The Fund controls the non-trading exchange rate risk by regularly converting foreign currency balances back into U.S. dollars at least once per week, and more frequently if a particular foreign currency balance becomes unusually high.  
     
  The Fund has cash flow interest rate risk on its cash on deposit with MLPF S in that declining interest rates would cause the income from such cash to decline. However, a certain amount of cash or cash equivalents must be held by the Fund in order to facilitate margin payments and pay expenses and redemptions. MLAI does not take any steps to limit the cash flow risk on its cash held on deposit at MLPF S.  
     
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
     
   Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
     
  MLAI s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, on behalf of the Fund, have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act) with respect to the Fund as of the end of the quarter which ended September 30, 2016, and, based on their evaluation, have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  
     
   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
     
  No change in internal control over financial reporting (in connection with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Fund s internal control over financial reporting.  
     
  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
     
  Item 1.                                  Legal Proceedings 
     
  None.  
     
  Item 1A.                 Risk Factors 
     
  There are no material changes from risk factors as previously disclosed in the Fund s report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2016.  
     
  Item 2.                          Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     
  (a)  Units are privately offered and sold to  accredited investors  (as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act) in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4 (a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 thereunder.  The selling agent of the Units is MLPF S. 
     
 32   

The Fund s sales of unregistered securities are as follows for each Class of Units.  
     
  CLASS A  

CLASS C  

CLASS D  

CLASS I  

33   

CLASS M  

CLASS F  

CLASS F1  

CLASS DI  

(1) Beginning of the period Net Asset Value  
     
 34   

Class A Units are subject to upfront sales commissions paid to MLPF S ranging from 1.0% to 2.5% of an investor s gross subscription amount. Class D Units and Class I Units are subject to upfront sales commissions paid to MLPF S up to 2.5% of an investor s gross subscription amount. Class F Units and Class G Units are subject to upfront sales commissions paid to MLPF S up to 0.5% of an investor s gross subscription amount. Sales commissions are directly deducted from subscription amounts.  Class C Units, Class DI Units, Class F1 Units and Class M Units are not subject to upfront sales commissions.  
     
  (b)            Not applicable. 
  (c)             Not applicable. 
     
  Item 3.                                  Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     
  None.  
     
  Item 4.                                  Mine Safety Disclosures 
     
  Not applicable.  
     
  Item 5.                                  Other Information 
     
  None.  
     
  Item 6.                                    Exhibits 
     
  The following exhibits are filed herewith to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q:  
     
  31.01 and  
  31.02                                            Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
     
   Exhibit 31.01   
   and 31.02                     Are filed herewith. 
     
  32.01 and  
  32.02                                            Section 1350 Certifications 
     
   Exhibit 32.01   
   and 32.02                     Are filed herewith. 
     
   Exhibit 101             Are filed herewith. 
     
  The following materials from the Fund s quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Statements of Financial Condition (ii) Statements of Operations (iii) Statements of Changes in Members  Capital (iv) Financial Data Highlights and (v) Notes to Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text.  
     
 35   

SIGNATURES   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

ML WINTON FUTURESACCESS   LLC           

By:       
 
  MERRILL LYNCH   ALTERNATIVE           

INVESTMENTS LLC           

(Manager)           

Date: November 14,   2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ NANCY FAHMY           

Nancy Fahmy           

Chief Executive Officer   and President           

(Principal Executive   Officer)           

Date: November 14,   2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ BARBRA E. KOCSIS           

Barbra E. Kocsis           

Chief Financial Officer           

(Principal Financial   Officer)              
     
 36   

<EX-31.01>
 2
 a16-17117_1ex31d01.htm
 EX-31.01

EXHIBIT 31.01   
     
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications   
     
  I, Nancy Fahmy, certify that:  
     
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ML Winton FuturesAccess LLC;  
     
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:   November 14, 2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ NANCY FAHMY           

Nancy Fahmy           

Chief Executive Officer   and President           

(Principal Executive   Officer)           

Merrill Lynch   Alternative Investments LLC           

Manager of the   registrant              
     
 1   

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 a16-17117_1ex31d02.htm
 EX-31.02

EXHIBIT 31.02   
     
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications   
     
  I, Barbra E. Kocsis, certify that:  
     
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ML Winton FuturesAccess LLC;  
     
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d - 15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
     
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
     
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
     
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
     
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
     
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
     
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
     
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14,   2016       
 
  By:       
 
  /s/ BARBRA E. KOCSIS           

Barbra E. Kocsis           

Chief Financial Officer           

(Principal Financial   Officer)           

Merrill Lynch   Alternative Investments LLC           

Manager of the   registrant              
     
 1   

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 a16-17117_1ex32d01.htm
 EX-32.01

EXHIBIT 32.01   
     
    Section 1350 Certification    
     
  In connection with this quarterly report of ML Winton FuturesAccess LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (this  Report ), I, Nancy Fahmy, Chief Executive Officer and President of Merrill Lynch Alternative Investments LLC, the manager of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
     
  1. This Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
     
  2. The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
     
  Date: November 14, 2016  

By:       
 
  /s/ NANCY FAHMY       

Nancy Fahmy       

Chief Executive Officer   and President       

(Principal Executive   Officer)       

1   

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 a16-17117_1ex32d02.htm
 EX-32.02

EXHIBIT 32.02   
     
    Section 1350 Certification    
     
  In connection with this quarterly report of ML Winton FuturesAccess LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (this  Report ), I, Barbra E. Kocsis, Chief Financial Officer of Merrill Lynch Alternative Investments LLC, the manager of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  
     
  1. This Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
     
  2. The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
     
  Date: November 14, 2016  

By:       
 
  /s/ BARBRA E. KOCSIS       

Barbra E. Kocsis       

Chief Financial Officer       

(Principal Financial   Officer)       

1   

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mlwf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mlwf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mlwf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mlwf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mlwf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mlwf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

