<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_1307969_0001683168-16-000378_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>785669</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>34486</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>77172</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>156497</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>245335</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>254912</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000378.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026144203
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000378
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		27
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			024 Pharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001307969
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		IRS NUMBER:				201862731
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-120490
		FILM NUMBER:		161952402

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		224 DATURA STREET
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(732) 696-9333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		224 DATURA STREET
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	B Green Innovations, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	iVoice Technology, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000378.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 bgnn_10q-093016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington,
D.C. 20549  

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For
the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

Commission
File No.   333-120490    

B
GREEN INNOVATIONS, INC.    

  (Exact
name of the Registrant as specified in Charter)  

Securities
registered under 12(b) of the Exchange Act:  None  

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None  

Indicate   by
check   mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    No    

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Act).  Yes  
 No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   
No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer     
      Accelerated
    filer      
 
       Non-accelerated
        filer     
          (Do
        not check if a smaller reporting company)   
      Smaller
    reporting company      

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of the issuer's common stock, as of the latest practical date: 336,354,321 shares of Class
A Common stock, no par value per share, and 134,410 shares of Class B common,
par value of $.01 per share, as of October 26, 2016.  

Table of Contents  

Page   
 
      Part I   Financial Information  

Item 1.  
      Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited):  

Condensed Balance Sheets   
      3   

Condensed Statements of Earnings   
      4   

Condensed Statements of Retained Earning  
      5   

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
     6  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations  
     10  

Item 3.    
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     
      11   

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      11   

Part II   Other Information  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      12   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      12   

Item 3.   
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      12   

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      12   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      12   

Signatures  
     13  

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1.  Condensed Financial Statements    

B
GREEN INNOVATIONS, INC.   

   CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEET   

   (Unaudited)   

See
accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

B
GREEN INNOVATIONS, INC .  

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS   

   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

B
GREEN INNOVATIONS, INC.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF RETAINED EARNING   

   (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements.  

B GREEN INNOVATIONS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1 Background  

B Green Innovations, Inc., a Matawan, New
Jersey-based corporation, (OTC Pink  marketplace: BGNN), formerly iVoice Technology, Inc., ( B Green
Innovations  or the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of New Jersey on November 10, 2004 as a
wholly owned subsidiary of iVoice, Inc. ( iVoice ). In May 2008, the Company formed B Green Innovations, Inc.
( B Green ), a wholly-owned subsidiary to commercialize its  green  technology platforms. 

On November 17, 2009, pursuant to an Agreement
and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ), B Green Innovations, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of iVoice Technology,
Inc., merged into iVoice Technology, Inc. 

On July 28, 2009, the Board of Directors and
shareholders through written consent representing a majority of the total voting Class A and Class B Common stock voted to change
the name of the Company to B Green Innovations, Inc.  On November 20, 2009, the Company filed an Amendment to the Certificate
of Incorporation with the State of New Jersey to officially change the name of the Company. 

On October 8, 2016, the Registrant s
Board of Directors, acting pursuant to its Amended Articles of Incorporation, unanimously approved to change the name of the Registrant
from B Green Innovations, Inc. to 024 Pharma, Inc. by amending Article One of the Registrant s Articles of Incorporation.
The purpose of the name change is to more fully encapsulate the Registrant s current operations and business direction. The
New Jersey Secretary of State, effective October 12, 2016, processed the name change and the Registrant has filed for a symbol
change with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ). The Company will also obtain a new CUSIP number
in connection with the name change. 

Note 2 Business Operations  

024 Pharma, Inc. provides the best
nutrition in every area that matters. From vitamin and mineral supplements, stress release, joint and heart health, and weight-loss
products, skin care, healthy hair and anti-aging. 

024 Pharma, Inc. gives you what you
need to create healthier lives for you and your family. 

024 Pharma, Inc. is known in the
international market for its unique global shareholders system. Company promotes the concept of  People-oriented, Just and
Equitable  which received high appraisal from the majority of the personage from the industry. Everyone can join and become
a shareholder. Everyone can share the return on 024's Pharma, Inc's investment. 024 Pharma, Inc. is destined to become the most
influential and competitive shareholders group. 

024 Pharma s premium quality
products do more than improve people s health they transform their lives. Sourced, manufactured and tested against
the most rigorous quality standards, our unique product portfolio delivers more than over 220 personalized solutions to optimize
your health. 

Company s staff science team
formulates products with a relentless commitment to ingredient purity and potency. That s why customers trust theirr products
to deliver proven, repeatable results. 

024 Pharma make and package products
in their own facility, under conditions and guidelines that meet the most stringent global regulations. 

Outfitted with state-of-the-art instrumentation
and combining the skills of accomplished scientists, researchers and medical professionals, our research lab creates a unique environment
in which to pursue scientific discovery and advancement, and it is the hub of our product development and testing. 

Note 3 Going Concern  

The accompanying condensed financial statements
have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which contemplates
continuation of the Company as a going concern. 

Management plans to increase the development,
manufacture, and distribution of products to generate a positive cash flow. 

Note 4 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies  

a)    Basis of
Presentation 

The accompanying condensed unaudited
interim financial statements included herein have been prepared, without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The condensed financial statements and notes are presented as permitted
on Form 10-Q and do not contain information included in the Company's annual statements and notes. Certain information and
footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although the
Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. It is suggested that
these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the December 31, 2015 financial statements and the
accompanying notes thereto. While management believes the procedures followed in preparing these condensed financial
statements are reasonable, the accuracy of the amounts are in some respects dependent upon the facts that will exist, and
procedures that will be accomplished by the Company later in the year. These results are not necessarily indicative of the
results to be expected for the full year. 

These condensed unaudited financial statements
reflect all adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary to present
fairly the operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

b)    Use of
Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

c)    Revenue
Recognition 

In addition to cash flow generated
from sale of natural supplements such as: 

Diabetes    

Lung cleanse    

Seal oil    

Prostate    

Stress less    

Company intends to produce the  health
phone  that will significantly increase demand in their product and enlarge the product purchase. Clients will be able to
purchase products through this smartphone and it contains application that measure heartbeat, calories, fat, excises schedule etc.
The most important thing is that clients will have this option to talk to health specialists. 

d)    Product Warranties 

The Company estimates its warranty costs based
on historical warranty claims experience in estimating potential warranty claims. Management has determined that warranty costs
are immaterial and has not included an accrual for potential warranty claims. Presently, costs related to warranty coverage are
expensed as incurred. Warranty claims are reviewed quarterly to verify that warranty liabilities properly reflect any remaining
obligation based on the anticipated expenditures over the balance of the obligation period. 

e)    Research
and Development Costs 

Research and development costs are charged
to expense when incurred. The Company has not incurred any research and development costs for the nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

f)    Advertising
Costs 

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred
and are included in selling expenses. The Company has incurred advertising costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
it counts $19,210.46 USD. 

g)    Cash and
Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid
investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. There were no cash equivalents
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company maintains cash balances at financial institutions that are
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) up to federally insured limits. At times balances
may exceed FDIC insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

h)   Concentration
of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of trade accounts receivable and cash. As of September
30, 2016 the Company believes it has no significant risk related to its concentration within its accounts receivable. 

j)    Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are non-interest bearing
obligations due under normal trade terms. Senior management reviews accounts receivable on a monthly basis to determine if any
receivables will be potentially uncollectible. Historical bad debts and current economic trends are used in evaluating the allowance
for doubtful accounts. The Company includes any accounts receivable balances that are determined to be uncollectible, along with
a general reserve, in its overall allowance for doubtful accounts. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the
receivable is written off against the allowance. Based on the information available, the Company believes its allowance for doubtful
accounts as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is adequate. 

j)   Property and
Equipment 

Property and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method based upon the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally five to seven years.
Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

k)   Intangible Assets 

Registration and maintenance costs associated
with the filing and registration of patents are prepaid and amortized over the remaining life of the patent, not to exceed 20 years.
Costs associated with such patents are not approved or abandoned. 

l)   Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income taxes using
the asset and liability method described in FASB ASC 740. Deferred tax assets arise from a variety of sources, the most significant
being: a) tax losses that can be carried forward to be utilized against profits in future years; b) expenses recognized in the
books but disallowed in the tax return until the associated cash flow occurs; and c) valuation changes of assets which need to
be tax effected for book purposes but are deductible only when the valuation change is realized. 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates
and laws that are expected to be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. The measurement of deferred
tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefit, which is not more likely than not to be realized.
In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, future taxable income is estimated, considering the realization of tax loss carryforwards.
Valuation allowances related to deferred tax assets can also be affected by changes to tax laws, changes to statutory tax rates
and future taxable income levels. In the event it was determined, that the Company would not be able to realize all or a portion
of our deferred tax assets in the future, we would reduce such amounts through a charge to income in the period in which that determination
is made. Conversely, if we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of
the net carrying amounts, we would decrease the recorded valuation allowance through an increase to income in the period in which
that determination is made. In its evaluation of a valuation allowance, the Company takes into account existing contracts
and backlog, and the probability that options under these contract awards will be exercised as well as sales of existing products.
The Company prepares profit projections based on the revenue and expenses forecast to determine that such revenues will produce
sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred tax assets. 

The Company adopted FASB ASC 740-10-50, Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes. ASC 740-10-50 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC 740-10 requires that the Company
determine whether the benefits of its tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained upon audit based on the technical
merits of the tax position. The Company recognizes the impact of an uncertain income tax position taken on its income tax return
at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority.  

Despite the Company s belief that its
tax return positions are consistent with applicable tax laws, one or more positions may be challenged by taxing authorities. Settlement
of any challenge can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. 

Interest and penalties related to
income tax matters, if applicable, will be recognized as income tax expense. During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not incur any expense related to interest or penalties for income tax matters, and no such
amounts were accrued as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

m)     Fair Value
of Financial Instruments 

The carrying amounts reported in the
balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 for cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities,
accounts receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses other
current liabilities approximate the fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial
instruments.  The fair value of the debt approximates its carrying value at the stated discount rate of the debt to
reflect recent market conditions. 

n)     Long-Lived
Assets 

The Company assesses the recoverability of
the carrying value of its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of
an asset to future, undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by an asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired,
the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of
the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. No impairment
losses were recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

o) Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 There were various other updates recently
issued, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and
are not expected to a have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 2.    MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF  OPERATIONS   

Forward Looking Statements   

A number of the statements made by the Company
in this report may be regarded as  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. 

Forward-looking statements include, among others,
statements concerning the Company s outlook, pricing trends and forces within the industry, the completion dates of capital
projects, expected sales growth, cost reduction strategies and their results, long-term goals of the Company and other statements
of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters
that are not historical facts. 

All predictions as to future results contain
a measure of uncertainty and accordingly, actual results could differ materially.  Among the factors that could cause
a difference are:  changes in the general economy; changes in demand for the Company s products or in the cost
and availability of its raw materials; the actions of its competitors; the success of our customers; technological change; changes
in employee relations; government regulations; litigation, including its inherent uncertainty; difficulties in plant operations
and materials; transportation, environmental matters; and other unforeseen circumstances. For a discussion of material risks and
uncertainties that the Company faces, see the discussion in the Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 entitled
 Risk Factors . 

Results of Operations   

Total sales increased $ 360,871.13 (701.25%)
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase is caused by the
company business expansion strategy. The Company continues to evaluate additional products to add to its product line as well as
expanding its distribution channels. 

Gross profit increased $ 123,535.82 (454.94%)
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This increase is caused by the
company management and business model change. 

Total selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased $ 265,207.87 (72%) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. This
decrease was primarily the result of decreases in consulting and legal fees as compared to the prior year when the company was
closing on the new debt instruments. The company continues to curtail spending to conserve cash during this period of declining
revenues. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company had earnings from operations of $ 36,824.89. 

Total other expense decreased $ 170,253.00 for the nine months ended
September, 2016 as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily from decreases in amortization of debt discount and
losses on changes in valuation of derivatives and higher settlement expenses on debt to stock conversions. 

The net earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased
by $ 36,824.89, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily from the implementing of new product line, business
model. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company had a net increase in cash of $36,824.89. 

There was no significant impact on the Company s operations
as a result of inflation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

The discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us
to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to bad debts,
inventory obsolescence, intangible assets, payroll tax obligations, and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of certain assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. 

We have identified below the accounting policy
on revenue recognition, related to what we believe is the most critical to our business operations and is discussed throughout
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation where such policy affects our reported and
expected financial results. 

Revenue Recognition  

For natural supplements, revenues
are recognized at the time of shipment to, or acceptance by customer, provided title and risk of loss is transferred to the customer.
Provisions, when appropriate, are made where the right to return exists. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company did not engage in any material off-balance sheet activities nor have any relationships or arrangements with unconsolidated
entities established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.
Further, the Company has not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities nor do they have any commitment or intent to
provide additional funding to any such entities. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

We do not hold any derivative instruments and
do not engage in any hedging activities. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

Management of the Company has evaluated,
with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, the effectiveness of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered
by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company had concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures as of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q were not effective for the following reasons: 

a)           The
Company has limited segregation of duties amongst its employees with respect to the Company's control activities. This deficiency
is the result of the Company's limited number of employees. This deficiency may affect management's ability to determine if errors
or inappropriate actions have taken place. Management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship
of possible changes in our disclosure controls and procedures. 

b)           The
Company's has a limited number of external board members. This deficiency may give the impression to the investors that the board
is not independent from management. Management and the Board of Directors are required to apply their judgment in evaluating the
cost-benefit relationship of possible changes in the organization of the Board of Directors. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting .   

Management of the Company has also
evaluated, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, any change in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and determined that there
was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  

We are currently not involved
in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency,
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company, threatened
against or affecting our company, our common stock. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

There were no unregistered sales of the Company s
equity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior
Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item
6.  Exhibits   

31.1  
         
      Certification required under Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.1  
         
      Certification required under Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      101.CAL  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
         
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension
    Presentation Linkbase Document    

SIGNATURES  

  Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

B
    GREEN INNOVATIONS, INC.   

Date:
    October 26, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
      Miro Zecevic  

Miro
    Zecevic  

Chief
    Executive Officer and  

Chief
    Financial Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bgnn_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1  

CERTIFICATION   

   PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

   THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 PURSUANT TO    REGULATION  

  SS.240.15D-14 AS PROMULGATED BY  

   THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION   

I,
Miro Zecevic, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
pursuant to Regulation ss.240.15d-14 as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, that:  

1.   I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of B Green Innovations, Inc.  

2.   Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.   Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.   I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the
registrant and have:  

a)   Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such control and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)   Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)   Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation, and  

d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.   I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

(b)    Any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.    

Date:
    October 26, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
      Miro Zecevic  

Miro Zecevic  

Chief Executive Officer and  

Chief
    Financial Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 bgnn_10q-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

Section 1350 Certification  

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of B Green Innovations, Inc. Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certify,
pursuant to and solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  

1.  The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and  

2.  The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Date:
    October 26, 2016    
      By:  
      /s/
      Miro Zecevic  

Miro Zecevic  

Chief Executive Officer and  

Chief
    Financial Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 none-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 none-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 none-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 none-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 none-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 none-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

