<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1619917_0001564590-16-029161_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11057499</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>607961</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>360751</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2832776</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3440000</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2168460</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>177</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029161.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114120118
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029161
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Patriot National, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001619917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		IRS NUMBER:				464151376
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36804
		FILM NUMBER:		161992487

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 E. LAS OLAS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1650
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 670-2900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 E. LAS OLAS BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1650
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029161.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 pn-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

pn-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from                      to                      
 Commission File Number: 001-36804 
   
 Patriot National, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
 
 46-4151376  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

401 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1650 
 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (954) 670-2900 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes          No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes          No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes          No         
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding on November 14, 2016 was 26,856,799. 

PATRIOT NATIONAL,   INC.  
 FORM 10-Q 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No.  

PART I Financial Information    

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements.    

1  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015    

1  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and  September 30, 2015    

2  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and       September 30, 2015    

3  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and  September 30, 2015    

4  

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Unaudited) for the nine months ended  September 30, 2016    

5  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

6  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

24  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

44  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    

44  

PART II   Other Information    

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    

45  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors    

45  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

45  

Item 3.  
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

45  

Item 4.  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures    

45  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information    

45  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    

46  

SIGNATURES    

48  

PART I   FINANC  IAL   INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

 PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC. 
     Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 (In thousands)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC.  
   Consolidated   Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 2 

PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC.  
   Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 

(1)   
 
 Costs related to extinguishment of debt include $4.3 million of early payment penalties and $9.3 million associated with the write-off of related deferred financing fees and original issue discounts.    

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 3 

PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC.  
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC.  
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
   
 5 

PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC.  
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.   
 
  Description of Business and Basis of Presentation     

 Description of Business 
 Patriot National, Inc. ( Patriot National  or the  Company ) is an independent national provider of comprehensive technology-enabled outsourcing solutions that help insurance carriers, employers and other clients mitigate risk, comply with complex regulations, and save time and money. We offer end-to-end insurance related and specialty services that allow our clients to improve efficiencies and reduce expenses through our value-added processes. The core of our value proposition includes the benefit of a  one-stop  solution with our broad array of offered services, scalable state-of-the-art technology, and support for complex business and regulatory processes.  
 We principally offer two types of services: front-end services, such as brokerage, underwriting and policyholder services, and back-end services, such as claims adjudication and administration. We provide our services either on an individual basis, as bundles of two or more services tailored to a client s specific needs or on a turnkey basis where we provide a comprehensive set of front-end and back-end services to a client. We also offer specialty services currently including technology outsourcing and other IT services, as well as employment pre-screening and background checks. As a service company, we do not assume any underwriting or insurance risk. Our revenue is primarily fee-based, most of which is contractually committed or highly recurring.  
 Patriot National is headquartered in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Included for comparative purposes are our consolidated financial statements for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015.  
 The unaudited consolidated financial statements included herein are, in the opinion of management, prepared on a basis consistent with our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and include all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the information set forth. The quarterly results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be reported for subsequent quarters or the full year. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. In the preparation of our unaudited consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016, management evaluated all material subsequent events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date on which the financial statements were issued for potential recognition or disclosure therein. 
 For the Company s two consolidated subsidiaries, Contego Services Group, LLC ( Contego Services Group ) that is 97% owned, and DecisionUR, LLC ( DecisionUR ) that is 98.8% owned, the third party equity interests are referred to as non-controlling interests. The portion of the third party members  equity (deficit) of Contego Services Group and DecisionUR are presented as non-controlling interests in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. The Company discloses the following three measures of net income (loss): (i) net income (loss), including non-controlling interest in subsidiary, (ii) net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest in subsidiary, and (iii) net income (loss). 

2.   
 
 Effect of Recently Issued Financial Accounting Standards    

 In August, 2016 the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-15 to clarify whether the following items should be categorized as operating, investing or financing in the statement of cash flows: (i) debt prepayments and extinguishment costs, (ii) settlement of zero-coupon debt, (iii) settlement of contingent consideration, (iv) insurance proceeds, (v) settlement of corporate-owned life insurance (COLI) and bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) policies, (vi) distributions from equity method investees, (vii) beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and (viii) receipts and payments with aspects of more than one class of cash flows.  The new standard takes effect in 2018 for public companies. If an entity elects early adoption, it must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The company is reviewing the impact of this update and the impact on its financial statements. 
   In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , an update to Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . This new accounting guidance requires that all companies recognize the income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, rather than maintaining an additional paid-in capital (APIC) pool and recognizing the tax benefits in excess of compensation costs through equity. As it relates to forfeitures, the guidance allows  
 6 

for companies to choose whether to continue to estimate forfeitures or account for forfeitures as they occur. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal yea  rs, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted and the new guidance may be applied either retrospectively or on a prospective basis. The Company is currently reviewing the guidance, and the impact   from its adoption on our consolidated financial statements cannot be determined at this time.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, intended to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. ASU 2016-02 affects all companies and other organizations that lease assets such as real estate, airplanes, and manufacturing equipment. ASU 2016-02 will require organizations that lease assets referred to as  lessees  to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. However, unlike current GAAP which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet ASU 2016-02 will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 also will require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements, providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements.   The Company is currently reviewing the guidance, and the impact from its adoption on our consolidated financial statements cannot be determined at this time. 
 ASU 2016-02 will take effect for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. For all other organizations, ASU 2016-02 will take effect for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early application will be permitted for all organizations. The Company is currently reviewing the impact that implementing this guidance will have. 
   
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The updated standard is effective for us beginning on January 1, 2017 with early application permitted as of the beginning of any interim or annual reporting period. We adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2016, which did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments , an update to ASC   Topic 805,  Business Combinations .  This update requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to the provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjusting amounts are determined. The amendment requires that the acquirer record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The amendments in this update require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The update should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of this update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued.   We adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2016, which did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.    
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . The update requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of being presented as an asset. The update requires retrospective application. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted this new guidance beginning January 1, 2016. 
 In August 2014, the  FASB issued ASU  2014-15 regarding  ASC  Topic 205,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern . The updated guidance related to determining whether substantial doubt exists about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern. The amendment provides guidance for determining whether conditions or events give rise to substantial doubt that an entity has the ability to continue as a going concern within one year following issuance of the financial statements and requires specific disclosures regarding the conditions or events leading to substantial doubt. The updated guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted, but we do not anticipate electing early adoption. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our combined financial statements. 
   In May 2014, the  FASB issued ASU  2014-09 regarding ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The standard provides principles for recognizing revenue for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers with the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued a deferral of effective date for this standard.  For public companies this standard applies to annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period, and early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating  
 7 

the accounting, transition and disclosure requirements of   the standard and cannot currently estimate the financial statement impact of adoption.  

3.   
 
 Business Combinations    

 The Company completed one acquisition during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. We acquired substantially all of the net assets of Mid Atlantic Insurance Services, Inc. in a cash transaction, and have accounted for it using the acquisition method for recording business combinations.  
 The total purchase price was comprised of the following consideration (in thousands): 

In addition to the Mid Atlantic acquisition, the Company consummated the purchase of the minority interest in Mehta and Pazol Consulting Services Private Limited ( MPCS ) in the amount of $1.1 million. In connection with the acquisition of Vikaran Solutions, LLC on April 1, 2015, we also agreed to purchase all of the outstanding stock of MPCS, an Indian company which holds Vikaran s software development center located in Pune, India, for a purchase price of approximately $1.5 million. During 2015, we consummated the purchase of 51% of the MPCS stock, treated as a deemed dividend for the common control interest contributed by Mr. Mariano. Effective with the acquisition of the remaining interest on April 19, 2016, the Company now holds 100% of the MPCS stock.  
 The  maximum potential earnout payable  disclosed in the foregoing table represents the maximum amount of additional consideration that could be paid pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement for the applicable acquisition. The  recorded earnout payable  disclosed in the foregoing table are primarily based upon the estimated future operating results of the acquired entity over a five-year period subsequent to the acquisition date.  The recorded earnout payable is measured at fair value as of the acquisition date and is included on that basis in the total recorded purchase price in the foregoing table. We will record subsequent changes in the fair value of these estimated earnout obligations in our statement of operations when incurred.  
 The fair value of these earnout obligations is based on the present value of the expected future payments to be made to the sellers of the acquired entities in accordance with the provisions outlined in the respective purchase agreements, which is a Level 3 fair value measurement, as discussed further in Note 11,  Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities . In determining fair value, we estimated the acquired entity s future performance using financial projections developed by management for the acquired entity and market participant assumptions that were derived for revenue growth and/or profitability.  We estimated future payments using the earnout formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement and these financial projections. We then discounted these payments to present value using a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration market-based rates of return that reflect the ability of the acquired entity to achieve the targets. Changes in financial projections, market participant assumptions for revenue growth and/or profitability, or the risk-adjusted discount rate, would result in a change in the fair value of recorded earnout obligations. 
 The Company recorded income of $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to a decrease in the fair value of earnout obligations. The decrease in fair value reflects the final computations and management estimates of certain earnouts pursuant to the respective purchase agreements for acquisitions as of September 30, 2016. 
 The aggregate amount of maximum earnout obligations related to acquisitions as of September 30, 2016 was $13.2 million, of which $11.7 million was recorded in our consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, based on the aggregate estimated fair value of the expected future payments to be made.   
   
 8 

The following is a summary of the aggregate estimated fair values of the net assets acquired at the date of the acquisition made during the nine mont  hs ended September 30, 2016:  

The net assets acquired are preliminary and subject to measurement period adjustments. 
 In accordance with FASB ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other, intangible assets, which are comprised of the estimated fair value of the service contracts acquired, customer and carrier relationships, non-compete agreements, developed technology and trade names are being amortized over the respective estimated life, ranging from two to ten years, in a manner that, in management s opinion, reflects the pattern in which the intangible asset s future economic benefits are expected to be realized.  Intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually (more frequently if certain indicators are present). In the event that management determines that the value of the intangible asset has become impaired, the Company will incur an accounting charge for the amount of impairment during the fiscal quarter in which the determination is made. 
 Provisional estimates of fair value and the allocation of the purchase price are established at the time of each acquisition and are subsequently reviewed within the first year of operations, the measurement period, following the acquisition date to determine the necessity for adjustments. The fair value of the tangible assets and liabilities for each applicable acquisition at the acquisition date approximated their carrying values. We estimate the fair value as the present value of the benefits anticipated from ownership of the subject customer list in excess of returns required on the investment in contributory assets necessary to realize those benefits. The rate used to discount the net benefits was based on a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration market-based rates of return and reflects the risk of the asset relative to the acquired business. These discount rates generally ranged from 17% to 30% for our  acquisitions through September 30, 2016. The fair value of non-compete agreements was established using estimated financial projections for the acquired company based on market participant assumptions and various non-compete scenarios.  
 Customer and carrier relationships, non-compete agreements and trade names related to our acquisitions are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives (ten years for customer and carrier relationships, one to two years for non-compete agreements and five to seven years for trade names), while goodwill is not subject to amortization. We use the straight-line method to amortize these intangible assets because the pattern of their economic benefits cannot be reasonably determined with any certainty. We review all of our intangible assets for impairment periodically (at least annually) and whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. In reviewing intangible assets, if the fair value is less than the carrying amount of the respective (or underlying) asset, an indicator of impairment would exist, and further analysis would be required to determine whether or not a loss would need to be charged against current period earnings. Based on the results of impairment reviews during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no impairments were required.  
 9 

Our consolidated   financial statements for the nine   months ended September 30, 2016 include the operations of the acquired entity from the acquisition date totaling $4.6   million of revenues and $36 thousand of net loss.   
 The following is a summary of the unaudited pro forma historical results, as if the entities acquired in 2015 and 2016 had been acquired at January 1, 2015 (in thousands, except per share data): 

This unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information includes the results of operations of acquired businesses presented as if they had been combined as of January 1, 2015. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information has been provided for illustrative purposes only. The unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information does not purport to be indicative of the actual results that would have been achieved by the combined companies for the periods presented, or of the results that may be achieved by the combined companies in the future. Future results may vary significantly from the results reflected in the following unaudited supplemental pro forma financial information because of future events and transactions, as well as other factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control. 

4.   
 
 Equity and Fixed Income Security Investments    

 Equity and fixed income security investments are carried at fair value.   We classify these investments as a trading portfolio with c hanges to the fair value of investments marked-to-market value and reflected in the aggregate net income or loss for the period incurred.  The trading portfolio is utilized to generate investment income with available cash on hand. 
 As of December 31, 2015 the fair value of our investments was $3.2 million. There were no investments held as of September 30, 2016. 

5  .   
 
 Fixed Assets and Other Long Term Assets    

 Fixed Assets 
 Fixed assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for computer equipment, software, and furniture and fixtures are capitalized and depreciated on a straight-line basis over a five, three, and seven year estimated useful lives, respectively. Expenditures for building are capitalized and depreciated on a straight-line basis over a thirty-nine year estimated useful life. Expenditures for leasehold improvements on office space and facilities are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our major classes of fixed assets consisted of the following: 

Other Long Term Assets 
 Other long term assets, which are solely comprised of capitalized policy and claims administration system development costs, are also stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for capitalized policy and claims administration system development costs are capitalized and depreciated on a straight line basis over a five-year estimated useful life. 
 10 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, other long term assets consisted of the following:   

We periodically review all fixed assets and other long term assets that have finite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Upon sale or retirement, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of assets disposed of are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in earnings. 

6.   
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets    

 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of consideration paid over the fair value of net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested at least annually for impairment (or more frequently if certain indicators are present or management otherwise believes it is appropriate to do so). In the event that management determines that the value of goodwill has become impaired, we will record a charge for the amount of impairment during the fiscal quarter in which the determination is made. We determined that there was no impairment as of September 30, 2016. 
 The Company acquired $4.9 million of goodwill during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the acquisitions discussed in Note 3,  Business Combinations . Changes in goodwill are summarized as follows: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded measurement period adjustments to Goodwill of $1.4 million, which reflects an increase in the carrying amount of tangible net assets related to certain acquisitions. Provisional estimates of fair value of the tangible assets and liabilities for each applicable acquisition at the acquisition date were established and reviewed within the first year of operation. 
   
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets that have finite lives are amortized over their useful lives. The Company acquired $10.1 million of intangible assets during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the acquisitions discussed in Note 3,  Business Combinations . The intangible assets, their original fair values, and their net book values are detailed below as of the dates presented: 

11 

The table below reflects the estimated amortization expense for the Company s intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter: 

7.   
 
 Notes Payable and Lines of Credit    

 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, notes payable were comprised of the following: 

Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On January 22, 2015, we entered into a Credit Agreement with BMO Harris Bank N.A., as administrative agent (the  Administrative Agent ), and the other lenders party thereto, which provides for a $40.0 million revolving credit facility and a $40.0 million term loan facility (the  Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The Senior Secured Credit Facility has a maturity of five years, and borrowings thereunder bear interest, at our option, at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 250 basis points to 325 basis points or at base rate plus a margin ranging from 150 basis points to 225 basis points. Margins on all loans and fees will be increased by 2% per annum during the existence of an event of default. The revolving credit facility includes borrowing capacity available for letters of credit and borrowings on same-day notice, referred to as swing line loans. At any time prior to maturity, we have the right to increase the size of the revolving credit facility or the term loan facility by an aggregate amount of up to $20.0 million, but in minimum increments of $5.0 million. As of June 30, 2015, we increased the term loan facility by $20.0 million through two $10.0 million incremental term loans.  Additionally, on August 14, 2015, we entered into a second amendment to our Senior Secured Credit Facility (the  Second Amendment ) which provides for an additional $50.0 million of term loans plus the ability to increase the term loan by an additional $50.0 million under certain conditions.  The Second Amendment also added a requirement that until we deliver a certificate certifying that (a) our total leverage ratio is equal to or less than 2.25 to 1.00 and (b) our Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve-months then ended is at least $70.0 million, the outstanding revolving loans (plus any swing line loans and the aggregate stated amount of all letters of credit) shall not exceed $30.0 million.  On December 23, 2015 we entered into a third amendment, which permits Patriot to exercise the provisions of the Rescission and Exchange Agreement for the private placement of company stock and warrants, and related Back-to-Back Agreement with the selling shareholder, as described in Note 12, Related Party Transactions. On March 3, 2016, we entered into a fourth amendment, which permits Patriot to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock pursuant to certain volume and timing limitations. On May 16, 2016, we entered into a fifth amendment, which amended the conditions under which we access the revolving loan commitments. All other material terms and conditions in the Senior Secured Credit Facility were unchanged by the amendments. 
 As of September 30, 2016 the outstanding balance under our Senior Secured Credit Facility was $136.3 million (comprised of $102.4  million outstanding under the term loan facility and $33.9 million outstanding under the revolving credit facility). Accordingly, we had $6.1 million remaining commitment under the revolving credit facility. 
   In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the lenders under the revolving credit facility in respect of the  
 12 

unutilize  d commitments thereunder, ranging from 35 basis points to 50 basis points, depending on specified leverage ratios. With respect to letters of credit, we are also required to pay a per annum participation fee equal to the applicable LIBOR margin on the face   amount of each letter of credit as well as a fee equal to 0.125% on the face amount of each letter of credit issued (or the term of which is extended). This latter 0.125% fee is payable to the issuer of the letter of credit for its own account, along with   any standard documentary and processing charges incurred in connection with any letter of credit.     
 The term loan facility amortizes quarterly beginning the first full quarter after the closing date at a rate of 5% per annum of the original principal amount during the first two years, 7.5% per annum of the original principal amount during the third and fourth years and 10% per annum of the original principal amount during the fifth year, with the remainder due at maturity. Principal amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility are due and payable in full at maturity. In the event of any sale or other disposition by us or our subsidiaries guaranteeing the Senior Secured Credit Facility (as described below) of any assets with certain exceptions, we are required to prepay all proceeds received from such a sale towards the remaining scheduled payments of the term loan facility.  
 Additionally, all obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility (as described below) are guaranteed by all of our existing and future subsidiaries, other than foreign subsidiaries to the extent the assets of such foreign subsidiaries do not exceed 5% of our and our subsidiaries  total assets on a consolidated basis, and secured by a first-priority perfected security interest in substantially all of our and our guaranteeing subsidiaries  tangible and intangible assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, including a pledge of 100% of the stock of each guarantor.  
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains certain covenants that, among other things and subject to significant exceptions, limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to engage in certain business and financing activities and that require us to maintain certain financial covenants, including requirements to maintain (i) a maximum total leverage ratio of total outstanding debt to adjusted EBITDA for the most recently-ended four fiscal quarters of no more than 300% and (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to the sum of cash interest expense plus income tax expense (or less any income tax benefits) plus capital expenditures, plus dividends, share repurchases and other restricted payments, plus regularly scheduled principal payments of debt for the same period of a least 150% for the most recently ended four quarters. The Senior Secured Credit Facility allows us to pay dividends in an amount up to 50% of our net income if certain other financial conditions are met.  
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains other restrictive covenants, including those regarding: indebtedness (including capital leases) and guarantees; liens; operating leases; investments and acquisitions; loans and advances; mergers, consolidations and other fundamental changes; sales of assets; transactions with affiliates; no material changes in nature of business; dividends and distributions, stock repurchases, and other restricted payments; change in name, jurisdiction of organization or fiscal year; burdensome agreements; and capital expenditures.  
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility also has events of default that may result in acceleration of the borrowings thereunder, including: (i) nonpayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts (subject to customary grace periods for items other than principal); (ii) failure to perform or observe covenants set forth in the loan documentation (subject to customary grace periods for certain affirmative covenants); (iii) any representation or warranty proving to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; (iv) cross-default to other indebtedness and contingent obligations in an aggregate amount in excess of an amount to be agreed upon; (v) bankruptcy and insolvency defaults (with grace period for involuntary proceedings); (vi) inability to pay debts; (vii) monetary judgment defaults in excess of an agreed upon amount; (viii) ERISA defaults; (ix) change of control; (x) actual invalidity or unenforceability of any loan document, any security interest on any material portion of the collateral or asserted (by any loan party) invalidity or unenforceability of any security interest on any collateral; (xi) actual or asserted (by any loan party) invalidity or unenforceability of any guaranty; (xii) material unpaid, final judgments that have not been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within a specified number of days after the entry thereof; and (xiii) any other event of default agreed to by us and the Administrative Agent.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the financial and other restrictive covenants under our outstanding material debt obligations, including our Senior Secured Credit Facility.  

8.   
 
 Capital Lease Obligations    

 Equipment subject to capital lease is comprised of capitalized policy and claims administration software development costs and related computer equipment. Monthly payments on the capital lease, which expires on December 3, 2016, were approximately $0.2 million as of December 30, 2015. Payments may be adjusted in connection with a change in the interest rate swap rate quoted in the Bloomberg Swap Rate Report. The Company s obligations for future payments on the capital lease as of September 30, 2016, based on the interest rate swap rate in effect on that date, are as follows: 

13 

9.   
 
      Earnings Per Share     

 Basic earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method.  Dilutive potential common shares include detachable common stock warrants and stock-based awards of restricted shares and stock options, and contingent shares attributable to deferred purchase consideration. 
 The components of basic and diluted EPS are as follows:  

On March 3, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a $15 million stock repurchase program. Under the new Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase up to a maximum of $15 million of its common stock.  Pursuant to the Fourth Amendment to the BMO Credit Facility, the Company may purchase no more than 1,000,000 shares in any calendar month. Total purchases under the plan as of September 30, 2016 were 1,360,457 shares for a purchase price of $8.7 million in the open market. As of September 30, 2016, all 1,360,457 of the repurchased shares have been retired and none remain as treasury shares. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 there were 1.1 million stock options that were not dilutive.  
 Effective on April 7, 2016 the Series B warrants were fixed at 4.9 million shares. The Series B warrants are included in the computation of both basic and diluted earnings per share from April 7, 2016 until the warrant shares are settled in accordance with ASC 260. The weighted average impact from the Series B warrants to basic and diluted earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 3.1 million shares. The Series A warrant shares are included in diluted earnings per share using the treasury stock method for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. As a result of the net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, basic earnings per share reflect $0.65 per share and the diluted earnings per share was $0.64 per share. 
 Due to the net loss of $8 thousand reported for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, weighted average outstanding detachable common stock warrants representing 160,295, contingent shares attributable to deferred purchase consideration of 107,070, and restricted shares and stock options representing 114,634 shares of common stock were not dilutive.  As a result, basic and diluted earnings per share both reflect a net loss of $0.00 per share for the nine months then ended.  

10.   
 
 Stock-Based Compensation    

 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 On January 15, 2015, the Board of Directors approved the Patriot National 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Omnibus Incentive Plan ), subject to and with effect upon approval of such plan by the stockholders of the Company. 
   The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors determines the participants under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. The Omnibus Incentive Plan provides for non-qualified and incentive stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units, any or all of which may be made contingent upon the achievement of performance criteria. Subject to the Omnibus Incentive Plan limits, the  
 14 

compensation committee has the discretionary authority to determine the size of an award and on May 11, 2015 delegated the authori  ty to Steven Mariano, our President, to award the grants without the consent of the Compensation Committee.  
 Shares of our common stock available for issuance under the Omnibus Incentive Plan include authorized and unissued shares of common stock or authorized and issued shares of common stock reacquired and held as treasury shares or otherwise, or a combination thereof. The number of available shares is reduced by the aggregate number of shares that become subject to outstanding awards granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. To the extent that shares subject to an outstanding award granted under either the Omnibus Incentive Plan are not issued or delivered by reason of the expiration, termination, cancellation or forfeiture of such award or by reason of the settlement of such award in cash, then such shares will again be available for grant under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of awards other than stock options will also be available for grant under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. Shares that are used to pay the exercise price of an option, shares delivered to or withheld by us to pay withholding taxes related to stock options, and shares that are purchased on the open market with the proceeds of an option exercise, may not again be made available for issuance.    
 Stock Options 
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued stock options as incentive compensation for officers and certain key employees. The exercise price of each stock option is the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. The options will vest in  three  equal annual installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of grant and expire 10 years after the grant date. The fair values of these stock options were estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

(1)   
 
 The risk-free interest rate for the periods within the contractual term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.    

(2)   
 
 The expected volatility is a measure of the amount by which a stock price has fluctuated or is expected to fluctuate based primarily on our and our peers' historical data.    

(3)   
 
 The expected life is the period of time, on average, that participants are expected to hold their options before exercise based primarily on our historical data.    

 For the nine months ended  September 30, 2016 , we awarded 68,533 options and 116,483 were forfeited, leaving 1,156,759    outstanding.  At September 30, 2016 the  intrinsic value of these options was $184 thousand . The fair value of the options at grant date was $3.5 million. Option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

For the three and nine months ended  September 30  , 2016  , we recognized $0.3 million and $0.9 million of stock compensation expense associated with these options, and there was   $1.1 million   of total unrecognized stock compensation cost related to unvested stock options that is expected to be recognized over a period of approximately 1.3 years.  
   
 15 

Restricted Stock Awards  
 In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued 101,352 restricted shares as incentive compensation for officers, directors, and certain key employees, 51,707 restricted shares were forfeited and 246,519 were settled leaving 357,341 remaining restricted shares outstanding as of September 30, 2016. The fair market value of outstanding restricted shares at September 30, 2016 was $3.2    million. Grants of restricted shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

For the three and nine months ending, September 30, 2016, we recognized $0.6 million and $2.3 million of stock compensation expense associated with these restricted shares, and there was $1.9 million of total unrecognized stock compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock to be recognized over a period of approximately 1.1 years.  
 Restricted Stock Units 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued 26,935 restricted stock units, 32,544 were forfeited, 50,783 vested, resulting in 112,776 restricted stock units outstanding as of September 30, 2016. The fair market value of these restricted share units at September 30, 2016 was $1.0 million.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $0.1 million and $0.5 million of stock compensation expense associated with these restricted stock units. Unrecognized stock compensation expense associated with RSUs is $0.7 million and will be recognized over the remaining contractual lives of these awards, approximately 1.7    years.  

16 

11.   
 
      Fair Value Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities     

 With respect to the Company s financial assets and liabilities, which include short term investments, notes payable, capital lease obligation, earnout obligations of acquisitions and warrant redemption liability, the Company has adopted current accounting guidance which establishes the authoritative definition of fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, creates a fair value hierarchy based on the quality of inputs used to measure fair value and enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. This guidance defines fair value as the price that would be paid to transfer the warrant redemption liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  As required under current accounting guidance, the Company has identified and disclosed its financial assets and liabilities in a fair value hierarchy, which consists of the following three levels: 

Definition  

Level 1  

Observable unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical securities.  

Level 2  

Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical securities, including:  

(i)  

quoted prices in active markets for similar securities.  

(ii)  

quoted prices for identical or similar securities in markets that are not active.  

(iii)  

inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the security (e.g., interest rates, yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks and default rates).  

(iv)  

inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.  

Level 3  

Unobservable inputs, including the reporting entity s own data, as long as there is no contrary data indicating market participants would use different assumptions.  

The Company s equity and fixed income security investments and forward purchase assets for which carrying values were equal to fair values, classified by level within the fair value hierarchy, were as follows as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

17 

The following is a reconciliation of the fair value of the Company s financial assets that were measured using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs: 

The Company s earnout obligations of acquisitions, deferred purchase consideration, and warrant redemption liability, for which carrying values were equal to fair values, classified by level within the fair value hierarchy, were as follows as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The following is a reconciliation of the fair value of the Company s financial liabilities that were measured using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs: 

18 

12. Related Party Transactions 
 Relationship and Transactions with Guarantee Insurance Group and Guarantee Insurance  
 As of November 14, 2016 Steven M. Mariano, our founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, beneficially owned 54.5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock and substantially all of the outstanding equity of Guarantee Insurance Group. As a result, our transactions with Guarantee Insurance Group and its subsidiaries, including Guarantee Insurance and GUI, are related party transactions.  
 Service Fees Received from Guarantee Insurance  
 We provide brokerage and policyholder services and claims administration services to Guarantee Insurance pursuant to the Services Agreements and the Program Administrator Agreement. We have been providing a full range of brokerage and policyholder services to Guarantee Insurance pursuant to the Program Administrator Agreement since August 6, 2014.  
 Pursuant to the Services Agreements, we provide our services in connection with claims arising out of insurance policies held or underwritten by Guarantee Insurance. The Services Agreements have various terms and expiration dates ranging from 2018 to 2022, unless otherwise extended or earlier terminated as provided therein. The fees we receive are based, depending on the service provided, upon a percentage of reference premium, flat monthly fees, hourly fees or the savings we achieve, among others.  
 Pursuant to Program Administrator Agreement, we act as Guarantee Insurance s exclusive general agent for the purpose of underwriting, issuing and delivering insurance contracts in connection with Guarantee Insurance s workers  compensation insurance program. The agreement with Guarantee Insurance remains in effect until terminated by either party upon 180 days  prior written notice to the other party for cause. Guarantee Insurance may also terminate the agreement, in whole or in part, immediately upon written notice to us in the event of our insolvency or bankruptcy, systematic risk-binding that is not in compliance with the applicable underwriting guidelines or procedures and the occurrence of certain other events. The fees we receive are based upon premiums written for each account bound with Guarantee Insurance.  
 A portion of the fees that we receive from Guarantee Insurance pursuant to the Services Agreements and the Program Administrator Agreement are for Guarantee Insurance s account (which we recognize as  fee income from related party ) and a portion of the fees are for the account of reinsurance captive entities to which Guarantee Insurance has ceded a portion of its written risk (which we recognize as  fee income ). See  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Principal Components of Financial Statements Revenue.  As a result, a substantial portion of fee income we recognize from non-related parties is nevertheless derived from our relationship with Guarantee Insurance.  
 Fee income from related party for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $22.3 million and $23.8 million, respectively, and constituted 37% and 41% of total fee income. Fee income derived from our contracts and relationships with Guarantee Insurance for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $36.4 million and $38.5 million respectively, and constituted 61% and 66% of total fee income and fee income from related party for the three months then ended. 
   Fee income from related party for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $62.7 million and $68.9 million, respectively, and constituted 35% and 46% of total fee income and fee income from related party for the nine months then ended. Fee income derived from our contracts and relationships with Guarantee Insurance for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $107.8 million and $107.2 million respectively, and constituted 59% and 72% of total fee income and fee income from related party for the nine months then ended. 
 Fee income receivable from related party was $35.3 million as of September 30, 2016 and $27.0 million as of December 31, 2015. 
 Our prices by customer for our brokerage and policyholder services and claims administration services were unchanged for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and, accordingly, the net increase in fee income was solely related to changes in the volume of business we managed.  
 Because fee income from related party for claims administration services is based on the net portion of claims expense retained by Guarantee Insurance, as described in Note 13,  Concentration , the Company s revenues attributable to contracts with Guarantee Insurance do not necessarily represent fee income from related party. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Patriot completed and amended agreements between its operating subsidiaries and Guarantee Insurance Company in the normal course of business.  These include an agreement and subsequent amendments to the agreement effective January 1, 2016 between Guarantee and Patriot Underwriters regarding rates for agent commission. Additionally, Patriot National, Inc. executed an agreement on January 15, 2016 with Guarantee Insurance Group for legal advisory services, for which Patriot received fees of $0.8 million.  Additionally, effective July 1, 2016, Guarantee and Patriot Risk Services have amended the Claims Servicing Agreement removing fees allocated to claims services post twenty-four months of age. 
 19 

Loan Arrangements and Receivable from Affiliates  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had a net receivable from related parties of $2.7 million due from entities controlled by Mr. Mariano, our founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. As of December 31, 2015, we had a net receivable from related parties amount of approximately $0.5 million due from entities controlled by Mr. Mariano. 
    This amount reflects an obligation for attorney s fees incurred by the Company related to ongoing litigation under the Amended and Restated Stock Back-To-Back Agreement, by and between the Company and Steven M. Mariano, our President, Chairman and CEO.  Mr. Mariano has agreed to indemnify the Company for these fees.  We expect this obligation to be satisfied upon resolution of the litigation. 
 In addition, on December 23, 2015, we and Steven M. Mariano amended the Stock Back-to-Back Agreement, pursuant to which, upon the exercise of the New Warrants, we would purchase a number of shares of our common stock owned by Steven M. Mariano equal to 100% of the shares to be issued in connection with the exercise by the PIPE investors of the New Warrants. See Item 7,  Management s Discus sion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Recent Events.  
 Statement of Policy Regarding Transactions with Related Persons  
 Our board of directors has adopted a written Related Person Transaction Policy to assist it in reviewing, approving and ratifying transactions with related persons and to assist us in the preparation of related disclosures required by the SEC. This Related Person Transaction Policy supplements our other policies that may apply to transactions with related persons, such as the Corporate Governance Guidelines of our board of directors and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.  
 The Related Person Transaction Policy provides that all transactions with related persons covered by the policy must be reviewed and approved and ratified by the Audit Committee or disinterested members of the board of directors and that any employment relationship or transaction involving an executive officer and any related compensation must be approved or recommended for the approval of the board of directors by the Compensation Committee.  
 In reviewing transactions with related persons, the Audit Committee or disinterested members of the board of directors will consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including, without limitation:  

the nature of the related person s interest in the transaction;      

the material terms of the transaction;      

the importance of the transaction both to the Company and to the related person;      

whether the transaction would likely impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of the Company;      

whether the value and the terms of the transaction are substantially similar as compared to those of similar transactions previously entered into by the Company with non-related persons, if any; and      

any other matters that management or the Audit Committee or disinterested directors, as applicable, deem appropriate.      

 The Audit Committee or disinterested members of the board of directors, as applicable, will not approve or ratify any related person transaction unless it shall have determined in good faith that, upon consideration of all relevant information, the related person transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Company. The Audit Committee or the disinterested members of the board of directors, as applicable, may also conclude, upon review of all relevant information, that the transaction does not constitute a related person transaction and thus that no further review is required under this policy.  
 Generally, the Related Person Transaction Policy applies to any current or proposed transaction in which:  

the Company was or is to be a participant;      

any related person (i.e., a director, director nominee, executive officer, greater than 5% beneficial owner and any immediate family member of such person) had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately 59% of total combined fee income and fee income from related party was attributable to contracts with Guarantee Insurance, the Company s largest customer and a related party, and approximately 6% was attributable to contracts with the Company s second largest customer. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015,  
 20 

approximately   72  % of total combined fe  e income and fee income from related revenues was attributable to contracts with Guarantee Insurance, and approximately   8  % were attributable to contracts with the Company s second largest customer.   
 As of September 30, 2016, approximately 79% of combined fee income receivable and fee income receivable from related party was attributable to contracts with Guarantee Insurance and approximately 1% of combined fee income receivable and fee income receivable from related party were attributable to contracts with the Company s second largest customer. As of December 31, 2015, approximately 77% of combined fee income receivable and fee income receivable from related party was attributable to contracts with Guarantee Insurance and approximately 3% of combined fee income receivable and fee income receivable from related party was attributable to contracts with the Company s second largest customer.  
 Because fee income from related party for claims administration services is based on the net portion of claims expense retained by Guarantee Insurance, the Company s revenues attributable to contracts with Guarantee Insurance do not necessarily represent fee income from related party. 

14.   
 
 Commitments and Contingencies    

 Contractual Obligations and Commitments  
 In connection with the Senior Secured Credit Facility as described in Note 7,  Notes Payable and Lines of Credit , the common stock of the Company and the common stock or units of each of the Company s wholly and majority owned subsidiaries were pledged as collateral.  
 On April 13, 2016, Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. ( Hudson Bay ) filed suit in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, Steven M. Mariano, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and American Stock Transfer Company, LLC as a nominal Defendant.  Hudson Bay alleges that the Company and Mr. Mariano are in breach of various contracts regarding delivery of price adjustment warrants, and that Mr. Mariano interfered with those same contracts between the Company and Hudson Bay.  Hudson Bay seeks specific performance of the contracts, monetary damages, and attorney s fees.  On April 14, 2016, CVI Investments Inc.( CVI ), also filed suit against the Company in the same court.  The CVI suit makes similar allegations of breach of contract regarding the price adjustment warrants.  The CVI suit similarly seeks specific performance of the contracts, monetary damages, and attorney s fees, as well as injunctive relief. 
 The Company has filed answers in both actions denying the allegations and asserting defenses.  The Company has been indemnified for any losses related to the warrant agreements by Mr. Mariano. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources. 
 The Company has employment agreements with certain executives and other employees, which provide for compensation and certain other benefits and for severance payments under certain circumstances. The employment agreements contain clauses that become effective upon a change of control of the Company. Upon the occurrence of any of the defined events in the employment agreements, the Company would be obligated to pay certain amounts to the relevant employees.  
 The Company maintains cash at various financial institutions, and, at times, balances may exceed federally insured limits. Management does not believe this results in any material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  
 In the normal course of business, the Company may be party to various legal actions that management believes will not result in any material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

15.   
 
 Warrant Redemption Liability    

 The estimated fair value of the redeemable warrants is reflected as warrant redemption liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the change in the liability is reflected as an increase (decrease) in fair value of warrant redemption liability in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. In estimating the value of the redeemable warrants and common stock, giving consideration to all valuation approaches and methods in its analysis and ultimately relying on a variety of established appraisal methods and techniques, applying a Monte Carlo simulation of estimated value, the guideline public company method in combination with the discounted future returns method and, as appropriate, the option pricing model using Black Scholes. Various valuation indications are weighted using the Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method (PWERM) in accordance with the AICPA s  Accounting and Valuation Guide: Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation . 
 21 

As of September 30, 2016, the estimated fair value of Series A and Series B warrant redemption liabi  lities was $  57.5      million.   We estimated the fair value of New Series A Warrants as of September 30, 2016. The payoff structure of New Series A Warrants can be replicated by purchasing (i) 0.15 units of Common Stock and (ii) 0.85 units of call option on Com  mon Stock at an adjusted strike price (dollar strike price divided by 85%). The value of call option was estimated using Black Scholes. The estimated fair value of the New Series B Warrants was determined as   the closing share price at September   30, 2016 le  ss the exercise price of $0.01.  
 On December 13, 2015 we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement ) with Steven M. Mariano, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and the PIPE investors pursuant to which the PIPE investors purchased (i) 2,500,000 shares of our common stock from Steven M. Mariano, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $30 million, and (ii) 666,666 shares of our common stock, warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,083,333 shares of our common stock (the  Old Series A Warrants ) and prepaid warrants for 1,000,000 shares of our common stock (the  Old Series B Warrants  and, together with the Old Series A Warrants, the  Old Warrants ), for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $20 million. In addition, we entered into an agreement (the  Stock Back-to-Back Agreement ) with Steven M. Mariano, pursuant to which, upon the exercise of the Old Warrants, we would purchase a number of shares of our common stock owned by Steven M. Mariano equal to 60% of the shares to be issued in connection with the exercise by the PIPE investors of the Old Warrants. 
 On December 23, 2015 we entered into several rescission and exchange agreements (collectively, the  Exchange Agreement ) with Steven M. Mariano and the PIPE investors pursuant to which (i) we and the PIPE investors rescinded the sale and purchase of 666,666 shares of our common stock and prepaid warrants for 1,000,000 shares of our common stock and (ii) we exchanged the Old Series A Warrant for new warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,250,000 shares of our common stock (the  New Series A Warrants ), and the Old Series B Warrant for new prepaid warrants to purchase a number of shares that the holder could purchase at a price equal to 90% of the lowest 10-day volume-weighted average stock price during the period commencing on February 1, 2016 through and including the Adjustment Time (as defined in the New Series B Warrants, which we expect to end at 9:00 A.M. on the tenth trading day after the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) less the number of shares such holder purchased, in each case subject to adjustments and limitations pursuant to their terms. Based on the 10-day volume-weighted average stock price during the period commencing on February 1, 2016 through March 17, 2016 of $4.51, we estimate that 4,889,165 shares of our common stock would be issuable upon exercise of the New Series B Warrants.  
 In addition, we and Steven M. Mariano amended the Stock Back-to-Back Agreement, pursuant to which, upon the exercise of the New Warrants, we would purchase a number of shares of our common stock owned by Steven M. Mariano equal to 100% of the shares to be issued in connection with the exercise by the PIPE investors of the New Warrants, resulting in no dilution for our existing shareholders. 
 The New Series A Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of the lesser of (i) $10.00 and (ii) 85% of the market price of the shares (as defined in the New Warrants), from July 1, 2016 to December 31, 2020. The New Series B Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of $0.01 from December 16, 2015 to December 31, 2020. The exercise price of the New Warrants is subject to adjustment in the case of stock splits, stock dividends, combinations of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. 
 In addition,   the Exchange Agreement   amended   the registration   rights   agreement   to provide   the PIPE investors   with registration   rights   to register   the shares   issuable   upon exercise   of the New   Warrants,   subject   to penalties   and other   customary   provisions.   We also entered   into a third amendment   to our existing   credit   agreement   to permit   these   transactions   under the covenants   included   therein.   
 On   December   23, 2015, we   also entered   into a Voting Agreement   with Steven M. Mariano,   pursuant   to which Steven M. Mariano   agreed   to vote in favor   of issuances   of shares   of common   stock in the event that,   as a result   of an increase   in the number   of shares   that   may be purchased   upon exercise   of the New   Warrants   to the Adjusted Share Amount (as defined   in the New   Warrants),   such number   of shares   would exceed the Exchange Cap   (as defined   in the New   Warrants). 

The Company uses an estimated annual effective tax rate method of computing its interim tax provision. Certain items, including those deemed to be unusual, infrequent or that cannot be reliably estimated, are excluded from the estimated annual effective tax rates. In these cases, the actual tax expense or benefit applicable to that item is treated discretely and is reported in the same period as the related item.  
 The effective tax rate is based on forecasted annual pre-tax income, permanent differences and statutory tax rates. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the effective income tax rate was 36%.  
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as income tax in multiple states with heavy concentration in Florida, California, and Pennsylvania. The net deferred tax asset as of September 30, 2016 was $13.6 million, which is primarily related to intangible asset amortization of completed acquisitions.  
 22 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company maintained a valuation allowance for the net deferred tax asset. A valuation allowance is required when it is considered more likely than not that all or part of the benefit related to suc  h assets will not be realized, considering both positive and negative evidence. We determined as of December 31, 2015 that it was more likely than not that all or part of the benefit related to such assets would not be realized, primarily due to uncertaint  y of future performance for acquired businesses in our projections.  
 The underlying assumptions we use in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment and take into account our recent performance. Such estimates and assumptions could change in the future as more information becomes known which could impact the amounts reported and disclosed herein. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences reverse. 
 Effective June  30, 2016, the Company and its subsidiaries released the $12.5 million valuation allowance related to the net deferred tax asset as a result of positive evidence from performance during the six months then ended and greater certainty of forecasts for 2016 and beyond. We determined that it was more likely than not the future tax benefit related to the deferred tax asset will be realized as of June 30, 2016, and confirmed that assessment as of September 30, 2016.   
 At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts recorded for uncertain tax positions. 

17. Subsequent Events  
 On November 8, 2016 we announced  that the Special Committee of its Board of Directors (the "Special Committee") has concluded that Ebix, Inc.'s most recent proposal of $475 million is not the best alternative to maximize value for Patriot National's shareholders and, at the recommendation of the Special Committee, the Board of Directors has rejected the proposal. The Special Committee continues to evaluate other more attractive offers and all opportunities for value creation.   
 On November 9, 2016, Patriot National, Inc. (the  Company ) entered into the Financing Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as collateral agent and as administrative agent ("Agent"), and the other lenders party thereto, which provides for a $30.0 million revolving credit facility and a $250.0 million term loan facility (the  senior secured credit facility ). The senior secured credit facility has a maturity of five years, and borrowings thereunder bear interest, at the Company s option, at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 700 basis points to 725 basis points or at a base rate plus a margin ranging from 525 basis points to 550 basis points. The minimum LIBOR rate before applicable margin is 1.00%, while the minimum base rate before applicable margin is 3.00%. Effective with the closing of the Financing Agreement on November 9, 2016, the existing BMO credit facility was repaid in full and any remaining commitments terminated thereunder. 
 In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the senior secured credit facility, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the administrative agent for the ratable benefit of the lenders under the revolving credit facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder of 50 basis points. In addition, the Company is required to pay Agent a loan servicing fee of $5,000 per month. The Company paid Agent, for the account of the lenders, a closing fee equal to $5,600,000. 
 The term loan facility amortizes quarterly beginning on December 31, 2016 with quarterly payments of $1,250,000 in the first year, quarterly payments of $2,000,000 in the second year and quarterly payments of $2,500,000 thereafter, with the remainder due at maturity. Principal amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility are due and payable in full at maturity. In the event of any sale or other disposition by the Company or its subsidiaries guaranteeing the senior secured credit facility of any assets or their incurrence of additional indebtedness, the Company is required to prepay the net proceeds received from such a sale towards the remaining scheduled payments of the term loan facility, subject to certain exceptions. 
 All obligations under the senior secured credit facility are guaranteed by all of the Company s existing and future subsidiaries, other than foreign subsidiaries, and secured by a first-priority perfected security interest in substantially all of the Company s and such guaranteeing subsidiaries  tangible and intangible assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, including a pledge of 100% of the stock of each guarantor. 
   The senior secured credit facility contains certain covenants that, among other things and subject to significant exceptions, limit the Company s ability and the ability of the Company s restricted subsidiaries to engage in certain business and financing activities and that require the Company to maintain certain financial covenants, including requirements to maintain (i) a maximum total leverage ratio of total outstanding debt to adjusted EBITDA for the most recently-ended four fiscal quarters of no more than 5.25:1.00 and (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of (a)(1) adjusted EBITDA less (2) unfinanced capital expenditures, to (b) the sum of (1) scheduled principal payments of debt (which amount has been agreed upon for the three, six and nine month periods ending March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016), (2) cash interest expense (which amount has been agreed upon for the three, six and nine month periods ending March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016), (3) income tax expense (which amount has been agreed upon for the three, six and nine month periods ending March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016) and (4) dividends, share repurchases and other restricted payments for the same period of a least 1.25:1.00 for the most recently-ended four quarters. The senior secured credit facility contains other restrictive covenants, including those regarding indebtedness (including  
 23 

capital leases) and guarantees; liens; investments and acquisitions; loans and advances; mergers, consolidations and other fundamental changes; sales of assets; transactions with affiliates; no material changes in   nature of business; dividends and distributions, stock repurchases, and other restricted payments; change in name, jurisdiction of organization or fiscal year and other agreements prohibiting liens. The senior secured credit facility has events of default   that may result in acceleration of the borrowings thereunder, including (i) nonpayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts (subject to customary grace periods for items other than principal); (ii) failure to perform or observe covenants set forth   in the loan documentation (subject to customary grace periods for certain affirmative covenants); (iii) any representation or warranty proving to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; (iv) cross-default to other indebtedness and contingen  t obligations in an aggregate amount in excess of an agreed upon amount; (v) bankruptcy and insolvency defaults (with grace period for involuntary proceedings); (vi) inability to pay debts; (vii) monetary judgment defaults in excess of an agreed upon amoun  t; (viii) ERISA defaults; (ix) change of control; (x) actual invalidity or unenforceability of any loan document as a result of an act or omission of the Company or its subsidiaries or actual  invalidity or unenforceability of any security interest on any   collateral; (xi) the Company or its subsidiaries asserts that any loan document, including any guaranty, is invalid or unenforceable; and (xii) material unpaid, final judgments that have not been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within   a specified number of days after the entry thereof.  
  Special Dividend  
 On November 9, 2016, the Board of Directors (the  Board ) approved a special dividend of $2.50 per share of Company common stock, payable December 9, 2016, to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 28, 2016.   
  Stock Repurchase Program      
 On November 9, 2016, the Board also authorized up to $40 million of stock repurchases through November 9, 2018 under the Company s previously announced $15 million stock repurchase program (the  Repurchase Program ).  This authorization represents an increase of $34 million for stock repurchases in addition to the approximately $6 million remaining under the previously authorized program.  Pursuant to the terms of the Repurchase Program, the Company may purchase no more than 1,000,000 shares in any calendar month. The Company may otherwise repurchase its common stock from time to time, in amounts and at prices the Company deems appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations.  The Company s repurchases may be executed using open market purchases or negotiated off-market transactions. 

ITEM 2.   
 
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Combined Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and with the information under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes statements that express our opinions, expectations, estimates, beliefs, plans, objectives, strategies, assumptions, future revenues or performance, financing needs, business trends or projections regarding future events or future results and therefore are, or may be deemed to be,  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   seek,   project,   potential,   intend,   strive,   plan,   may,   might,   will,   would,  or  should  or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. They appear in a number of places throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the industry in which we operate.  
 24 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to   events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements.   Risks related to the Company   and our common stock include, but are not limited to the following:  

Because we have a limited operating history as a stand-alone, combined company and business, our historical financial condition and results of operations are not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as a stand-alone, combined, publicly-traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.     

Our business may be materially adversely impacted by general economic and labor market conditions.     

The workers  compensation insurance industry is cyclical in nature, which may affect our overall financial performance.     

We may be more vulnerable to negative developments in the workers  compensation insurance industry than companies that also provide outsourced services for other lines of insurance.     

If workers  compensation claims decline in frequency or severity, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.     

Our total fee income and fee income from related party are currently substantially dependent on our relationships with Guarantee Insurance and a small number of other insurance carrier clients.     

Our relationship with Guarantee Insurance may create conflicts of interest, and we cannot be certain that all our transactions with Guarantee Insurance will be conducted on the same terms as those available from unaffiliated third parties.     

We have acquired 18 insurance and other services firms in a short period of time and we have limited experience integrating the operations of companies or businesses that we have acquired and may incur substantial costs in connection therewith which could adversely affect our growth and results of operations.     

If we fail to grow our business organically we may be unable to execute our business plan or adequately address competitive challenges.     

If we cannot sustain our relationships with independent retail agencies, we may be unable to operate profitably.     

Changes in the healthcare industry could adversely impact our performance.     

Our geographic concentration ties our performance to business, economic and regulatory conditions in certain states, and unfavorable conditions in these states could have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.     

We are subject to extensive regulation and supervision, and our failure to comply with such regulation or adapt to new regulatory and legislative initiatives may adversely impact our business.     

Our goodwill and intangible assets could become impaired, which could lead to material non-cash charges against earnings.     

Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition, our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, our ability to operate our business, our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and our ability to pay our debts and could expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable debt and divert our cash flow from operations to make debt payments.     

Servicing our indebtedness will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which are not within our control.     

Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may be able to incur substantially more debt and enter into other transactions, which could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition described above.     

We operate in a highly competitive industry, and others may have greater financial resources to compete effectively.     

We compete on the basis of the quality of our outcome-driven service model, and our failure to continue to perform at high levels could adversely affect our business.     

Our business is dependent on the efforts of our senior management and other key employees who leverage their industry expertise, knowledge of our markets and services and relationships with independent retail agencies that sell the insurance products of our carrier partners.     

We are reliant on our information processing systems, and any failure or inadequate performance of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.     

 25 

Cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving our computer systems or the systems of one or more of our clients, independent retail agencies or vendors could materially   and adversely affect our business.     

If we infringe on the proprietary rights of others, our business operations may be disrupted, and any related litigation could be time consuming and costly.     

We are, and may become, party to lawsuits or other claims that could adversely impact our business.     

Our founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer owns a significant percentage of our outstanding capital stock and will be able to influence stockholder and management decisions, which may conflict with your interests as a stockholder.     

Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our affiliates could cause the market price for our common stock to decline.     

There is an increased potential for short sales of our common stock due to the sales of shares issued upon exercise of warrants, which could materially affect the market price of the stock.     

Certain provisions of the New Series A Warrants and New Series B Warrants provide for preferential treatment to the holders of the warrants and could impede a sale of our company.     

Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, which could make us unable to fund our capital requirements.     

If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they downgrade or provide negative outlook on our stock or our sector, our stock price and trading volume could decline.     

We are an  emerging growth company , and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors.     

We have incurred, and will continue to incur, increased costs, and are subject to additional regulations and requirements as a result of being a public company, which could lower our profits or make it more difficult to run our business.     

Our internal controls over financial reporting may not be effective, which could have a significant and material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects.     

Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control.     

 For a more detailed discussion of these factors, see the information under the heading  Risk Factors  herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
 Terms Used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 
 Unless otherwise specified or the context requires otherwise, the following terms used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have the meanings ascribed to them below: 

references to  Patriot.   Patriot National,   the Company,   we,   us  or  our  refer to Patriot National, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context requires otherwise;     

references to  AIG  refer to AIG Property Casualty Company, American Home Assurance Company, AIG Assurance Company, AIU Insurance Company, Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company, Illinois National Insurance Co., National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, PA., New Hampshire Insurance Company, and The Insurance Company of the State of Pennsylvania, collectively.     

references the  Back-to-Back agreement  refer to the agreement executed in connection with the PIPE between Mr. Mariano and the Company effective as of December 13, 2015, pursuant to which we would purchase a number of shares of our common stock owned by Mr. Mariano equal to 60% of the shares to be issued in connection with the exercise of the Old Warrants;     

references to  bundled  services refer to arrangements where we provide two or more services to a client;     

references to  Guarantee Insurance  refer to Guarantee Insurance Company and references to  Guarantee Insurance Group  refer to Guarantee Insurance Group, Inc. (f/k/a Patriot National Insurance Group, Inc.), the parent company of Guarantee Insurance, entities that are both controlled by Steven M. Mariano, our founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer;     

references to the  GUI Acquisition  refer to our acquisition, effective August 6, 2014, of contracts to provide marketing, underwriting and policyholder services and related assets and liabilities from a subsidiary of Guarantee Insurance Group;     

 26 

references to the  New Series A Warrants , the  New Series B Warrants  or together, the  New Warrants  refer to the warrants issued to the PIPE Investors pursuant to the rescission and exchange agreements entered into on December 23, 2015 wher  eby the Old Warrants were exchanged for the New Warrants;      

references to the  Old Series A Warrants , the  Old Series B Warrants  or together, the  Old Warrants  refer to the warrants issued to the PIPE Investors pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement effective December 13, 2015 by and among Mr. Mariano, the Company and the PIPE Investors;     

references to the  Patriot Care Management Acquisition  refer to our acquisition, effective August 6, 2014, of a business that provides nurse case management and bill review services (the  Patriot Care Management Business      

references to the  PennantPark Entities  refer to PennantPark Investment Corporation, PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., PennantPark SBIC II LP and PennantPark Credit Opportunities Fund LP;     

references to the  PennantPark Debt  refer to debt pursuant to the PennantPark Loan Agreement;     

references to the  PennantPark Loan Agreement  refer to the amended and restated first lien term loan agreement, dated as of August 6, 2014 between, among others, us and certain of our subsidiaries, as borrowers, certain of our other subsidiaries and certain affiliated entities, as guarantors, and the PennantPark Entities, as lenders;     

references to the  PIPE  refer to the private investments made by Tenor Capital Management (through Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC), Heights Capital Management (through CVI Investments, Inc.) and Hudson Bay Capital Management (through Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd.) (together the  PIPE Investors ) in December 2015;     

references to  reference premiums written  refer to the aggregate premiums, grossed up for large deductible credits, written by or for our insurance carrier partners in respect of the policies we produce and service on their behalf;      

references to  reinsurance captives  or  reinsurance captive entities  refer to segregated portfolio cell captive entities that assume underwriting risk written initially by an insurance carrier client;     

references to  turnkey  refer to arrangements where we provide both front-end services such as brokerage, underwriting and policyholder service, and back-end services such as claims adjudication and administration services to an insurance carrier client;     

references to the  UBS Credit Agreement  refer to the credit agreement, dated as of August 6, 2014 between, among others, us and certain of our subsidiaries, the lenders party thereto and UBS Securities LLC, as lead arranger, bookmanager, documentation agent and syndication agent     

references to the  UBS Debt  refer to debt pursuant to the UBS Credit Agreement; and     

references to  Zurich  refer to   Zurich American Insurance Company, Zurich American Insurance Company of Illinois, American Guarantee and Liability Insurance Company, American Zurich Insurance Company, Steadfast Insurance Company, Empire Fire   Marine Insurance Company, Empire Indemnity Insurance Company  ,   Maryland Casualty Company, Assurance Company of America, Maryland Insurance Company, Northern Insurance Company of New York, The Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland, Colonial American Casualty and Surety Company, Universal Underwriters Insurance Company, Universal Underwriters Life Insurance Company, Universal Underwriters of Texas Insurance Company,   Zurich Insurance Company Canadian Branch     collectively.     

 Overview 
 Business 
 We are an independent national provider of comprehensive technology-enabled insurance and employer solutions. Our products and services help insurance carriers, employers and other clients mitigate risk, comply with complex regulations and save time and money. We offer end-to-end insurance-related and specialty services that allow our clients to improve efficiencies and reduce expenses through our value-added processes. The core of our value proposition includes the benefit of a  one-stop  solution with our broad array of offered services, scalable state-of-the-art technology, and support for complex business and regulatory processes.  
 We principally offer two types of services: front-end services, such as brokerage, underwriting and policyholder services, and back-end services, such as claims adjudication and administration. We provide our services either on an individual basis, as bundles of two or more services tailored to a client s specific needs, or on a turnkey basis where we provide a comprehensive set of front-end and back-end services to a client. We also offer specialty services currently including technology outsourcing and other IT services, as well as employment pre-screening and background checks.  
 27 

We generate fee revenue for our services from our clients b  ased on (1) a percentage of premiums for the policies we service, (2) the cost savings we achieve for our clients or (3) a fixed fee for a particular service. Unlike our insurance and reinsurance carrier clients, we do not generate underwriting income or a  ssume underwriting risk on workers  compensation plans.  
 Recent Events 
 On March 3, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a $15 million stock repurchase program. Under the new Repurchase Program, the Company may repurchase up to a maximum of $15 million of its common stock.  Pursuant to the Fourth Amendment to the BMO Credit Facility, the Company may purchase no more than 1,000,000 shares in any calendar month. Total purchases under the plan as of September 30, 2016 were 1,360,457 shares for a purchase price of $8.7 million in the open market. As of September 30, 2016, all 1,360,457 of the repurchased shares have been retired and none remain as treasury shares. 
 On April 13, 2016, Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. ( Hudson Bay ) filed suit in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, Steven M. Mariano, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and American Stock Transfer Company, LLC as a nominal Defendant.  Hudson Bay alleges that the Company and Mr. Mariano are in breach of various contracts regarding delivery of price adjustment warrants, and that Mr. Mariano interfered with those same contracts between the Company and Hudson Bay.  Hudson Bay seeks specific performance of the contracts, monetary damages, and attorney s fees.  On April 14, 2016, CVI Investments Inc.( CVI ), also filed suit against the Company in the same court.  The CVI suit makes similar allegations of breach of contract regarding the price adjustment warrants.  The CVI suit similarly seeks specific performance of the contracts, monetary damages, and attorney s fees, as well as injunctive relief. 
 The Company has filed answers in both actions denying the allegations and asserting defenses.  The Company has been indemnified for any losses related to the warrant agreements by Mr. Mariano.   
 On August 1, 2016, the Issuer stated that a special committee of independent directors (the  Special Committee ) of the Board received and is considering an offer from Ebix, Inc. ( Ebix ) to acquire 100% of the outstanding stock of the Issuer. The Special Committee is continuing to explore other strategic alternatives for the Issuer to maximize value for shareholders, including a possible sale of the Issuer. Neither the Board nor the Special Committee has made a decision to enter into any transaction or other alternative. 
 On November 8, 2016 we announced  that the Special Committee of its Board of Directors (the "Special Committee") has concluded that Ebix, Inc.'s most recent proposal of $475 million is not the best alternative to maximize value for Patriot National's shareholders and, at the recommendation of the Special Committee, the Board of Directors has rejected the proposal. The Special Committee continues to evaluate other more attractive offers and all opportunities for value creation.   
 On November 9, 2016, Patriot National, Inc. (the  Company ) entered into the Financing Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as collateral agent and as administrative agent ("Agent"), and the other lenders party thereto, which provides for a $30.0 million revolving credit facility and a $250.0 million term loan facility (the  senior secured credit facility ). The senior secured credit facility has a maturity of five years, and borrowings thereunder bear interest, at the Company s option, at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 700 basis points to 725 basis points or at a base rate plus a margin ranging from 525 basis points to 550 basis points. The minimum LIBOR rate before applicable margin is 1.00%, while the minimum base rate before applicable margin is 3.00%. Effective with the closing of the Financing Agreement on November 9, 2016, the existing BMO credit facility was repaid in full and any remaining commitments terminated thereunder. 
 In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the senior secured credit facility, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee to the administrative agent for the ratable benefit of the lenders under the revolving credit facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder of 50 basis points. In addition, the Company is required to pay Agent a loan servicing fee of $5,000 per month. The Company paid Agent, for the account of the lenders, a closing fee equal to $5,600,000. 
 The term loan facility amortizes quarterly beginning on December 31, 2016 with quarterly payments of $1,250,000 in the first year, quarterly payments of $2,000,000 in the second year and quarterly payments of $2,500,000 thereafter, with the remainder due at maturity. Principal amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility are due and payable in full at maturity. In the event of any sale or other disposition by the Company or its subsidiaries guaranteeing the senior secured credit facility of any assets or their incurrence of additional indebtedness, the Company is required to prepay the net proceeds received from such a sale towards the remaining scheduled payments of the term loan facility, subject to certain exceptions. 
 All obligations under the senior secured credit facility are guaranteed by all of the Company s existing and future subsidiaries, other than foreign subsidiaries, and secured by a first-priority perfected security interest in substantially all of the Company s and such guaranteeing subsidiaries  tangible and intangible assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, including a pledge of 100% of the stock of each guarantor. 
   The senior secured credit facility contains certain covenants that, among other things and subject to significant exceptions, limit the Company s ability and the ability of the Company s restricted subsidiaries to engage in certain business and financing activities and that require the Company to maintain certain financial covenants, including requirements to maintain (i) a maximum total leverage  
 28 

ratio of total outstanding debt to adjusted EBITDA for   the most recently-ended four fisca  l quarters of no more than 5.25:1.00   and (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of (a)(1) adjusted EBITDA less (2) unfinanced capital expenditures, to (b) the sum of (1) scheduled principal payments of debt (which amo  unt has been agreed upon for the three, six and nine month periods ending March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016), (2) cash interest expense (which amount has been agreed upon for the three, six and nine month periods ending March 31, 2016, J  une 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016), (3) income tax expense (which amount has been agreed upon for the three, six and nine month periods ending March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016) and (4) dividends, share repurchases and other restricted   payments for the same period of a least   1.25:1.00   for the most recently-ended four quarters. The senior secured credit facility contains other restrictive covenants, including those regarding indebtedness (including capital leases) and guarantees; liens;   investments and acquisitions; loans and advances; mergers, consolidations and other fundamental changes; sales of assets; transactions with affiliates; no material changes in nature of business; dividends and distributions, stock repurchases, and other res  tricted payments; change in name, jurisdiction of organization or fiscal year and other agreements prohibiting liens. The senior secured credit facility has events of default that may result in acceleration of the borrowings thereunder, including (i) nonpa  yment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts (subject to customary grace periods for items other than principal); (ii) failure to perform or observe covenants set forth in the loan documentation (subject to customary grace periods for certain affirm  ative covenants); (iii) any representation or warranty proving to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; (iv) cross-default to other indebtedness and contingent obligations in an aggregate amount in excess of an agreed upon amount; (v) bank  ruptcy and insolvency defaults (with grace period for involuntary proceedings); (vi) inability to pay debts; (vii) monetary judgment defaults in excess of an agreed upon amount; (viii) ERISA defaults; (ix) change of control; (x) actual invalidity or unenfo  rceability of any loan document as a result of an act or omission of the Company or its subsidiaries or actual  invalidity or unenforceability of any security interest on any collateral; (xi) the Company or its subsidiaries asserts that any loan document,   including any guaranty, is invalid or unenforceable; and (xii) material unpaid, final judgments that have not been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within a specified number of days after the entry thereof.  
  Special Dividend  
    On November 9, 2016, the Board of Directors (the  Board ) approved a special dividend of $2.50 per share of Company common stock, payable December 9, 2016, to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 28, 2016.    
  Stock Repurchase Program      
 On November 9, 2016, the Board also authorized up to $40 million of stock repurchases through November 9, 2018 under the Company s previously announced $15 million stock repurchase program (the  Repurchase Program ).  This authorization represents an increase of $34 million for stock repurchases in addition to the approximately $6 million remaining under the previously authorized program.  Pursuant to the terms of the Repurchase Program, the Company may purchase no more than 1,000,000 shares in any calendar month. The Company may otherwise repurchase its common stock from time to time, in amounts and at prices the Company deems appropriate, subject to market conditions and other considerations.  The Company s repurchases may be executed using open market purchases or negotiated off-market transactions. 
 Key Performance Measures 
 We use certain key performance measures in evaluating our business and results of operations, and we may refer to one or more of these key performance measures in this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  These key performance measures include: 

Gross reference premium written:   gross reference premium written refers to the aggregate premium, grossed up for large deductible credits, written by or for our insurance carrier partners in respect of the policies we produce and service on their behalf.     

Reference premium written:   reference premium written refers to the earned aggregate premium, grossed up for large deductible credits, written by or for our insurance carrier partners in respect of the policies we produce and service on their behalf. For Guarantee Insurance, which records written premium on the effective date of the policy based on the estimated total premium for the term of the policy, reference written premium is equal to written premium based on the estimated total premium for the term of the policy, earned as of the effective date of the policy, grossed up for large deductible credits. Subsequent adjustments to the estimated total premium for the term of the policy are reflected as adjustments to reference written premium when the adjustments become known. For our third party insurance carrier clients, for whom record written premium as premium is collected, reference written premium is equal to collected premium, grossed up for large deductible credits. We evaluate our business (in respect of revenue both from brokerage and policyholder services and from claims administrative services) both in respect of the overall revenue generated by reference premium written, and the margin on such revenue. With respect to our brokerage and policyholder services, changes in reference premium written generally correspond to changes in total revenues.     

   The policies we write for our insurance and reinsurance carrier clients generally have a term of one year, and reference premium written is earned by our insurance and reinsurance carrier clients on a pro rata basis over the terms of the underlying policies.  
 29 

Likewise, the claims associated with these policies are generally incurred on a pro rata basis over the terms of the underlying policies. Generally, we perform our claims administration   services on a claim from the date it is incurred through the date it is closed. We refer to claims that have been incurred, but not yet closed, for a particular period as  managed claims exposures.  With respect to our claims administration services, chang  es in managed claims exposures generally correspond to changes in total revenues.  

Adjusted EBITDA:   we define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) adjusted for income tax expense (benefit), interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, and certain non-cash and/or non-recurring transactions as shown in the Reconciliation from Net Income(Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA .     

Adjusted EBITDA Margins:   we define Adjusted EBITDA Margins as Adjusted EBITDA divided by the sum of fee income and fee income from related party.     

Operating Cash Flow:   we define Operating Cash Flow as Adjusted EBITDA less income tax expense, interest expense, and capital expenditures.     

Adjusted Earnings (Loss):   we define Adjusted Earnings (Loss) and Adjusted Earnings (Loss) per share as net income (loss) adjusted for cost for debt payoff, non-cash stock compensation costs, net realized gains (losses) on investments, increase (decrease) in fair value of warrant redemption liability, acquisition costs and loss on exchange of units and warrants.     

 We present Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margins, Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Earnings in this report because they are key measures used by our management and board of directors to understand and evaluate our core operating performance and trends, to prepare and approve our annual budget and to develop short and long-term operational plans.  In particular, we believe that the exclusion of the amounts eliminated in calculating Adjusted EBITDA, Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Earnings can provide useful measures for period-to-period comparisons of our core business.  Accordingly, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA, Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Earnings provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. 
 Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margins, Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Earnings have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our financial results under GAAP.  Some of these limitations are as follows: 

Although depreciations and amortization expense are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future;     

Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs or tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; and     

Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate Adjusted EBITDA, Operating Cash Flow and Adjusted Earnings or similarly titled measured differently, which reduce their usefulness as a comparative measure.     

 Reference Premium Written 

Gross reference premium written for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $128.3 million compared to $126.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $2.3 million. The increase was attributable to the inception of new contracts with AIG and certain other insurance carrier clients, which generated an increase in gross reference premium of $15.8 million and an increase of $1.1 million with Guarantee Insurance, which was partially offset by a decrease in Zurich of $1.4 million and a decrease of $13.2 million with Scottsdale. 
 Gross reference premium written for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $394.4 million compared to $347.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase $46.7 million. The increase was attributable to the inception of new contracts with AIG and certain other insurance carrier clients, which generated an increase in gross reference premium of $83.9 million and an increase in Zurich of $4.9 million for the nine months, which was partially offset by a decrease of $29.6 million with Scottsdale and a decrease of $12.3 million with Guarantee Insurance. 
   Reference premium written for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $ 144.3 million compared to $127.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $17.3 million The increase was attributable to the inception of new contracts  
 30 

w  ith AIG and certain other insurance carrier clients, which generated an increase in reference premium written of $  21.9   million     and an increase of $1.1 million   with   Guarantee Insurance  , and was partially offset by a decrease of $  5.6   million with Scottsdale  .  
 Reference premium written for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $417.3 million compared to $333.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $84.3 million The increase was attributable to the inception of new contracts with AIG and certain other insurance carrier clients, which generated an increase in reference premium written of $106.8 million, and was partially offset by a decrease of $3.2 million with Zurich, a decrease of $7.0 million with Scottsdale and a decrease of $12.3 million with Guarantee Insurance. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure and is not in accordance with, or an alternative to, the GAAP information provided in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For further information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to Net income (loss), see   Reconciliations to Non-GAAP Key Performance Measures . 

Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $11.4 million compared to $14.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $3.2 million. The decrease was attributable to a $4.9 million increase in total expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization, changes in fair value of warrant liabilities, non-cash stock compensation, severance expense, acquisition costs, public offering costs, costs related to the extinguishment of debt, interest expense, fair value of earn-out liability adjustment and income tax expense which are added back to net income to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA), partially offset by a $1.7 million increase in total fee income and fee income from related party, all of which are discussed more fully below.  
 Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $37.8 million compared to $36.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.0 million. The increase was attributable to a $32.6 million increase in total fee income and fee income from related party, partially offset by a $31.6 million increase in total expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization, changes in fair value of warrant liabilities, non-cash stock compensation, severance expense, acquisition costs, public offering costs, costs related to the extinguishment of debt, interest expense, and income tax expense which are added back to net income to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA), all of which are discussed more fully below.  
 Operating Cash Flow 
 Operating cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and is not in accordance with, or an alternative to, the GAAP information provided in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For further information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of Operating cash flow to Net income (loss), see   Reconciliations to Non-GAAP Key Performance Measures . 

Operating cash flow for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $7.5 million compared to $10.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $3.3 million.  Operating cash flow is defined as Adjusted EBITDA, less income tax expense, interest expense, and capital expenditures. The decrease was primarily attributable to the $3.2 million decrease in Adjusted EBITDA described above for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
 Operating cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $30.3 million compared to $29.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $0.6 million.  Operating cash flow is defined as Adjusted EBITDA, less income tax expense, interest expense, and capital expenditures. The increase was primarily attributable to the $1.0 million increase in Adjusted EBITDA described above for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 31 

Adjusted Earnings  
 Adjusted Earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure and is not in accordance with, or an alternative to, the GAAP information provided in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For further information regarding our use of non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation of Operating cash flow to Net income (loss), see   Reconciliations to Non-GAAP Key Performance Measures . 

Adjusted Earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $3.1 million as compared to $5.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $2.6 million.  The decrease was attributable to a $4.3 million increase in total expenses (excluding changes in fair value of warrant liabilities, non-cash stock compensation, severance expense, acquisition costs, public offering costs, and costs related to the extinguishment of debt which are added back to net income to arrive at Adjusted Earnings), in conjunction with $1.7 million increase in total fee income and fee income from related party, all of which are discussed more fully below.  
 Adjusted Earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $11.7 million as compared to $14.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $2.9 million.  The decrease was attributable to a $35.5 million increase in total expenses (excluding changes in fair value of warrant liabilities, non-cash stock compensation, severance expense, acquisition costs, public offering costs, and costs related to the extinguishment of debt which are added back to net income to arrive at Adjusted Earnings), partially offset by $32.6 million increase in total fee income and fee income from related party, all of which are discussed more fully below.  
 32 

Results of Operations  
 The following table sets forth certain combined statement of operations data derived from our unaudited combined financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
 Revenues: 
 Total Fee Income and Fee Income from Related Party . Total fee income and fee income from related party for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $60.2 million compared to $58.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.7 million or approximately 3%. The increase in fee income and fee income from related party was primarily related to increases in the volume of business we managed and from acquisitions completed since January 2015.  
 Total fee income and fee income from related party for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $181.6 million compared to $148.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $32.7 million or approximately 22%. The increase in fee income and fee income from related party was primarily related to increases in the volume of business we managed and from acquisitions completed since January 2015. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately 61% and 59% of our total fee income and fee income from related party was attributable to our contracts with Guarantee Insurance, a related party, and approximately 6% and 6%of our total fee income and fee income from related party was attributable to contracts with our second largest client for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 approximately 66% and 72% of our total fee income and fee income from related party was attributable to our contracts with Guarantee Insurance, and approximately 6% and 8% of our total fee income and fee income from related party were attributable to our contracts with our second largest client for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 33 

Fee Income.   Fee income, which represents fee income from non-related parties, for the three months ende  d September 30, 2016 was $38.0 million compared to $34.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $3.2 million or 9%.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, fee income was $118.9 million versus $8  0.1 million, an increase of $38.8 million or 48%.  
 Our prices by customer for our brokerage and policyholder services and claims administration services were unchanged for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 relative to the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, and, accordingly, the net increase in fee income was solely related to changes in the volume of business we managed. 
 Fee Income from Related Party . Fee income from related party for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $22.3 million compared to $23.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $1.5 million or 6%.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 fee income from related party was $62.7 million versus $68.9 million, a decrease of $6.2 million or 9%.   
 Our prices by customer for our brokerage and policyholder services and claims administration services were unchanged for the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 relative to the three and nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, and accordingly, the net increase in fee income was solely related to changes in the volume of business we managed.  
  Fee income from related party  represents a portion of fee income earned from Guarantee Insurance, a related party as described in Note 12,  Related Party Transactions . Fee income from Guarantee Insurance for claims administration services is based on the net portion of claims expense retained by Guarantee Insurance pursuant to quota share reinsurance agreements between Guarantee Insurance, PUI s third party insurance company customers and the segregated portfolio cell reinsurers that assume business written by Guarantee Insurance. Certain fee income from third-party segregated portfolio cell reinsurers is remitted to the Company by Guarantee Insurance on behalf of the segregated portfolio cell reinsurers. Fee income from Guarantee Insurance for brokerage, underwriting and policyholder services represents fees for soliciting applications for workers  compensation insurance for Guarantee Insurance, based on a percentage of premiums written or other amounts negotiated by the parties.  
 Because fee income from related party for claims administration services is based on the net portion of claims expense retained by Guarantee Insurance, as described in Note 13,  Concentration , the Company s revenues attributable to contracts with Guarantee Insurance do not necessarily represent fee income from related party. Effective July 1, 2016, Guarantee and Patriot Risk Services have amended the Claims Servicing Agreement removing fees allocated to claims services post twenty-four months of age. 
 Net Investment Income.  Net investment income was $2 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $49 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the net loss on investments was $0 compared to $58 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
 Net investment income was $37 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $85 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the net loss on investments was $295 thousand compared to $149 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Expenses: 
 Salaries and Related Expenses.  Salaries and related expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $23.4 million compared to $21.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.9 million.   
 Salaries and related expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $69.4 million compared to $53.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $15.6 million. 
 This increase was principally driven by additional headcount incurred to increase revenue, both organically and through acquisition. 
 Commission Expense.  Commission expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $11.9 million compared to $8.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $3.7 million.  This increase was a direct result of the increased fee income and fee income from related party recognized as a result of the increased volume in the business we manage.  
 Commission expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $36.0 million compared to $25.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $10.4 million.  This increase was a direct result of the increased fee income and fee income from related party recognized as a result of the increased volume in the business we manage. 
 Outsourced Services.  Outsourced services for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $3.9 million compared to $2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.5 million. This increase was principally due to the services that are outsourced by Global HR Research LLC, an acquisition made as of August 31, 2015.   
 34 

Outsourced services for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $11.1 million compared to $7.6 million for the nine months ended September   30, 2015, an increase of $3.5 million. This increase was principally due to the services that are outsourced by Global HR Research LLC, an acquisition made as of August 31, 2015.  
 Other Operating Expenses . Other operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $10.1 million compared to $12.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $1.9 million. This decrease is directly attributable to operating cost reductions implemented in the current year.   
 Other operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $29.4 million compared to $25.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $4.1 million. 
  The increase of other operating expense corresponds to the increased volume in business we manage. 
 Acquisition Costs.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred $0.4 million and $1.5 million of acquisition costs.   For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we incurred $1.4 million and $4.4 million of acquisition costs.  These costs were predominantly comprised of salary and related expenses, professional costs and other fees associated with acquisition activities.   
 Interest Expense . Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.6 million compared to $0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $0.7 million. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.3 million compared to $2.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $1.6 million.  The increase was attributable to higher average outstanding debt balances as well as the amortization of deferred loan costs associated with the amendments to our Senior Credit facility.  
 Depreciation and Amortization . Depreciation and amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.7 million compared to $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $0.3 million. Depreciation and amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $14.2 million compared to $10.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $4.1 million. The increase was attributable mainly to the increased intangible asset amortization associated with our acquisitions.  
 Stock Compensation Expense . The Company recognized $1.0 million of stock compensation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. We recognized $3.7 million of stock compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $8.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Stock compensation expense is related to vesting of restricted stock and stock option awards, the majority of which were granted at the IPO date on January 15, 2015. Therefore, the decrease in expense is the result of the runoff of unvested equity awards. See Note 10,  Stock-Based Compensation,  for further detail related to these awards and the recognized expense.  
 Increase (Decrease) in Fair Value of Earn-out Liability . The Company recorded expense of $19 thousand and income of $1.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, related to changes in the fair value of earnout obligations. The respective increase and decrease in fair value reflects the final computations and management estimates of certain earnouts pursuant to the respective purchase agreements for acquisitions as of September 30, 2016.  
 Decrease in Fair Value of Warrant Redemption Liability . There was a $5.6 million increase in the fair value of warrant redemption liability for the three months ending September 30, 2016, which was fully offset by a corresponding $5.6 million increase in the fair value of the forward purchase asset, which represents the Back-to-Back agreement. There was a $29.4 million increase in the fair value of warrant redemption liability for the nine months ending September 30, 2016, which was fully offset by a corresponding $29.4 million increase in the fair value of the forward purchase asset, which represents the Back-to-Back agreement.  These instruments are fully described in  Note 12 Related Party  and  Note 15 Warrant Redemption Liability .  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 the decrease in fair value of warrant redemption liability was $1.4 million which reflects the change in fair value from estimated valuation on December 31, 2014 to the exercise of the detachable common stock warrants associated with Pennant Park on January 22, 2015. There was no remaining warrant redemption liability as of September 30, 2015 and no subsequent fair value adjustments were required.  
 Costs from the Extinguishment of Debt . For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, there was no expense related to the extinguishment of debt as compared to $13.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Company recognized expenses for  Make-Whole  payments upon repayment of the PennantPark Debt and UBS Debt on January 22, 2015. These expenses were comprised of $3.8 million to the PennantPark Entities and $0.5 million to UBS.  Due to the magnitude of these expenses, they are presented separately from interest expense in our combined results for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Additionally, the Company recognized $9.4 of costs from extinguishment of debt for the write-off of original issued discounts and deferred financing related to the Pennant Park and UBS facilities.  
   Income Tax (Benefit) Expense . Income tax expense was $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to income tax expense of $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease in income tax expense of $0.1 million.  Income tax benefit was $6.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to income tax benefit of $1.7 million for   
 35 

the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase in income tax benefit of $  4.3   million.   The benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 wa  s largely attributable to the reversal of the $12.5 million valuation allowance of deferred tax assets.   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the effective income tax rates were approximately   3  8  % and   (44)  %,   respectively  , after giving effe  ct to the reversal of the valuation allowance.   The effective tax rate is based on forecasted annual pre-tax income, permanent differences and statutory tax rates.    Please refer to Note 16   Income taxes for further discussion.  
 Net Income: 
 As a result of the factors described above, net income decreased by $1.9 million to a net income of $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to net income of $3.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 net income was $19.4 million as compared to a net loss of $8 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $19.4 million. 
 Seasonality  
 Although our revenue and operating results associated with our claims administration services are generally not subject to seasonality, our revenue and operating results associated with our brokerage and policyholder services are generally subject to seasonal variations as a result of the distribution of renewal dates of existing policies throughout the year, with slightly more renewals occurring in the first and third calendar quarter based on the current distribution of such dates.  
 Impact of Inflation  
 Although we cannot accurately anticipate the effect of inflation on our operations, we believe that inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations during the last two fiscal years, nor do we believe it is likely to have such a material impact in the foreseeable future.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources and Uses of Funds 
 Our principal needs for liquidity have been, and for the foreseeable future will continue to be cash generated from operations, working capital, capital expenditures and funding potential acquisitions, potential redemption of detachable common stock warrants, as well as servicing our Senior Secured Credit Facility. Our primary sources of liquidity include cash flows from operations and available cash and cash equivalents. 
 We believe that our cash flow from operations and available cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2016, our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents were $13.2 million. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, restricted cash was $17.6 million, which are funds we receive from our insurance carrier clients and are earmarked exclusively for payments of claims on behalf of such clients. We cannot use restricted cash for other purposes. 
 To the extent we require additional liquidity, we anticipate that it will be funded through the incurrence of other indebtedness (which may include capital markets indebtedness, our Senior Secured Credit Facility or indebtedness under other credit facilities), equity financings or a combination thereof. Although we have no specific current plans to do so, if we decide to pursue one or more significant acquisitions, we may incur additional debt or sell additional equity to finance such acquisitions. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

36 

Operating Activities  
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $26.3 million compared to $7.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $19.3 million. The increase was largely attributable to increased cash earnings and favorable working capital during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to September 30, 2015. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $11.2 million compared to cash used by investing activities of $86.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $75.3 million. This increase was attributable to funding of acquisitions of $9.0 million in 2016 from $74.0 million in 2015, a decrease of $65.0 million, the purchase of fixed assets and other long-term assets of $3.5 million in 2016 from $4.6 million in 2015, a decrease of $1.1 million, a decrease in restricted cash of $1.5 million in 2016 from $4.5 million in 2015, a decrease of $3.0 million, an increase in the proceeds from the sale of equity securities of $3.2 million in 2016, net of $0.3 million used for the purchase of equity securities 2016 compares with $0.3 million dollar sale of equity securities net of $3.7 million used for the purchase of equity securities as of September 30, 2015. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $10.3 million compared to net cash provided by financing activity of $90.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $100.8 million. This decrease was attributable to $6.5 million of payments made in connection with acquisition earn-outs, payments of deferred consideration of $4.9 million and $8.7 million for the repurchase of our common stock in 2016, net of $15.9 million in proceeds from borrowings under our revolving credit facility and $1.8 million in capital lease payments. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made capital expenditures of $3.5 million attributable to $1.3 million of fixed assets and $2.2 million of capitalized software development.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we made capital expenditures of $4.6 million attributable to $2.2 million of fixed assets and $2.4 million of capitalized software development. 
 Indebtedness 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had $102.4 million of term loan debt outstanding under our Senior Secured Credit Facility reduced by deferred loan fees of $2.1 million, $33.9 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility, and we had $6.1 million remaining commitment under the revolving credit facility. We had $0.4 million of capital leases outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On January 22, 2015, we entered into a credit agreement which provides for a $40.0 million revolving credit facility and a $40.0 million term loan facility (the  Senior Secured Credit Facility ). The Senior Secured Credit Facility has a maturity of five years, and borrowings thereunder bear interest, at our option, at LIBOR plus a margin ranging from 250 basis points to 325 basis points or at base rate plus a margin ranging from 150 basis points to 225 basis points. Margins on all loans and fees will be increased by 2% per annum during the existence of an event of default. The revolving credit facility includes borrowing capacity available for letters of credit and borrowings on same-day notice, referred to as swing line loans. At any time prior to maturity, we have the right to increase the size of the revolving credit facility or the term loan facility by an aggregate amount of up to $20.0 million, but in minimum increments of $5.0 million.  
 As of June 30, 2015, we increased the term loan facility by $20.0 million through two $10.0 million incremental term loans. On August 14, 2015, we entered into a second amendment to the Senior Secured Credit Facility (the  Second Amendment ) which provides for an additional $50.0 million of term loans plus the ability to increase the term loan by an additional $50.0 million under certain conditions. The Second Amendment also added a requirement that until the we deliver a certificate certifying that (a) our total leverage ratio is equal to or less than 2.25 to 1.00 and (b) our Adjusted EBITDA for the twelve-months then ended is at least $70.0 million, the outstanding revolving loans (plus any swing line loans and the aggregate stated amount of all letters of credit) shall not exceed $30.0 million. On December 23,2015 we entered into a third amendment, which permits Patriot to exercise the provisions of the Rescission and Exchange Agreement for the private placement of company stock and warrants, and related Back-to-Back Agreement with the selling shareholder, as described in Related Party transactions. On March 3, 2016, we entered into a fourth amendment, which permits Patriot to repurchase shares of its outstanding common stock pursuant to certain volume and timing limitations. On May 16, 2016, we entered into a fifth amendment, which amended the conditions under which we access the revolving loan commitments. All other material terms and conditions in the Senior Secured Credit Facility were unchanged by the amendments.  
 37 

In addition to paying interest on outstanding principa  l under the Senior Secured Credit Facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the lenders under the revolving credit facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder, ranging from 35   basis points to 50 basis points, depending on specified leverage ratios. With respect to letters of credit, we are also required to pay a per annum participation fee equal to the applicable LIBOR margin on the face amount of each letter of credit as well a  s a fee equal to 0.125% on the face amount of each letter of credit issued (or the term of which is extended). This latter 0.125% fee is payable to the issuer of the letter of credit for its own account, along with any standard documentary and processing c  harges incurred in connection with any letter of credit.  
 The term loan facility amortizes quarterly beginning the first full quarter after the closing date at a rate of 5% per annum of the original principal amount during the first two years, 7.5% per annum of the original principal amount during the third and fourth years and 10% per annum of the original principal amount during the fifth year, with the remainder due at maturity. Principal amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility are due and payable in full at maturity. In the event of any sale or other disposition by us or our subsidiaries guaranteeing the Senior Secured Credit Facility of any assets with certain exceptions, we are required to prepay all proceeds received from such a sale towards the remaining scheduled payments of the term loan facility. 
 In addition, all obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facility are guaranteed by all of our existing and future subsidiaries, other than foreign subsidiaries to the extent the assets of such foreign subsidiaries do not exceed 5% of our and our subsidiaries  total assets on a combined basis, and secured by a first-priority perfected security interest in substantially all of our and our guaranteeing subsidiaries  tangible and intangible assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, including a pledge of 100% of the stock of each guarantor. 
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains certain covenants that, among other things and subject to significant exceptions, limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to engage in certain business and financing activities and that require us to maintain certain financial covenants, including requirements to maintain (i) a maximum total leverage ratio of total outstanding debt to adjusted EBITDA for the most recently ended four fiscal quarters of no more than 300% and (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of adjusted EBITDA to the sum of cash interest expense (which amount shall be calculated on an annualized basis for the three-, six- and nine-month periods ended March 31, 2016, June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016) plus income tax expense (or less any income tax benefits) plus capital expenditures plus dividends, share repurchases and other restricted payments plus regularly scheduled principal payments of debt for the same period of a least 150% for the most recently-ended four quarters. The Senior Secured Credit Facility allows us to pay dividends in an amount up to 50% of our net income if certain other financial conditions are met.  
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility contains other restrictive covenants, including those regarding: indebtedness (including capital leases) and guarantees; liens; operating leases; investments and acquisitions; loans and advances; mergers, consolidations and other fundamental changes; sales of assets; transactions with affiliates; no material changes in nature of business; dividends and distributions, stock repurchases, and other restricted payments; change in name, jurisdiction of organization or fiscal year; burdensome agreements; and capital expenditures.  
 The Senior Secured Credit Facility also has events of default that may result in acceleration of the borrowings thereunder, including: (i) nonpayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts (subject to customary grace periods for items other than principal); (ii) failure to perform or observe covenants set forth in the loan documentation (subject to customary grace periods for certain affirmative covenants); (iii) any representation or warranty proving to have been incorrect in any material respect when made; (iv) cross-default to other indebtedness and contingent obligations in an aggregate amount in excess of an amount to be agreed upon; (v) bankruptcy and insolvency defaults (with grace period for involuntary proceedings); (vi) inability to pay debts; (vii) monetary judgment defaults in excess of an agreed upon amount; (viii) ERISA defaults; (ix) change of control; (x) actual invalidity or unenforceability of any loan document, any security interest on any material portion of the collateral or asserted (by any loan party) invalidity or unenforceability of any security interest on any collateral; (xi) actual or asserted (by any loan party) invalidity or unenforceability of any guaranty; (xii) material unpaid, final judgments that have not been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within a specified number of days after the entry thereof; and (xiii) any other event of default agreed to by us and the Administrative Agent. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with the financial and other restrictive covenants under our outstanding material debt obligations, including our Senior Secured Credit Facility. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
   The Company has employment agreements with certain executives and other employees, which provide for compensation and certain other benefits and for severance payments under certain circumstances.  The employment agreements contain clauses that  
 38 

become effective upon a chan  ge of control of the Company.  Upon the occurrence of any of the defined events in the employment agreements, the Company would be obligated to pay certain amounts to the relevant employees.  
 The Company maintains cash at various financial institutions, and, at times, balances may exceed federal insured limits.  Management does not believe this results in any material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.  In the normal course of business, the Company may be party to various legal actions that management believes will not result in any material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 
 Effect of Recently Issued Financial Accounting Standards 
 In August, 2016 the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-15 to clarify whether the following items should be categorized as operating, investing or financing in the statement of cash flows: (i) debt prepayments and extinguishment costs, (ii) settlement of zero-coupon debt, (iii) settlement of contingent consideration, (iv) insurance proceeds, (v) settlement of corporate-owned life insurance (COLI) and bank-owned life insurance (BOLI) policies, (vi) distributions from equity method investees, (vii) beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and (viii) receipts and payments with aspects of more than one class of cash flows.  The new standard takes effect in 2018 for public companies. If an entity elects early adoption, it must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The company is reviewing the impact of this update and the impact on its financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , an update to Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . This new accounting guidance requires that all companies recognize the income tax effects of awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled, rather than maintaining an additional paid-in capital (APIC) pool and recognizing the tax benefits in excess of compensation costs through equity. As it relates to forfeitures, the guidance allows for companies to choose whether to continue to estimate forfeitures or account for forfeitures as they occur. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted and the new guidance may be applied either retrospectively or on a prospective basis. The Company is currently reviewing the guidance, and the impact from its adoption on our consolidated financial statements cannot be determined at this time. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, intended to improve financial reporting about leasing transactions. ASU 2016-02 affects all companies and other organizations that lease assets such as real estate, airplanes, and manufacturing equipment. ASU 2016-02 will require organizations that lease assets referred to as  lessees  to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. However, unlike current GAAP which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet ASU 2016-02 will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 also will require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements, providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements.   The Company is currently reviewing the guidance, and the impact from its adoption on our consolidated financial statements cannot be determined at this time. 
 ASU 2016-02 will take effect for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. For all other organizations, ASU 2016-02 will take effect for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and for interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. Early application will be permitted for all organizations. The Company is currently reviewing the guidance, and the impact from its adoption on our consolidated financial statements cannot be determined at this time. 
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,  which simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The updated standard is effective for us beginning on January 1, 2017 with early application permitted as of the beginning of any interim or annual reporting period. We adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2016, it has not had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements other than reclassifying current deferred tax assets and liabilities to noncurrent in the balance sheet. See Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion on income tax balances 
   In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,  Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments , an update to ASC   Topic 805,  Business Combinations .  This update requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to the provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjusting amounts are determined. The amendment requires that the acquirer record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The amendments in this update require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the  
 39 

acquisition date. The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The update should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amou  nts that occur after the effective date of this update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. We adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016 and it has not had material impact on our consolidated financial st  atements.    
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . The update requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of being presented as an asset. The update requires retrospective application. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted this new guidance beginning January 1, 2016. 
 In August 2014, the  FASB issued ASU  2014-15 regarding  ASC  Topic 205,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern . The updated guidance related to determining whether substantial doubt exists about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern. The amendment provides guidance for determining whether conditions or events give rise to substantial doubt that an entity has the ability to continue as a going concern within one year following issuance of the financial statements and requires specific disclosures regarding the conditions or events leading to substantial doubt. The updated guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted, but we do not anticipate electing early adoption. We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 In May 2014, the  FASB issued ASU  2014-09 regarding ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The standard provides principles for recognizing revenue for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers with the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued a deferral of effective date for this standard.  For public companies this standard applies to annual reporting period beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period, and early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the accounting, transition and disclosure requirements of the standard and cannot currently estimate the financial statement impact of adoption. 
 JOBS Act 
 The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, allow an emerging growth company to take advantage of specified reduced reporting requirements. In particular, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can utilize the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We have elected to take advantage of such extended transition period, and, as a result, we will not be required to comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for companies that are not emerging growth companies. 
   
 40 

Reconciliations to Non-GAAP Key Performance Measures  

41 

42 

43 

ITEM 3.   
 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

 As of September 30, 2016, we were not subject to any material interest rate risk or credit risk, and we had no exposure to foreign currency risk. 

ITEM 4.   
 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 44 

PART II   OTHE  R INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.   
 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

 On April 13, 2016, Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd. ( Hudson Bay ) filed suit in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company, Steven M. Mariano, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and American Stock Transfer Company, LLC as a nominal Defendant.  Hudson Bay alleges that the Company and Mr. Mariano are in breach of various contracts regarding delivery of price adjustment warrants, and that Mr. Mariano interfered with those same contracts between the Company and Hudson Bay.  Hudson Bay seeks specific performance of the contracts, monetary damages, and attorney s fees.  On April 14, 2016, CVI Investments Inc.( CVI ), also filed suit against the Company in the same court.  The CVI suit makes similar allegations of breach of contract regarding the price adjustment warrants.  The CVI suit similarly seeks specific performance of the contracts, monetary damages, and attorney s fees, as well as injunctive relief. 
 The Company has filed answers in both actions denying the allegations and asserting defenses.  The Company has been indemnified for any losses related to the warrant agreements by Mr. Mariano.   

ITEM 1A.   
 
     RISK FACTORS    

 For a discussion of our potential risks and uncertainties, see the information under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2.   
 
   UNREGISTERED SALES OF   EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

 None. 

ITEM 3.   
 
     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

 None. 

ITEM 4.   
 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    

 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.   
 
     OTHER INFORMATION    

 (a) None. 
 (b) None. 

45 

ITEM 6.   
 
          E  XHIBITS     

46 

31.2   

Certificate of Thomas C. Shields, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1  

Certificate of Steven M. Mariano, President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith)  

32.2  

Certificate of Thomas C. Shields, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith)  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

*   
 
 This document has been identified as a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    

 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.  
   
 47 

SIGNA  TURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
 
 By:  
 
 /s/ Thomas C. Shields   

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer  

Treasurer, Authorized Signatory  

48  

<EX-10.12>
 2
 pn-ex1012_118.htm
 EX-10.12

pn-ex1012_118.htm

Exhibit 10.12 
 FINANCING AGREEMENT  Dated as of November 9, 2016   by and among   PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC. AND EACH OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES LISTED AS  A BORROWER ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO, as Borrowers,   EACH SUBSIDIARY OF PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC. LISTED AS A GUARANTOR ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO, as Guarantors,   THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, as Lenders   and  CERBERUS BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC, 
  as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

- i -  

- ii -  

- iii -  

SCHEDULE AND EXHIBITS  

Schedule 1.01(A)  
 
 Lenders and Lenders  Commitments  

Schedule 1.01(B)  
 
 Facilities  

Schedule 1.01(C)  
 
 Restricted Insurance Carrier Accounts  

Schedule 6.01(e)  
 
 Capitalization; Subsidiaries  

Schedule 6.01(f)  
 
 Litigation  

Schedule 6.01(i)  
 
 ERISA  

Schedule 6.01(l)  
 
 Nature of Business  

Schedule 6.01(q)  
 
 Environmental Matters  

Schedule 6.01(r)  
 
 Insurance  

Schedule 6.01(u)  
 
 Intellectual Property  

Schedule 6.01(v)  
 
 Material Contracts  

Schedule 7.02(a)  
 
 Existing Liens  

Schedule 7.02(b)(i)  
 
 Existing Indebtedness  

Schedule 7.02(b)(ii)  
 
 Existing Earn-Out Obligations   

Schedule 7.02(e)  
 
 Existing Investments  

Schedule 7.02(k)  
 
 Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions  

Schedule 8.01  
 
 Cash Management Accounts  

Exhibit A  
 
 Form of Joinder Agreement  

Exhibit B  
 
 Form of Assignment and Acceptance  

Exhibit C  
 
 Form of Notice of Borrowing   

Exhibit D  
 
 Form of LIBOR Notice  

- v -  

FINANCING AGREEMENT  
 Financing Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2016, by and among Patriot National, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Patriot  ), each subsidiary of Patriot listed as a  Borrower  on the signature pages hereto (together with Patriot and each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a  Borrower  hereunder, each a   Borrower   and collectively, the   Borrowers  ), each subsidiary of Patriot listed as a   Guarantor   on the signature pages hereto (together with each other Person that executes a joinder agreement and becomes a  Guarantor  hereunder or otherwise guaranties all or any part of the Obligations (as hereinafter defined), each a   Guarantor   and collectively, the   Guarantors  ), the lenders from time to time party hereto (each a   Lender   and collectively, the   Lenders  ), Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  Cerberus  ), as collateral agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the   Collateral Agent  ), and Cerberus, as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the   Administrative Agent   and together with the Collateral Agent, each an   Agent   and collectively, the   Agents  ). 
 RECITALS 
 The Borrowers have asked the Lenders to extend credit to the Borrowers consisting of (a) a Term Loan (as hereinafter defined) in the aggregate principal amount of $250,000,000 and (b) a revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $30,000,000 at any time outstanding.  The proceeds of the term loan and the loans made under the revolving credit facility shall be used (i) to refinance existing indebtedness of the Loan Parties (as hereinafter defined), (ii) to fund the Effective Date Dividend (as hereinafter defined), (iii) to fund the Effective Date Stock Buyback (as hereinafter defined), (iv) for general working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties and (v) to pay fees and expenses related to this Agreement.  The Lenders are severally, and not jointly, willing to extend such credit to the Borrowers subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 
 In consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
                                                 ARTICLE I                                               DEFINITIONS; CERTAIN TERMS  
                                             Section 1.01   Definitions   . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below: 
   Account Debtor   means, with respect to any Person, each debtor, customer or obligor in any way obligated on or in connection with any Account of such Person  
   Action   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.12. 

Acquisition    means the acquisition (whether by means of a merger, consolidation or otherwise) of at least 90% of the Equity Interests of any Person or all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any Person.  
   Additional Amount   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(a). 
   Administrative Agent   has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
   Administrative Agent s Account   means an account at a bank designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time as the account into which the Loan Parties shall make all payments to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
   Administrative Borrower   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.05. 
   Affiliate   means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person.  For purposes of this definition,  control  of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) vote 15% or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of members of the Board of Directors of such Person or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall any Agent or any Lender be considered an  Affiliate  of any Loan Party. 
   Agent   has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
   Agreement   means this Financing Agreement, including all amendments, modifications and supplements and any exhibits or schedules to any of the foregoing, and shall refer to the Agreement as the same may be in effect at the time such reference becomes operative. 
   Anti-Corruption Laws   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(cc). 
   Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws   means any Requirement of Law relating to terrorism, economic sanctions or money laundering, including, without limitation, (a) the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986 ( i.e. , 18 U.S.C.    1956 and 1957), (b) the Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 (31 U.S.C.    5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C.    1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959), and the implementing regulations promulgated thereunder, (c) the USA PATRIOT Act and the implementing regulations promulgated thereunder, (d) the laws, regulations and Executive Orders administered by the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (  OFAC  ), (e) any law prohibiting or directed against terrorist activities or the financing or support of terrorist activities ( e.g. , 18 U.S.C.    2339A and 2339B), and (f) any similar laws enacted in the United States or any other jurisdictions in which the parties to this Agreement operate, as any of the foregoing laws have been, or shall hereafter be, amended, renewed, extended, or replaced and all other present and future legal requirements of any Governmental Authority governing, addressing, relating to, or attempting to eliminate, terrorist acts and acts of war and any regulations promulgated pursuant thereto. 

Applicable Margin    means  , as of any date of determination, with respect to the interest rate of any Revolving Loan or the Term Loan (or any portion thereof):  
     (a)  From the Effective Date until November 9, 2017 (the   Initial Applicable Margin Perio d ), the relevant Applicable Margin shall be set at Level I in the table below. 
     (b)  After the Initial Applicable Margin Period, the relevant Applicable Margin shall be set at the respective level indicated below based upon the Leverage Ratio set forth opposite thereto, which ratio shall be calculated as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for which quarterly financial statements and a certificate of an Authorized Officer of Patriot are received by the Agents and the Lenders in accordance with Section 7.01(a)(ii) and Section 7.01(a)(iv): 

(c)  Subject to clause (d) below, the adjustment of the Applicable Margin (if any) will occur 2 Business Days after the date the Administrative Agent receives the quarterly financial statements and a certificate of an Authorized Officer of Patriot in accordance with Section 7.01(a)(ii) and Section 7.01(a)(iv). 
       (d)  Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
 (i)  the Applicable Margin shall be set at Level I in the table above (x) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of a Default or Event of Default, or (y) if for any period, the Administrative Agent does not receive the financial statements and certificates described in clause (c) above, for the period commencing on the date such financial statements and certificate were required to be delivered through the date on which such financial statements and certificate are actually received by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders; and 
 (ii)  in the event that any financial statement or certificate described in clause (c) above is inaccurate (regardless of whether this Agreement or any Commitments are in effect when such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin for any fiscal period, then the Applicable Margin for such fiscal period shall be adjusted retroactively (to the effective date of the determination of the Applicable Margin that was based upon the delivery of such inaccurate financial statement or certificate) to reflect the correct Applicable Margin, and the Borrowers shall promptly make payments to the Agents and the Lenders to reflect such adjustment. 

Applicable Premium    means  
 (a)  as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (a), (b) or (c) of the definition thereof: 
 (i)  during the period from and after the Effective Date up to and including the date that is the first anniversary of the Effective Date (the   First Period  ), an amount equal to 3.00%  times  the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of undrawn Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event; 
 (ii)   during the period after the First Period up to and including the date  that is the second anniversary of the Effective Date (the   Second Period  ), an amount equal to 2.00%  times  the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of undrawn Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event;  
 (iii)   during the period after the Second Period up to and including the date  that is the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the   Third Period  ), an amount equal to 1.00%  times  the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of undrawn Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event; and 
 (iv)  thereafter, zero; and 
 (b)   as of the date of the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event specified in clause (d) of the definition thereof:  
 (i)  during the First Period, an amount equal to 1.50%  times  the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of undrawn Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event; 
 (ii)  during the Second Period, an amount equal to 1.00%  times  the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of undrawn Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event;  
 (iii)  during the Third Period, an amount equal to 0.50%  times  the sum of (A) the aggregate amount of all Obligations (other than the Applicable Premium) outstanding on the date of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event and (B) the aggregate amount of undrawn Revolving Credit Commitments immediately prior to such Applicable Premium Trigger Event; and 
 (iv)  thereafter, zero;  

Applicable Premium Trigger Event    means  
   (a)  the payment by any Loan Party of all of the Obligations, in full, in connection with any refinancing of the Loans; provided that no Applicable Premium shall be due and owing to any Lender if such Lender or any of its Affiliates is the lead lender under the credit facility effectuating the refinancing of the Loans;  
   (b)  the acceleration of the Obligations for any reason, including, without limitation, acceleration in accordance with Section 9.01 (other than as a result of the occurrence of a Change of Control), including as a result of the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding; 
 (c)  the satisfaction, release, payment, restructuring, reorganization, replacement, reinstatement, defeasance or compromise of any of the Obligations in any Insolvency Proceeding, foreclosure (whether by power of judicial proceeding or otherwise) or deed in lieu of foreclosure or the making of a distribution of any kind in any Insolvency Proceeding to the Collateral Agent, for the account of the Lenders in full or partial satisfaction of the Obligations; or 
 (d)  the termination of this Agreement as a result of the occurrence of a Change of Control. 
   Assignment and Acceptance   means an assignment and acceptance entered into by an assigning Lender and an assignee, and accepted by the Collateral Agent (and the Administrative Agent, if applicable), in accordance with Section 12.07 hereof and substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto or such other form acceptable to the Collateral Agent. 
   Authorized Officer   means, with respect to any Person, the chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or other financial officer performing similar functions, president or executive vice president of such Person. 
   Availability   means, at any time, the difference between (a) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and (b)  the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans. 
   Available Amount   shall mean, during any Fiscal Year (the   Current Fiscal Year  ), an amount, not less than zero, in the aggregate, equal to: 
 (a)  the Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount based on Excess Cash Flow from the immediately preceding Fiscal Year,  minus  
 (b)  any amount of the Available Amount used to make Permitted Acquisitions permitted under Section 7.02(e) during the Current Fiscal Year,  minus  
 (c)  any amount of the Available Amount used to make Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.02(h) during the Current Fiscal Year; 

provided, that in no event shall the Available Amount exceed (i) in the case of Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.02(h) during any Current Fiscal Year, 25% of the Excess Cash Flow of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and (ii) in the case of Permitted Acquisitions permitted under Section 7.02(e) during any Current Fiscal Year, 50% of the Excess Cash Flow of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year.   
   Bankruptcy Code   means Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended from time to time and any successor statute or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors. 
   Blocked Person   means any Person: 
       (a)  that (i) is identified on the list of  Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons  published by OFAC; (ii) resides, is organized or chartered, or has a place of business in a country or territory that is the subject of an OFAC Sanctions Program; or (iii) a United States Person is prohibited from dealing or engaging in a transaction with under any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws; and 
       (b)  that is owned or controlled by, or that owns or controls, or that is acting for or on behalf of, any Person described in clause (a) above. 
   Board   means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States  (or any successor) . 
   Board of Directors   means with respect to (a) any corporation, the board of directors of the corporation or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of such board, (b) a partnership, the board of directors of the general partner of the partnership, (c) a limited liability company, the managing member or members or any controlling committee or board of directors of such company or the sole member or the managing member thereof, and (d) any other Person, the board or committee of such Person serving a similar function. 
   Borrower   has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
   Business Day   means (a) for all purposes other than as described in clause (b) below, any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required to close, and (b) with respect to the borrowing, payment or continuation of, or determination of interest rate on, LIBOR Rate Loans, any day that is a Business Day described in clause (a) above and on which dealings in Dollars may be carried on in the interbank eurodollar markets in New York City and London. 

Capital Expenditures    means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum of (a) the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period that in accordance with GAAP are or should be included in  property, plant and equipment  or in a similar fixed asset account on its balance sheet, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, including all Capitalized Lease Obligations, obligations under synthetic leases and capitalized software costs that are paid or due and payable during such period and (b) to the extent not covered by clause (a) above, the aggregate of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to acquire by purchase or otherwise the business or fixed assets of, or the Equity Interests of, any other Person;   provided  , that the term  Capital Expenditures  shall not include any such expenditures which constitute (i) expenditures financed with the proceeds received from the sale or issuance of Equity Interests, (ii) expenditures that are accounted for as capital expenditures of such Person and that actually are paid for by a third party (excluding any Loan Party) and for which no Loan Party has provided or is required to provide or incur, directly or indirectly, any consideration or obligation to such third party or any other person (whether before, during or after such period), (iii) the purchase price of equipment that is purchased substantially contemporaneously with the trade in of existing equipment to the extent that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted by the seller of such equipment for the equipment being traded in at such time, (iv) expenditures made in connection with the replacement, substitution or restoration of assets to the extent financed (A) from insurance proceeds (or similar recoveries) paid on account of the loss of or damage to the assets being replaced or restored or (B) with awards of compensation arising from the taking by eminent domain or condemnation of the assets being replaced or (v) a Permitted Acquisition.  
   Capitalized Lease   means, with respect to any Person, any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property by such Person as lessee that is required under GAAP to be capitalized on the balance sheet of such Person. 
   Capitalized Lease Obligations   means, with respect to any Person, obligations of such Person and its Subsidiaries under Capitalized Leases, and, for purposes hereof, the amount of any such obligation shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. 
   Cash Equivalents   means (a) marketable direct obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States Government or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case, maturing within six months from the date of acquisition thereof; (b) commercial paper, maturing not more than 365 days after the date of issue rated P 1 by Moody s or A 1 by Standard   Poor  (c) certificates of deposit maturing not more than 365 days after the date of issue, issued by commercial banking institutions and money market or demand deposit accounts maintained at commercial banking institutions, each of which is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $500,000,000; (d) repurchase agreements having maturities of not more than 90 days from the date of acquisition which are entered into with major money center banks included in the commercial banking institutions described in clause (c) above and which are secured by readily marketable direct obligations of the United States Government or any agency thereof; (e) money market accounts maintained with mutual funds having assets in excess of $2,500,000,000, which assets are primarily comprised of Cash Equivalents described in another clause of this definition; and (f) marketable tax exempt securities rated A or higher by Moody s or A+ or higher by Standard   Poor s, in each case, maturing within 365 days from the date of acquisition thereof. 

Cash Management Accounts    means the bank accounts of each Loan Party maintained at one or more Cash Management Banks listed on Schedule 8.01.  
   Cash Management Bank   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8.01(a). 
   Change in Law   means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority;  provided  that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities shall, in each case, be deemed to be a  Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
   Change of Control   means each occurrence of any of the following: 
     (a)  the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) that owns 5% or less of the Equity Interests of Patriot as of the Effective Date of beneficial ownership of more than 33% on a fully diluted basis of the aggregate outstanding voting power of the Equity Interests of Patriot; 
 (b)  the acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) that owns more than 5% of the Equity Interests of Patriot as of the Effective Date of beneficial ownership of more than 50%, other than Steven M. Mariano, on a fully diluted basis of the aggregate outstanding voting power of the Equity Interests of Patriot; 
     (c)  during any period of 24 consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors of Patriot (together with any new directors whose election by such Board of Directors or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of Patriot was approved by, or subsequently ratified by, a vote of at least a majority of the directors of Patriot then still in office who were either directors at the beginning of such period, or whose election or nomination for election was previously approved) cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of Patriot; or 
 (d)  Patriot shall cease to have beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of (i) 100% of the aggregate voting or economic power of the Equity Interests of each other Loan Party, other than Contego Services Group, LLC and Decision UR, LLC, (ii) at least 97% of the aggregate voting or economic power of Contego Services Group, LLC and (iii) at least 98.8% of the aggregate voting or economic power of Decision UR, LLC, in each case (other than in connection with any transaction permitted pursuant to Section 7.02(c)(i)), free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens). 

Closing Fee    has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.06(a).  
   Collateral   has the meaning specified therefor in the Security Agreement. 
   Collateral Agent   has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
   Collateral Agent Advances   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.08(a). 
   Collections   means all cash, checks, notes, instruments, and other items of payment (including insurance proceeds, proceeds of cash sales, rental proceeds, and tax refunds). 
   Commitments   means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and Term Loan Commitment. 
   Commodity Exchange Act   means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.   1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.    
   Compliance Certificate   has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.01(a)(iv). 
   Connection Income Taxes   means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
   Consolidated EBITDA   means, with respect to any Person for any period: 
     (a)  the Consolidated Net Income of such Person for such period, 
      plus   
     (b)  without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent deducted in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such period: 
 (i)  any provision for United States federal income taxes or other taxes measured by net income,  
 (ii)  Consolidated Net Interest Expense,  
 (iii)  any loss from extraordinary items,  
 (iv)  any depreciation and amortization expense,  
 (v)  any aggregate net loss on the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business,  

(vi)    solely for purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2016, any synergies and cost savings in connection with  acquisitions consummated prior to the Effective Date, provided that the amount of such cost savings attributable to such fiscal quarter shall not exceed $200,000,  
 (vii)  any loss attributable to the decrease in value of any Equity Interests held by a Loan Party in any Person that is not a Subsidiary of a Loan Party;  
 (viii)  any other non-cash expenditure, charge or loss for such period (other than any non-cash expenditure, charge or loss relating to write-offs, write-downs or reserves with respect to accounts and Inventory), 
 (ix)  realized losses on investments, loss on exchange of units and warrants, increase in the fair value of common stock and warrant redemption liability, non-cash stock compensation, 
 (x)  any acquisition costs and expenses incurred during the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2016 in connection with acquisitions consummated prior to the Effective Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000, 
 (xi)  any severance costs or expenses actually incurred within 18 months of the Effective Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000,  
 (xii)  expenses related to evaluating potential business combinations, capital raising, or other transactions for maximizing shareholder value in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,000,000, and 
 (xiii)  Permitted Management Bonus, 
  minus   
     (c)  without duplication, the sum of the following amounts for such period to the extent included in the calculation of such Consolidated Net Income for such period: 
 (i)  any credit for United States federal income taxes or other taxes measured by net income,  
 (ii)  any gain from extraordinary items,  
 (iii)  any aggregate net gain from the Disposition of property (other than accounts and Inventory) outside the ordinary course of business,  
 (iv)  any gain attributable to the increase in value of any Equity Interests held by a Loan Party in any Person that is not a Subsidiary of a Loan Party,  
 (v)  any other non-cash gain, including any reversal of a charge referred to in clause (b)(viii) above by reason of a decrease in the value of any Equity Interest, and 

(vi)    realized gains on investments and decrease in the fair value of common stock and warrant redemption liability;  
 in each case, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, for each of the periods set forth below, Consolidated EBITDA shall be the amount set forth opposite such period: 

Consolidated Net Income   means, with respect to any Person, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period;  provided ,  however , that the following shall be excluded:  (a) the net income of any other Person in which such Person or one of its Subsidiaries has a joint interest with a third-party (which interest does not cause the net income of such other Person to be consolidated into the net income of such Person), except to the extent of the amount of dividends or distributions paid to such Person or Subsidiary, (b) the net income of any Subsidiary of such Person that is, on the last day of such period, subject to any restriction or limitation on the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions, to the extent of such restriction or limitation, and (c) the net income of any other Person arising prior to such other Person becoming a Subsidiary of such Person or merging or consolidating into such Person or its Subsidiaries. 
   Consolidated Net Interest Expense   means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) gross interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP (including, without limitation, interest expense paid to Affiliates of such Person),  less  (b) the sum of (i) interest income for such period, (ii) gains for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in interest income above and to the extent not deducted in the calculation of gross interest expense) and (iii) capitalized fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement,  plus  (c) the sum of (i) losses for such period on Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense) and (ii) the upfront costs or fees for such period associated with Hedging Agreements (to the extent not included in gross interest expense), in each case, determined on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP. 
   Contingent Indemnity Obligations   means any Obligation constituting a contingent, unliquidated indemnification obligation of any Loan Party, in each case, to the extent (a) such obligation has not accrued and is not yet due and payable and (b) no claim has been made or is reasonably anticipated to be made with respect thereto. 

Contingent Obligation    means, with respect to any Person, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intending to guarantee any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations ( primary obligations ) of any other Person (the  primary obligor ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, (a) the direct or indirect guaranty, endorsement (other than for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business), co-making, discounting with recourse or sale with recourse by such Person of the obligation of a primary obligor, (b) the obligation to make take-or-pay or similar payments, if required, regardless of nonperformance by any other party or parties to an agreement, (c) any obligation of such Person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (A) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (B) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, assets, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the holder of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof;   provided  ,   however  , that the term  Contingent Obligation  shall not include any product warranties extended in the ordinary course of business.  The amount of any Contingent Obligation shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation with respect to which such Contingent Obligation is made (or, if less, the maximum amount of such primary obligation for which such Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument evidencing such Contingent Obligation) or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability with respect thereto (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder), as determined by such Person in good faith.  
   Contractual Obligation   means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
   Control Agreement   means, with respect to any deposit account, any securities account, commodity account, securities entitlement or commodity contract, an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, among the Collateral Agent, the financial institution or other Person at which such account is maintained or with which such entitlement or contract is carried and the Loan Party maintaining such account, effective to grant  control  (as defined under the applicable UCC) over such account to the Collateral Agent. 
   Current Value   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(m). 
   Debtor Relief Law   means the Bankruptcy Code and any other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief law of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time in effect. 
   Default   means an event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 

Defaulting Lender    means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within 2 Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within 2 Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Administrative Borrower, or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within 3 Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (  provided   that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Administrative Borrower and each Lender.  
   Disbursement Letter   means a disbursement letter, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, by and among the Loan Parties, the Agents, the Lenders and the other Persons party thereto, and the related funds flow memorandum describing the sources and uses of all cash payments in connection with the transactions contemplated to occur on the Effective Date. 

Disposition    means any transaction, or series of related transactions, pursuant to which any Person or any of its Subsidiaries sells, assigns, transfers, leases, licenses (as licensor) or otherwise disposes of any property or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to any other Person, in each case, whether or not the consideration therefor consists of cash, securities or other assets owned by the acquiring Person.  For purposes of clarification,  Disposition  shall include (a) the sale or other disposition for value of any contracts or (b) the early termination or modification of any contract resulting in the receipt by any Loan Party of a cash payment or other consideration in exchange for such event (other than payments in the ordinary course for accrued and unpaid amounts due through the date of termination or modification).     
   Disqualified Equity Interests   means any Equity Interest that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interest into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition, (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of dividends or distributions in cash, or (d) is convertible into or exchangeable for (i) Indebtedness or (ii) any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case of clauses (a) through (d), prior to the date that is 91 days after the Final Maturity Date. 
   Dividend/Acquisition Bucket   means, as of any date of determination, an amount that may be used to make a Restricted Payment in reliance upon clause (g) of the definition of  Permitted Restricted Payments  or to consummate a Permitted Acquisition in reliance upon clause (j) of the definition of  Permitted Acquisition , which amount shall be equal to $100,000,000,  plus  the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in connection with any Specified Disposition in excess of the applicable Specified Disposition Threshold Amount,  less  the sum of (a) the Effective Date Dividend, (b) the Effective Date Stock Buyback, (c) the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made prior to such date in reliance upon clause (g) of the definition of  Permitted Restricted Payments , (d) the aggregate amount of the purchase prices for any Permitted Acquisitions that are consummated prior to such date in reliance upon clause (j) of the definition of  Permitted Acquisition  and (e) the Permitted Management Bonus; provided that the Dividend/Acquisition Bucket shall be equal to zero on and after the 24 month anniversary of the Effective Date.  
   Dollar ,    Dollars   and the symbol   $   each means lawful money of the United States of America. 
   Domestic Subsidiary   means any Subsidiary that is organized and existing under the laws of the United States or any state or commonwealth thereof or under the laws of the District of Columbia. 
   Effective Date   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.01. 

Effective Date Dividend    means the dividend or distribution paid in cash by Patriot to the owners of the shares of common stock of Patriot on or within 30 days of the Effective Date in an amount not to exceed $100,000,000.  
   Effective Date Stock BuyBack   means payment by Patriot for the purchase or acquisition of shares of common stock of Patriot on or within 24 months of the Effective Date in an amount not to exceed $100,000,000,  less , as of the date of such payment, the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of the Effective Date Dividend, (b) the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made prior to such date in reliance upon clause (g) of the definition of  Permitted Restricted Payments  and (c) the aggregate amount of the purchase prices for any Permitted Acquisitions that are consummated prior to such date in reliance upon clause (j) of the definition of  Permitted Acquisition . 
   Employee Plan   means an employee benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) covered by Title IV of ERISA and maintained (or that was maintained at any time during the 6 calendar years preceding the date of any borrowing hereunder) for employees of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates. 
   Environmental Actions   means any complaint, summons, citation, notice, directive, order, claim, litigation, investigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, letter or other communication from any Person or Governmental Authority involving violations of Environmental Laws or Releases of Hazardous Materials (a) from any assets, properties or businesses owned or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor in interest; (b) from adjoining properties or businesses; or (c) onto any facilities which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor in interest.  
   Environmental Laws   means the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (42 U.S.C.   9601,  et   seq .), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49 U.S.C.   1801,  et   seq .), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C.   6901,  et   seq .), the Federal Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C.   1251  et   seq .), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C.   7401  et   seq .), the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C.   2601  et   seq .) and the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C.   651  et   seq .), as such laws may be amended or otherwise modified from time to time, and any other Requirement of Law, permit, license or other binding determination of any Governmental Authority imposing liability or establishing standards of conduct for protection of the environment or other government restrictions relating to the protection of the environment or the Release, deposit or migration of any Hazardous Materials into the environment. 
   Environmental Liabilities and Costs   means all liabilities, monetary obligations, Remedial Actions, losses, damages, punitive damages, consequential damages, treble damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigations and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest incurred as a result of any claim or demand by any Governmental Authority or any third party, and which relate to any environmental condition or a Release of Hazardous Materials from or onto (a) any property presently or formerly owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (b) any facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Environmental Lien    means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities and Costs.  
   Equity Interests   means (a) all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting and (b) all securities convertible into or exchangeable for any of the foregoing and all warrants, options or other rights to purchase, subscribe for or otherwise acquire any of the foregoing, whether or not presently convertible, exchangeable or exercisable. 
   Equity Issuance   means either (a) the sale or issuance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any shares of its Equity Interests or (b) the receipt by Patriot of any cash capital contributions. 
   ERISA   means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute of similar import, and regulations thereunder, in each case, as in effect from time to time.  References to sections of ERISA shall be construed also to refer to any successor sections. 
   ERISA Affiliate   means, with respect to any Person, any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) which is a member of a group of which such Person is a member and which would be deemed to be a  controlled group  within the meaning of Sections 414(b), (c), (m) and (o) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
   Event of Default   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 9.01. 
     Excess Cash Flow   means, with respect to any Person for any period, (a) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period,  less  (b) the sum of, without duplication, (i) all cash principal payments (excluding any principal payments made pursuant to Section 2.05(b) or  Section 2.05(c)) on the Loans made during such period (but, in the case of the Revolving Loans, only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), and all cash principal payments on Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness incurred under this Agreement) of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries during such period to the extent such other Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement (but, in the case of revolving loans, only to the extent that the revolving credit commitment in respect thereof is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), (ii) all Consolidated Net Interest Expense to the extent paid or payable in cash during such period, (iii) the cash portion of Capital Expenditures (including any Capitalized Lease Obligations) made by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period to the extent permitted to be made under this Agreement (excluding Capital Expenditures to the extent financed through the incurrence of Indebtedness or through an Equity Issuance), (iv) all scheduled loan servicing fees and other similar fees in respect of Indebtedness of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries paid in cash during such period, to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred, and such payments are permitted to be made, under this Agreement, (v) income taxes paid in cash by such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, (vi) the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the end of such period  

over Working Capital at the beginning of such period (or minus the excess, if any, of Working Capital at the beginning of such period over Working Capital at the end of such period), (vii) all payments in cash during such period in respect of contingent earn-out obligations, to the extent such Indebtedness is set forth on Schedule 7.02(b)(ii) and such payments are not prohibited to be made under this Agreement and (viii) amounts added back to Consolidated EBITDA for such period pursuant to clauses (x) through (xiii) of the definition of  Consolidated EBITDA .  
   Exchange Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
   Excluded Account   means (a) any deposit account specifically and exclusively used for payroll, payroll taxes and other employee wage and benefit payments to or for the benefit of any Loan Party s employees, (b) any Petty Cash Accounts and (c) any other deposit account used for funding insurance claim payouts or trust accounts holding insurance premiums listed on Schedule 1.01(C). 
   Excluded Swap Obligation   means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason not to constitute an  eligible contract participant  as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor becomes effective with respect to such related Swap Obligation.    
   Excluded Taxes   means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such  interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than  pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.12(b))   or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.09, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.09(d) and (d)  any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA . 
   Executive Order No. 13224   means the Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 

Existing Credit Facility    means the Credit Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2015, among Patriot, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administration Agent, Issuing Lender and Swing Line Lender, and the various lenders who are party thereto, as amended.  
   Existing Lenders   means the lenders party to the Existing Credit Facility. 
   Extraordinary Receipts   means any cash received by Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries not in the ordinary course of business (and not consisting of proceeds described in Section 2.05(c)(ii) or (iii) hereof), including, without limitation, (a) foreign, United States, state or local tax refunds, (b) proceeds of insurance (other than to the extent such insurance proceeds are (i) immediately payable to a Person that is not Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries in accordance with applicable Requirements of Law or with Contractual Obligations entered into in the ordinary course of business or (ii) received by Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries as reimbursement for any out-of-pocket costs incurred or made by such Person prior to the receipt thereof directly related to the event resulting from the payment of such proceeds) and (c) condemnation awards (and payments in lieu thereof). 
   Facility   means the real property identified on Schedule 1.01(B) and any New Facility hereafter acquired by Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, the land on which each such facility is located, all buildings and other improvements thereon, and all fixtures located thereat or used in connection therewith. 
   FASB ASC   means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
   FATCA   means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
   FCPA   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(cc). 
   Federal Funds Rate   means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it. 
   Final Maturity Date   means November 9, 2021. 

Financial Statements    means (a) the audited consolidated balance sheet of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for the Fiscal Year then ended, and (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the 6 months ended June 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholder s equity and cash flows for the 6 months then ended.  
   Fiscal Year   means the fiscal year of Patriot and its Subsidiaries ending on December 31 st  of each year. 
   Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio   means, with respect to any Person for any period, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period, minus (ii) unfinanced Capital Expenditures made by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period, to (b) the sum of (i) all principal of Indebtedness of such Person and its Subsidiaries scheduled to be paid or prepaid during such period to the extent there is an equivalent permanent reduction in the commitments thereunder,  plus  (ii) Consolidated Net Interest Expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period,  plus  (iii) income taxes paid or payable by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period,  plus  (iv) cash dividends or distributions paid, or the purchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for value (including in connection with any merger or consolidation), by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries, in respect of the Equity Interests of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries (other than dividends or distributions paid by a Loan Party to any other Loan Party) during such period,  plus  (v) all management, consulting, monitoring, and advisory fees paid by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries to any of its Affiliates during such period. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, for each of the periods set forth below, the amounts identified in clauses (b)(i), (b)(ii) and (b)(iii) of the definition of  Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  shall be the amount set forth opposite such period: 

Foreign Official   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(cc). 
   Foreign Subsidiary   means any Subsidiary of Patriot that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
   Funding Losses   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.08. 

GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States, applied on a consistent basis, provided that for the purpose of Section 7.03 hereof and the definitions used therein,  GAAP  shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in effect on the date hereof and consistent with those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements, provided, further, that if there occurs after the date of this Agreement any change in GAAP that affects in any respect the calculation of any covenant contained in Section 7.03 hereof, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Borrower shall negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that relate to the calculation of such covenant with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and the Borrowers after such change in GAAP conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions as of the date of this Agreement and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon, the covenants in Section 7.03 hereof shall be calculated as if no such change in GAAP has occurred.  
   Governing Documents   means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, and the operating agreement; (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture, declaration or other applicable agreement or documentation evidencing or otherwise relating to its formation or organization, governance and capitalization; and (d) with respect to any of the entities described above, any other agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization. 
   Governmental Authority   means any nation or government, any foreign, Federal, state, territory, provincial, city, town, municipality, county, local or other political subdivision thereof or thereto and any department, commission, board, bureau, instrumentality, agency or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
   Guaranteed Obligations   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 11.01. 
   Guarantor   means (a) each Subsidiary of Patriot listed as a  Guarantor  on the signature pages hereto, and (b) each other Person which guarantees, pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or otherwise, all or any part of the Obligations. 
   Guaranty   means (a) the guaranty of each Guarantor party hereto contained in Article XI hereof and (b) each other guaranty, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by any other Guarantor in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders guaranteeing all or part of the Obligations. 

Hazardous Material    means (a) any element, compound or chemical that is defined, listed or otherwise classified as a contaminant, pollutant, toxic pollutant, toxic or hazardous substance, extremely hazardous substance or chemical, hazardous waste, special waste, or solid waste under Environmental Laws or that is likely to cause immediately, or at some future time, harm to or have an adverse effect on, the environment or risk to human health or safety, including, without limitation, any pollutant, contaminant, waste, hazardous waste, toxic substance or dangerous good which is defined or identified in any Environmental Law and which is present in the environment in such quantity or state that it contravenes any Environmental Law; (b) petroleum and its refined products; (c) polychlorinated biphenyls; (d) any substance exhibiting a hazardous waste characteristic, including, without limitation, corrosivity, ignitability, toxicity or reactivity as well as any radioactive or explosive materials; and (e) any raw materials, building components (including, without limitation, asbestos-containing materials) and manufactured products containing hazardous substances listed or classified as such under Environmental Laws.  
   Hedging Agreement   means any interest rate, foreign currency, commodity or equity swap, collar, cap, floor or forward rate agreement, or other agreement or arrangement designed to protect against fluctuations in interest rates or currency, commodity or equity values (including, without limitation, any option with respect to any of the foregoing and any combination of the foregoing agreements or arrangements), and any confirmation executed in connection with any such agreement or arrangement. 
   Highest Lawful Rate   means, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, the maximum non-usurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Obligations under laws applicable to such Agent or such Lender which are currently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect and which allow a higher maximum non-usurious interest rate than applicable laws now allow. 
   Holdout Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(b) 
     Indebtedness   means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables or other accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of such Person s business and not outstanding for more than 120 days after the date such payable was created and any earn-out, purchase price adjustment or similar obligation until such obligation appears in the liabilities section of the balance sheet of such Person); (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or upon which interest payments are customarily made; (d) all reimbursement, payment or other obligations and liabilities of such Person created or arising under any conditional sales or other title retention agreement with respect to property used and/or acquired by such Person, even though the rights and remedies of the lessor, seller and/or lender thereunder may be limited to repossession or sale of such property; (e) all Capitalized Lease Obligations of such Person; (f) all obligations and liabilities, contingent or otherwise, of such Person, in respect of letters of credit, acceptances and similar facilities; (g) all obligations and liabilities, calculated on a basis satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and in accordance with accepted practice, of such Person under Hedging Agreements; (h) all monetary obligations under  

any receivables factoring, receivable sales or similar transactions and all monetary obligations under any synthetic lease, tax ownership/operating lease, off-balance sheet financing or similar financing; (i) all Contingent Obligations; (j) all Disqualified Equity Interests; and (k) all obligations referred to in clauses (a) through (j) of this definition of another Person secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) a Lien upon property owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness.  The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership of or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer.  
   Indemnified Matters   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15. 
   Indemnified Taxes   means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. 
   Indemnitees   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.15. 
   Insolvency Proceeding   means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of any Debtor Relief Law. 
   Intellectual Property   has the meaning specified therefor in the Security Agreement. 
   Intercompany Subordination Agreement   means an Intercompany Subordination Agreement made by Patriot and its Subsidiaries in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 
   Interest Period   means, with respect to each LIBOR Rate Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such LIBOR Rate Loan (or the continuation of a LIBOR Rate Loan or the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan) and ending 1, 2, or 3 months thereafter;  provided ,  however , that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended (subject to clauses (c)-(e) below) to the next succeeding Business Day, (b) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon the LIBOR Rate from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires, (c) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (d) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month that is 1, 2 or 3 months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, and (e) the Borrowers may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Final Maturity Date. 
   Internal Revenue Code   means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or any successor statute thereto) and the regulations thereunder. 

Inventory    means, with respect to any Person, all goods and merchandise of such Person leased or held for sale or lease by such Person, including, without limitation, all raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods, and all packaging, supplies and materials of every nature used or usable in connection with the shipping, storing, advertising or sale of such goods and merchandise, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and all such other property the sale or other disposition of which would give rise to an Account or cash.  
   Investment   means, with respect to any Person, (a) any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees, advances or other extensions of credit (excluding Accounts arising in the ordinary course of business), capital contributions or acquisitions of Indebtedness (including, any bonds, notes, debentures or other debt securities), Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), (b) the purchase or ownership of any futures contract or liability for the purchase or sale of currency or other commodities at a future date in the nature of a futures contract, or (c) any investment in any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
   Joinder Agreement   means a Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit A, duly executed by a Subsidiary of a Loan Party made a party hereto pursuant to Section 7.01(b). 
   Lease   means any lease of real property to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party as lessor or lessee. 
   Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
   Leverage Ratio   means, with respect to any Person and its Subsidiaries for any period, the ratio of (a) all Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) in the definition thereof of such Person and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such period to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period. 
   LIBOR   means, with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a LIBOR Rate Loan, the rate per annum rate appearing on Bloomberg L.P. s (the   Service  ) Page LIBOR01 (or on any successor or substitute page of such Service, or any successor to or substitute for such Service), at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period, in an amount approximately equal to the principal amount of the LIBOR Rate Loan to which such Interest Period is to apply and for a period of time comparable to such Interest Period, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then  LIBOR  for such Interest Period shall be the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate per annum equal to the offered quotation rate to first class banks in the London interbank market for deposits (for delivery on the first day of the relevant period) in Dollars of amounts in same day funds comparable to the principal amount of the applicable LIBOR Rate Loan of 3 major London banks for which LIBOR is then being determined with maturities comparable to such Interest Period as of approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if  LIBOR  shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 

LIBOR Deadline    has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.07(a).  
   LIBOR Notice   means a written notice substantially in the form of Exhibit D.  
   LIBOR Option   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.07(a). 
   LIBOR Rate   means, for each Interest Period for each LIBOR Rate Loan, the greater of (a) the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (rounded upwards if necessary, to the next 1/100%) by dividing (i) LIBOR for such Interest Period by (ii) 100% minus the Reserve Percentage and (b) 1.00%.  The LIBOR Rate shall be adjusted on and as of the effective day of any change in the Reserve Percentage. 
   LIBOR Rate Loan   means each portion of a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the LIBOR Rate. 
   Lien   means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security or preferential arrangement of any nature, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, any Capitalized Lease and any assignment, deposit arrangement or financing lease intended as, or having the effect of, security. 
   Loan   means the Term Loan or any Revolving Loan made by an Agent or a Lender to the Borrowers pursuant to Article II hereof. 
   Loan Account   means an account maintained hereunder by the Administrative Agent on its books of account at the Payment Office, and with respect to the Borrowers, in which the Borrowers will be charged with all Loans made to, and all other Obligations incurred by, the Borrowers. 
   Loan Document   means this Agreement, any Control Agreement, the Disbursement Letter, any Guaranty, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, any Joinder Agreement, any Mortgage, any Security Agreement, any UCC Filing Authorization Letter, any landlord waiver, any collateral access agreement, any Perfection Certificate and any other agreement, instrument, certificate, report and other document executed and delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or otherwise evidencing or securing any Loan  or any other Obligation. 
   Loan Party   means any Borrower and any Guarantor. 
   Loan Servicing Fee   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.06(d). 
   Material Adverse Effect   means a material adverse effect on any of (a) the operations, assets, liabilities or financial condition of the Loan Parties taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan Parties taken as a whole to perform any of their obligations under any Loan Document, (c) the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (d) the rights and remedies of any Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document, or (e) the validity, perfection or priority of a Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on Collateral having a fair market value in excess of $3,000,000. 

Material Contract    means, with respect to any Person, all contracts or agreements as to which the breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
   Moody s   means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
   Mortgage   means a mortgage, deed of trust or deed to secure debt, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, securing the Obligations and delivered to the Collateral Agent. 
   Multiemployer Plan   means a  multiemployer plan  as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has contributed, or has been obligated to contribute, to at any time during the preceding 6 years. 
   Net Cash Proceeds   means, with respect to, any issuance or incurrence of any Indebtedness, any Equity Issuance, any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts by any Person or any of its Subsidiaries, the aggregate amount of cash received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment or disposition of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Person or such Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (a) in the case of any Disposition or the receipt of any Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards, the amount of any Indebtedness secured by any Permitted Lien on any asset (other than Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid in connection therewith (other than Indebtedness under this Agreement), (b) reasonable expenses related thereto incurred by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith (including sales commissions and legal, accounting, advisory and investment banking fees), (c) transfer taxes paid to any taxing authorities by such Person or such Subsidiary in connection therewith, and (d) net income taxes to be paid in connection therewith (after taking into account any tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing arrangements), in each case, to the extent, but only to the extent, that the amounts so deducted are (i) actually paid to a Person that, except in the case of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, is not an Affiliate of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) properly attributable to such transaction or to the asset that is the subject thereof. 
   New Facility   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 7.01(m). 
   New Lending Office   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(d). 
   Non-U.S. Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(d). 
   Notice of Borrowing   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(a). 

Obligations    means all present and future indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities of each Loan Party to the Agents and the Lenders arising under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, whether or not the right of payment in respect of such claim is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured, unsecured, and whether or not such claim is discharged, stayed or otherwise affected by any proceeding referred to in Section 9.01.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of each Loan Party under the Loan Documents include (a) the obligation (irrespective of whether a claim therefor is allowed in an Insolvency Proceeding) to pay principal, interest, charges, expenses, fees, premiums (including the Applicable Premium), attorneys  fees and disbursements, indemnities and other amounts payable by such Person under the Loan Documents, and (b) the obligation of such Person to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing that any Agent or any Lender (in its sole discretion) may elect to pay or advance on behalf of such Person.  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations.  
   OFAC Sanctions Programs   means (a) the Requirements of Law and Executive Orders administered by OFAC, including, without limitation, Executive Order No. 13224, and (b) the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons administered by OFAC, in each case, as renewed, extended, amended, or replaced. 
   Other Connection Taxes   means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
   Other Taxes   means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document. 
   Participant Register   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(i). 
   Patriot   has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble hereto. 
  Payment Office   means the Administrative Agent s office located at Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, 875 Third Avenue, New York, New York 10022, or at such other office or offices of the Administrative Agent as may be designated in writing from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Collateral Agent and the Borrower. 
   PBGC   means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor thereto. 
   Perfection Certificate   means a certificate in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent providing information with respect to the property of each Loan Party.  

Permitted Acquisition    means any Acquisition by a Loan Party to the extent that each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied:  
   (a)  no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result from the consummation of the proposed Acquisition; 
   (b)  the Borrower shall have furnished to the Agents at least 10 Business Days prior to the consummation of such Acquisition (i) an executed term sheet and/or commitment letter (setting forth in reasonable detail the terms and conditions of such Acquisition) and, at the request of any Agent, such other information and documents that any Agent may request, including, without limitation, executed counterparts of the respective agreements, instruments or other documents pursuant to which such Acquisition is to be consummated (including, without limitation, any related management, non-compete, employment, option or other material agreements), any schedules to such agreements, instruments or other documents and all other material ancillary agreements, instruments or other documents to be executed or delivered in connection therewith, (ii) pro forma financial statements of the Patriot and its Subsidiaries after the consummation of such Acquisition, (iii) a certificate of the chief financial officer of Patriot, demonstrating (x) on a pro forma basis compliance, as at the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter for which internally prepared financial statements are available, with all covenants set forth in Section 7.03 hereof after giving effect to the consummation of such Acquisition and (y) that the Leverage Ratio of Patriot and its Subsidiaries would be less than 3.50:1.00 after giving effect to the consummation of such Acquisition (other than an Acquisition the purchase price of which is funded solely with amounts permitted under clause (j) below) and (iv) copies of such other agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent shall reasonably request; 
   (c)  such Acquisition shall be effected in such a manner so that the acquired assets or Equity Interests are owned by a Loan Party and, if effected by merger or consolidation involving a Loan Party, a Loan Party shall be the continuing or surviving Person; 
 (d)  no Revolving Loans shall be outstanding immediately before or after the consummation of such Acquisition; 
   (e)  the assets being acquired or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired did not have negative Consolidated EBITDA during the 12 consecutive month period most recently concluded prior to the date of the proposed Acquisition, provided that, in the case of an Acquisition which is funded solely with amounts permitted under clause (j) below, the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to such assets or Person shall not be less than -$1,000,000; 
   (f)  the assets being acquired (other than a  de minimis  amount of assets in relation to the Loan Parties  and their Subsidiaries  total assets), or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired, are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries or a business reasonably related thereto; 
   (g)  the assets being acquired (other than a  de minimis  amount of assets in relation to the assets being acquired) are located within the United States or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within the United States;  

(h)    any such Subsidiary (and its equityholders) shall execute and deliver the agreements, instruments and other documents required by Section 7.01(b) within five (5) Business Days after the date of the consummation of such Acquisition;   
 (i)  the purchase price payable in respect of all Acquisitions in the aggregate during any Fiscal Year shall not exceed the Available Amount of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year plus any amount permitted under clause (j) below; and  
 (j)  in addition to the purchase price parameters set forth in clause (i) above, Patriot and its Subsidiaries shall be permitted to fund the purchase price in respect of Acquisitions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Dividend/Acquisition Bucket as of the date of the consummation of such Acquisition.  
   Permitted Disposition   means: 
       (a)  sale of Inventory and Permitted Investments in the ordinary course of business; 
       (b)  licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business; 
       (c)  leasing or subleasing assets in the ordinary course of business; 
       (d)  (i) the lapse of Registered Intellectual Property of Patriot and its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable in the conduct of their business or (ii) the abandonment of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), (A) with respect to copyrights, such copyrights are not material revenue generating copyrights, and (B) such lapse is not materially adverse to the interests of the Secured Parties; 
       (e)  any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property; 
       (f)  any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property; 
       (g)  so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, transfers of assets (i) from Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries  to a Loan Party, and (ii) from any Subsidiary of Patriot that is not a Loan Party to any other Subsidiary of Patriot; 
       (h)  Disposition of obsolete or worn-out equipment in the ordinary course of business; 
       (i)  Disposition of property or assets  not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (h) above  for cash in an aggregate amount not less than the fair market value of such property or assets;  

(j)    Specified Disposition so long as the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds from all such Specified Dispositions do not exceed the lesser of (1) 20% of Patriot s TTM Consolidated EBITDA on the Effective Date and (2) 25% of Patriot s TTM Consolidated EBITDA determined after giving pro forma effect to such Specified Disposition based on Patriot s financial statements most recently delivered to the Agents pursuant to Section 7.01(a);   
 (k)  Dispositions of accounts receivable and captive claims recoverable balances in connection with the collection or compromise thereof in the ordinary course of business;  
 (l)   to the extent deemed a Disposition and without any duplication, the making of a Permitted Investment; 
 (m)  Dispositions permitted by Section 7.02(c)(i); and 
 (n)  to the extent deemed a Disposition and without any duplication, the making of a Permitted Investment; 
  provided  that, if required pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(ii) or Section 2.05(c)(vi), the Net Cash Proceeds of such Dispositions (including the proposed Disposition) (1) in the case of clauses (h) and (i) above, do not exceed $500,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year and (2) in all cases, are paid to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to the terms of Section 2.05(c)(ii) or applied as provided in Section 2.05(c)(vi), if required to be so paid or applied pursuant to such Sections. 
   Permitted Indebtedness   means: 
   (a)  any Indebtedness owing to any Agent or any Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
   (b)  any Indebtedness listed on Schedule 7.02(b)(i), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness; 
     (c)  Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness; 
   (d)  Permitted Intercompany Investments; 
   (e)  Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business under performance, surety, statutory, and appeal bonds; 
   (f)  Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to the Loan Parties, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the period in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such period; 

(g)    the incurrence by any Loan Party of Indebtedness under Hedging Agreements that are incurred for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party s operations and not for speculative purposes;  
   (h)  Indebtedness incurred in respect of credit cards, credit card processing services, debit cards, stored value cards, purchase cards (including so-called  procurement cards  or  P-cards ) or other similar cash management services, in each case, incurred in the ordinary course of business;  
 (i)  Indebtedness owed to any Person in respect of any contingent earn-out obligations listed on Schedule 7.02(b)(ii);  
 (j)  Subordinated Indebtedness or unsecured Indebtedness in an aggregate amount not exceeding $2,500,000 at any time outstanding;  
   (k)  contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions; 
 (l)  Contingent Obligations in respect of Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business and permitted to be incurred pursuant to this definition; and 
 (m)  Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.02(e). 
   Permitted Intercompany Investments   means Investments made by (a) a Loan Party to or in another Loan Party, (b) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to or in another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (c) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to or in a Loan Party, so long as, in the case of a loan or advance, the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, and (d) a Loan Party to or in a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party so long as (i) the aggregate amount of all such Investments made by the Loan Parties to or in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties after the Effective Date does not exceed $1,500,000 at any time outstanding, (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing either immediately before or immediately after giving effect to such Investment, and (iii) the Borrowers have Availability plus Qualified Cash of not less than $7,500,000 after giving effect to such Investment. 
   Permitted Investments   means: 
 (a)  Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents; 
 (b)  Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the ordinary course of business; 
 (c)  advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the ordinary course of business; 

(d)    Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the ordinary course of business or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an Account Debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries;  
 (e)  Investments existing on the date hereof, as set forth on Schedule 7.02(e) hereto, but not any increase in the amount thereof as set forth in such Schedule or any other modification of the terms thereof;  
 (f)  Permitted Intercompany Investments; 
 (g)  Investments in Hedging Agreements in the ordinary course of business and for non-speculative purposes;    
 (h)  loans and advances to employees, officers and directors of any Loan Party in the ordinary course of business (including for travel, entertainment and relocation expenses) in an aggregate amount for all Loan Parties not to exceed $200,000 at any one time outstanding; 
 (i)   Equity Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the ordinary course of business) or as security for any such Indebtedness or claims;  
 (j)  Indebtedness constituting an Investment to the extent permitted under Section 7.02(b); 
 (k)  Permitted Acquisitions; 
 (l)  Investments held by a Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date or of a Person merged or amalgamated with or into a Borrower or another Loan Party in accordance with Section 7.02(c)(i) after the Effective Date to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation and were in existence on the date of such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation;  
 (m)  creation of any additional Subsidiaries that become Loan Parties,  provided , that such Subsidiaries comply with the provisions of Section 7.01(b); and 
 (n)  so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 at any time outstanding. 
   Permitted Liens   means: 
   (a)  Liens securing the Obligations; 
   (b)  Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges the payment of which is not required under Section 7.01(c)(ii); 

(c)    Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations (other than Indebtedness for borrowed money) that are not overdue by more than 45 days or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted, and a reserve or other appropriate provision, if any, as shall be required by GAAP shall have been made therefor;  
 (d)  Liens described on Schedule 7.02(a),  provided  that any such Lien shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Effective Date and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 
   (e)  purchase money Liens on equipment acquired or held by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business to secure Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness so long as such Lien only (i) attaches to such property and (ii) secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire such property or any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; 
 (f)  deposits and pledges of cash securing (i) obligations incurred in respect of workers  compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits, (ii) the performance of bids, tenders, leases, contracts (other than for the payment of money) and statutory obligations or (iii) obligations on surety or appeal bonds, but only to the extent such deposits or pledges are made or otherwise arise in the ordinary course of business and secure obligations not past due; 
   (g)  with respect to any Facility, easements, zoning restrictions and similar encumbrances on real property and minor irregularities in the title thereto that do not (i) secure obligations for the payment of money or (ii) materially impair the value of such property or its use by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the normal conduct of such Person s business; 
   (h)  Liens of landlords and mortgagees of landlords (i) arising by statute or under any lease or related Contractual Obligation entered into in the ordinary course of business, (ii) on fixtures and movable tangible property located on the real property leased or subleased from such landlord, or (iii) for amounts not yet due or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP; 
   (i)  the title and interest of a lessor or sublessor in and to personal property leased or subleased (other than through a Capitalized Lease), in each case extending only to such personal property; 
 (j)  non-exclusive licenses of Intellectual Property rights in the ordinary course of business; 
 (k)  judgment liens (other than for the payment of taxes, assessments or other governmental charges) securing judgments and other proceedings not constituting an Event of Default under Section 9.01(j); 

(l)    rights of set-off or bankers  liens upon deposits of cash in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business;  
 (m)  Liens granted in the ordinary course of business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness;  
 (o) Liens securing the Indebtedness pursuant to the WCE Capital Lease;   provided , that such Liens encumber only the property financed by such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof; and 
 (p) other Liens which do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money or letters of credit and as to which the aggregate amount of the obligations secured thereby does not exceed $1,000,000.  
   Permitted Management Bonus   means that certain one-time management incentive bonus payable by Patriot to certain senior officers of Patriot within 3 months of the Effective Date in an amount approved in writing by the Administrative Agent.   
   Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness   means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations) incurred to finance the acquisition of any fixed assets secured by a Lien permitted under clause (e) of the definition of  Permitted Liens   provided  that (a) such Indebtedness is incurred within 20 days after such acquisition, (b) such Indebtedness when incurred shall not exceed the purchase price of the asset financed and (c) the aggregate principal amount of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed $2,000,000 at any time outstanding. 
   Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness   means the extension of maturity, refinancing or modification of the terms of Indebtedness so long as: 
 (a)  after giving effect to such extension, refinancing or modification, the amount of such Indebtedness is not greater than the amount of Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to such extension, refinancing or modification (other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon and the fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto); 
 (b)  such extension, refinancing or modification does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity (measured as of the extension, refinancing or modification) of the Indebtedness so extended, refinanced or modified;  
 (c)  such extension, refinancing or modification is pursuant to terms that are not less favorable to the Loan Parties and the Lenders than the terms of the Indebtedness (including, without limitation, terms relating to the collateral (if any) and subordination (if any)) being extended, refinanced or modified; and 

(d)    the Indebtedness that is extended, refinanced or modified is not recourse to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that is liable on account of the obligations other than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended.  
   Permitted Restricted Payments   means any of the following Restricted Payments made by:  
 (a)  any Subsidiary of any Borrower to such Borrower;  
 (b)  Patriot to (i) pay the Effective Date Dividend, (ii) make the Effective Date Stock Buyback and (iii) pay other dividends in the form of Qualified Equity Interests; 
 (c)  each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make distributions to former employees, officers, or directors of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) on account of redemptions of Equity Interests of the Borrower held by such Persons so long as (i) the Loan Parties shall have Availability plus Qualified Cash in an amount equal to or greater than $7,500,000 and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;  provided ,  however , that, the aggregate amount of such redemptions made by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries during the term of this Agreement does not exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate for all former employees, officers or directors of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing); 
 (d)  each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make distributions to former employees, officers, or directors of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing), solely in the form of forgiveness of Indebtedness of such Persons owing to the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries on account of repurchases of the Equity Interests of the Borrower held by such Persons so long as (i) such Indebtedness was incurred by such Persons solely to acquire Equity Interests of the Borrower and (ii) (A) the Loan Parties shall have Availability plus Qualified Cash in an amount equal to or greater than $7,500,000 and (B) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
 (e)  the Borrower may make Restricted Payments and repurchase Equity Interests issued under stock option plans (or other incentive plans or compensation arrangements) approved by its Board of Directors not to exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year so long as (i) the Loan Parties shall have Availability plus Qualified Cash in an amount equal to or greater than $7,500,000 and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;  
   (f)  Patriot may (i) make dividends or distributions to the owners of the shares of common stock of Patriot (other than the Effective Date Dividend) and (ii) make payments for the purchase or acquisition of shares of common stock of Patriot (other than the Effective Date Stock BuyBack), in each case, so long as (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would arise as a result of such Restricted Payment, (B) the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 7.03 calculated on a pro forma basis to give effect to such Restricted Payment, recomputed for the most recent fiscal quarter for which  

financial statements have been delivered, (C) the Leverage Ratio of Patriot and its Subsidiaries would be less than 3.50:1.00 calculated on pro forma basis to give effect to such Restricted Payment, recomputed for the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered, (D) no Revolving Loans shall be outstanding immediately before and after such Restricted Payment and (E) (i) such Restricted Payment is made after the payment by Patriot and its Subsidiaries of any Excess Cash Flow mandatory payment required to be made pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i), commencing with the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2017 pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii) and (ii) the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payments permitted to be made under this clause (f) during any Fiscal Year shall not exceed the Available Amount for such Fiscal Year plus any amount permitted under clause (g) below;  
 (g)  Patriot may (i) make dividends or distributions to the owners of the shares of common stock of Patriot (other than the Effective Date Dividend) and (ii) make payments for the purchase or acquisition of shares of common stock of Patriot (other than the Effective Date Stock BuyBack) in an amount that shall not exceed the Dividend/Acquisition Bucket, in each case, so long as (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would arise as a result of such Restricted Payment, (B) the Loan Parties would be in compliance with the covenants set forth in Section 7.03 calculated on a pro forma basis to give effect to such Restricted Payment, recomputed for the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been delivered and (D) no Revolving Loans shall be outstanding immediately before and after such Restricted Payment; and 
 (h)  Patriot may pay the Permitted Management Bonus, so long as (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would arise as a result of such Restricted Payment and (B) Patriot promptly provides the Agents written notice of the making of such payment, which notice shall specifically designate such payment as the  Permitted Management Bonus  permitted to be paid pursuant to clause (h) of the definition of  Permitted Restricted Payments .  
   Permitted Specified Liens   means Permitted Liens described in clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the definition of Permitted Liens, and, solely in the case of Section 7.01(b)(i), including clauses (g), (h) and (i) of the definition of Permitted Liens. 
   Person   means an individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, joint venture or other enterprise or entity or Governmental Authority. 
   Petty Cash Accounts   means Cash Management Accounts with deposits at any time in an aggregate amount not in excess of $25,000 for any one account and $100,000 in the aggregate for all such accounts.   
   Plan   means any Employee Plan or Multiemployer Plan. 

Post-Default Rate    means a rate of interest per annum equal to the rate of interest otherwise in effect from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement plus 2.00%, or, if a rate of interest is not otherwise in effect, interest at the highest rate specified herein for any Loan then outstanding prior to an Event of Default plus 2.00%.    
   Pro Rata Share   means, with respect to: 
 (a)  a Lender s obligation to make Revolving Loans and the right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (A) such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, by (B) the Total Revolving Credit Commitment,  provided , that, if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances), 
 (b)  with respect to a Lender s obligation to make the Term Loan  and receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect thereto, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) such Lender s Term Loan  Commitment, by (ii) the Total Term Loan Commitment, provided that if the Total Term Loan Commitment has been reduced to zero, the numerator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s portion of the Term Loan and the denominator shall be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, and  
   (c)  with respect to all other matters (including, without limitation, the indemnification obligations arising under Section 10.05), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the sum of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment and the unpaid principal amount of such Lender s portion of the Term Loan, by (ii) the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan,  provided , that, if such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances) and if the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall have been reduced to zero, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall be deemed to be the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans (including Collateral Agent Advances). 
   Projections   means financial projections of Patriot and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g)(ii), as updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii). 
   Qualified Cash   means, as of any date of determination, the amount of unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents of the Loan Parties that is subject to a Control Agreement. 
   Qualified Equity Interests   means, with respect to any Person, all Equity Interests of such Person that are not Disqualified Equity Interests. 

Real Property Deliverables    means each of the following agreements, instruments and other documents in respect of each Facility:  
 (a)  a Mortgage duly executed by the applicable Loan Party,  
 (b)  evidence of the recording of each Mortgage in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the Lien purported to be created thereby or to otherwise protect the rights of the Collateral Agent and the Lenders thereunder; 
 (c)  a Title Insurance Policy or bring-down of the existing Title Insurance Policy with respect to each Mortgage, dated as of the Effective Date; 
 (d)  a current ALTA survey and a surveyor s certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, certified to the Collateral Agent and to the issuer of the Title Insurance Policy with respect thereto by a professional surveyor licensed in the state in which such Facility is located and satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; 
 (e)  a copy of each letter issued by the applicable Governmental Authority, evidencing each Facility s compliance with all applicable building codes, fire codes, other health and safety rules and regulations, parking, density and height requirements and other building and zoning laws together with a copy of all certificates of occupancy issued with respect to each Facility; 
 (f)  an opinion of counsel, satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in the state where such Facility is located with respect to the enforceability of the Mortgage to be recorded and such other matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request; 
 (g)  a satisfactory ASTM 1527-00 Phase I Environmental Site Assessment (  Phase I ESA  ) provided by the Borrowers to the Collateral Agent (and, if requested by the Collateral Agent based upon the results of such Phase I ESA an ASTM 1527-00 Phase II Environmental Site Assessment) of each Facility, in form and substance and by an independent firm satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; and 
 (h)  such other agreements, instruments and other documents (including guarantees and opinions of counsel) as the Collateral Agent may reasonably require.   
   Recipient   means any Agent and any Lender, as applicable. 
   Reference Rate   means, for any period, the greatest of (a) 3.00% per annum, (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50% per annum, (c) the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of 1 month and shall be determined on a daily basis) plus 1.00% per annum, and (d) the rate last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the  Prime Rate  in the United States or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the  bank prime loan  rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent).  Each change in the Reference Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

Reference Rate Loan    means each portion of a Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Reference Rate.    
   Register   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(f). 
   Registered Intellectual Property   means Intellectual Property that is issued, registered, renewed or the subject of a pending application. 
   Registered Loans   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(f). 
   Regulation T  ,   Regulation U   and   Regulation X   mean, respectively, Regulations T, U and X of the Board or any successor, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
   Related Fund   means, with respect to any Person, an Affiliate of such Person, or a fund or account managed by such Person or an Affiliate of such Person. 
   Related Party Assignment   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(c)(ii). 
   Release   means any spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, seeping, migrating, dumping or disposing of any Hazardous Material (including the abandonment or discarding of barrels, containers and other closed receptacles containing any Hazardous Material) into the indoor or outdoor environment, including, without limitation, the movement of Hazardous Materials through or in the ambient air, soil, surface or ground water, or property. 
   Remedial Action   means all actions taken to (a) clean up, remove, remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate or in any other way address Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment; (b) prevent or minimize a Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials so they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment; (c) perform pre-remedial studies and investigations and post-remedial operation and maintenance activities; or (d) perform any other actions authorized by 42 U.S.C.   9601. 
   Replacement Lender   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.02(b). 
   Reportable Event   means an event described in Section 4043 of ERISA (other than an event for which notice to the PBGC is waived under the regulations promulgated under such Section). 
   Required Lenders    means Lenders whose Pro Rata Shares (calculated in accordance with clause (d) of the definition thereof) aggregate at least 50.1% . 

Requirements of Law    means, with respect to any Person, collectively, the common law and all federal, state, provincial, local, foreign, multinational or international laws, statutes, codes, treaties, standards, rules and regulations, guidelines, ordinances, orders, judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees (including administrative or judicial precedents or authorities) and the interpretation or administration thereof by, and other determinations, directives, requirements or requests of, any Governmental Authority, in each case that are applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject.  
   Reserve Percentage   means, on any day, for any Lender, the maximum percentage prescribed by the Board (or any successor Governmental Authority) for determining the reserve requirements (including any basic, supplemental, marginal, or emergency reserves) that are in effect on such date with respect to eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as  eurocurrency liabilities ) of that Lender, but so long as such Lender is not required or directed under applicable regulations to maintain such reserves, the Reserve Percentage shall be zero. 
   Restricted Payment   means (a) the declaration or payment of any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, (b) the making of any repurchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any Equity Interests of any Loan Party or any direct or indirect parent of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (c) the making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition of shares of any class of Equity Interests of any Loan Party, now or hereafter outstanding, (d) the return of any Equity Interests to any shareholders or other equity holders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or make any other distribution of property, assets, shares of Equity Interests, warrants, rights, options, obligations or securities thereto as such or (e) the payment of any management, consulting, monitoring or advisory fees or any other fees or expenses (including the reimbursement thereof by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries) pursuant to any management, consulting, monitoring, advisory or other services agreement to any of the shareholders or other equityholders of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or other Affiliates, or to any other Subsidiaries or Affiliates of any Loan Party. 
   Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount   means, as of any date of determination, an amount (a) equal to the Excess Cash Flow for the most recently ended Fiscal Year, commencing with the Fiscal Year ending December 31, 2017, that is not required to be applied to prepay the Loans pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) and (b) determined after the prepayment of the Loans required under Section 2.05(c)(i) for such Fiscal Year. 
   Revolving Credit Commitment   means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name in Schedule 1.01(A) hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amount may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
   Revolving Loan   means a loan made by a Lender to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(i). 

Revolving Loan Lender    means a Lender with a Revolving Credit Commitment or a Revolving Loan.  
   Revolving Loan Obligations   means any Obligations with respect to the Revolving Loans (including without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto). 
   Sale and Leaseback Transaction   means, with respect to Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries, any arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries shall sell or transfer any property used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred. 
   SEC   means the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other similar or successor agency of the Federal government administering the Securities Act. 
   Secured Party   means any Agent and any Lender. 
   Securities Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any similar Federal statute, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder, all as the same shall be in effect from time to time. 
   Securitization   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 12.07(l). 
   Security Agreement   means a Pledge and Security Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties securing the Obligations. 
   Settlement Period   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.02(d)(i) hereof. 
   Significant Subsidiary   means each Subsidiary of Patriot that 
 (a)  is designated with an asterisk on Schedule 6.01(e); 
 (b)  accounted for at least 2.5% of consolidated revenues of Patriot and its Subsidiaries or 2.5% of consolidated earnings of Patriot and its Subsidiaries before interest and taxes, in each case for the four fiscal quarters of Patriot ending on the last day of the last fiscal quarter of Patriot immediately preceding the date as of which any such determination is made; or 
 (c)  has assets which represent at least 2.5% of the consolidated assets of Patriot and its Subsidiaries as at the last day of the last fiscal quarter of Patriot immediately preceding the date as of which any such determination is made. 
    provided , that all Subsidiaries of the Patriot that are not Significant Subsidiaries shall not in the aggregate account more than (i) 5% of consolidated revenues of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the four fiscal quarters of the Patriot ending on the last day of the last fiscal quarter of Patriot  

immediately preceding the date as of which any such determination is made (after elimination of the intercompany debt and revenues) or (ii) have assets which represent more than 5% of the consolidated assets of Patriot and its Subsidiaries as at the last day of the last fiscal quarter of Patriot immediately preceding the date as of which any such determination is made (after elimination of the intercompany debt and revenues).  
   Solvent   means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is not less than the total amount of the liabilities of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person is able to realize upon its assets and pay its debts and other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the normal course of business, (d) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature, and (e) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute unreasonably small capital. 
   Specified Asset   means the assets or Equity Interests that are the subject of a Specified Disposition.  
   Specified Disposition   means any Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of, or Equity Interests in, any Loan Party (other than Patriot) or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, or of any business unit, line of business or division of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, provided that the Net Cash Proceeds from such Disposition are not less than the Specified Disposition Threshold Amount. 
   Specified Disposition Threshold Amount   means, in the case of the consummation of a Specified Disposition, an amount equal to six (6)  times  the TTM Consolidated EBITDA of or allocable to the Specified Asset subject to such Specified Disposition.   
   Standard   Poor s   means Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
   Subordinated Indebtedness   means Indebtedness of any Loan Party the terms of which (including, without limitation, payment terms, interest rates, covenants, remedies, defaults and other material terms) are reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders and which has been expressly subordinated in right of payment to all Indebtedness of such Loan Party under the Loan Documents (a) by the execution and delivery of a subordination agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders, or (b) otherwise on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Required Lenders. 

Subsidiary    means, with respect to any Person at any date, any corporation, limited or general partnership, limited liability company, trust, estate, association, joint venture or other business entity (a) the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in such Person s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP or (b) of which more than 50% of (i) the outstanding Equity Interests having (in the absence of contingencies) ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, the interest in the capital or profits of such partnership or limited liability company or (iii) in the case of a trust, estate, association, joint venture or other entity, the beneficial interest in such trust, estate, association or other entity business is, at the time of determination, owned or controlled directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, by such Person.  References to a Subsidiary shall mean a Subsidiary of Patriot unless the context expressly provides otherwise.  
   Swap Obligation   means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a  swap  within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
   Taxes   means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
   Termination Date   means the first date on which all of the Obligations are paid in full in cash and the Commitments of the Lenders are terminated. 
   Termination Event   means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to any Employee Plan, (b) any event that causes any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates to incur liability under Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, which has a Material Adverse Effect (c) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate an Employee Plan or the treatment of an Employee Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA, (d) the institution of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate an Employee Plan, or (e) any other event or condition that could reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Employee Plan. 
   Term Loan   and   Term Loans   means collectively, the loans made by the Term Loan Lenders to the Borrowers on the Effective Date pursuant to Section 2.01(a)(ii). 
   Term Loan Commitment   means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make the Term Loan to the Borrowers in the amount set forth in Schedule 1.01(A) hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as the same may be terminated or reduced from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   
   Term Loan Lender   means a Lender with a Term Loan Commitment or a Term Loan. 

Term Loan Obligations    means any Obligations with respect to the Term Loan (including, without limitation, the principal thereof, the interest thereon, and the fees and expenses specifically related thereto).  
   Title Insurance Policy   means a mortgagee s loan policy, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, together with all endorsements made from time to time thereto, issued to the Collateral Agent by or on behalf of a title insurance company selected by or otherwise satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, insuring the Lien created by a Mortgage in an amount and on terms and with such endorsements satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, delivered to the Collateral Agent. 
   Total Commitment   means the sum of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment and the Total Term Loan Commitment. 
   Total Revolving Credit Commitment   means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders  Revolving Credit Commitments. 
   Total Term Loan Commitment   means the sum of the amounts of the Lenders  Term Loan Commitments. 
   Transferee   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.09(a). 
   TTM Consolidated EBITDA   means, with respect to (i) any Person for any period, the Consolidated EBITDA of such Person and its Subsidiaries for the trailing twelve-month period then ended or (ii) any business unit, line of business or division of any Person, for any period, the Consolidated EBITDA attributable to such business unit, line of business or division of any Person for the trailing twelve-month period then ended.  
   UCC Filing Authorization Letter   means a letter duly executed by each Loan Party authorizing the Collateral Agent to file appropriate financing statements on Form UCC-1 without the signature of such Loan Party in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by each Security Agreement and each Mortgage. 
   Uniform Commercial Code   or   UCC   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 1.04. 
   Unused Line Fee   has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.06(c). 
   USA PATRIOT Act   means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (PATRIOT) Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, Oct. 26, 2001)) as amended by the USA Patriot Improvement and Reauthorization Act of 2005 (Pub. L. 109-177, March 9, 2006) and as the same may have been or may be further renewed, extended, amended, or replaced. 
   U.S. Person   means any Person that is a  United States Person  as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 

WARN          has the meaning specified therefor in Section 6.01(p)  .  
   WCE Capital Lease   means the Master Equipment Lease Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2013, among Fifth Third Bank, Patriot Underwriters, Inc. (f/k/a CTS Underwriters, Inc.) and Steven M. Mariano. 
   Withholding Agent   means any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent. 
   Working Capital   means, at any date of determination thereof, (a) the sum, for any Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) the unpaid face amount of all Accounts of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination,  plus  (ii) the aggregate amount of prepaid expenses and other current assets of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination (other than cash, Cash Equivalents and any Indebtedness owing to such Person or any of its Subsidiaries by Affiliates of such Person),  minus  (b) the sum, for such Person and its Subsidiaries, of (i) the unpaid amount of all accounts payable of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination,  plus  (ii) the aggregate amount of all accrued expenses of such Person and its Subsidiaries as at such date of determination (other than the current portion of long-term debt and all accrued interest and taxes). 
                                   Section 1.02   Terms Generally   . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include ,  includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation .  The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall .  Unless the context requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (c) the words  herein ,  hereof  and  hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any right or interest in or to assets and properties of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible. 
                                   Section 1.03   Certain Matters of Construction . References in this Agreement to  determination  by any Agent include good faith estimates by such Agent (in the case of quantitative determinations) and good faith beliefs by such Agent (in the case of qualitative determinations).  A Default or Event of Default shall be deemed to exist at all times during the period commencing on the date that such Default or Event of Default occurs to the date on which such Default or Event of Default is waived in writing pursuant to this Agreement or, in the case of a Default, is cured within any period of cure expressly provided for in this Agreement; and an Event of Default shall  continue  or be  continuing  until such Event of Default has been waived in writing by the Required Lenders.  Any Lien referred to in this Agreement or any other Loan Document as having been created in favor of any Agent, any agreement entered into by any  

Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, any payment made by or to or funds received by any Agent pursuant to or as contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any act taken or omitted to be taken by any Agent, shall, unless otherwise expressly provided, be created, entered into, made or received, or taken or omitted, for the benefit or account of the Agents and the Lenders. Wherever the phrase  to the knowledge of any   Loan Party  or words of similar import relating to the knowledge or the awareness of any Loan Party are used in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, such phrase shall mean and refer to (i) the actual knowledge of a senior officer of any Loan Party or (ii) the knowledge that a senior officer would have obtained if such officer had engaged in good faith and diligent performance of such officer s duties, including the making of such reasonably specific inquiries as may be necessary of the employees or agents of such Loan Party and a good faith attempt to ascertain the existence or accuracy of the matter to which such phrase relates.  All covenants hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular action or condition is not permitted by any of such covenants, the fact that it would be permitted by an exception to, or otherwise within the limitations of, another covenant shall not avoid the occurrence of a default if such action is taken or condition exists.  In addition, all representations and warranties hereunder shall be given independent effect so that if a particular representation or warranty proves to be incorrect or is breached, the fact that another representation or warranty concerning the same or similar subject matter is correct or is not breached will not affect the incorrectness of a breach of a representation or warranty hereunder.  
                                               Section 1.04   Accounting and Other Terms     . (a)   Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, each accounting term used herein shall have the meaning given it under GAAP.  For purposes of determining compliance with any incurrence or expenditure tests set forth in Section 7.01, Section 7.02 and Section 7.03, any amounts so incurred or expended (to the extent incurred or expended in a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of such incurrence or expenditure under any provision of any such Section that has an aggregate Dollar limitation provided for therein (and to the extent the respective incurrence or expenditure test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any time and it is expressed in terms of Dollars, all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as shown on the Bloomberg currency page for such currency or, if the same does not provide such exchange rate, by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates as may be reasonably selected by the Agents or, in the event no such service is selected, on such other basis as is reasonably satisfactory to the Agents) as in effect on the date of any new incurrence or expenditures made under any provision of any such Section that regulates the Dollar amount outstanding at any time).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) with respect to the accounting for leases as either operating leases or capital leases and the impact of such accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 840 on the definitions and covenants herein, GAAP as in effect on the Effective Date shall be applied and (ii) for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of Patriot and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100% of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 

(b)    All terms used in this Agreement which are defined in Article 8 or Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York (the    Uniform Commercial Code    or the    UCC   ) and which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as set forth therein  , provided that terms used herein which are defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date hereof shall continue to have the same meaning notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute except as any Agent may otherwise determine.  
                                         Section 1.05   Time References   . Unless otherwise indicated herein, all references to time of day refer to Eastern Standard Time or Eastern daylight saving time, as in effect in New York City on such day.  For purposes of the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word  from  means  from and including  and the words  to  and  until  each means  to but excluding   provided ,  however , that with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to any Secured Party, such period shall in any event consist of at least one full day. 
                                                 ARTICLE II                                               THE LOANS  
                                           Section 2.01   Commitments   . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions and relying upon the representations and warranties herein set forth: 
   (i)  each Revolving Loan Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers at any time and from time to time during the term of this Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans at any time outstanding not to exceed the amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment; and 
 (ii)  each Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make the Term Loan  to the Borrowers on the Effective Date, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount of such Lender s Term Loan Commitment; 
     (b)  Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
 (i)  The aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding at any time to the Borrowers shall not exceed the Total Revolving Credit Commitment.  The Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender shall automatically and permanently be reduced to zero on the Final Maturity Date.  Within the foregoing limits, the Borrowers may borrow, repay and reborrow, the Revolving Loans on or after the Effective Date and prior to the Final Maturity Date, subject to the terms, provisions and limitations set forth herein.  The total amount of Revolving Loans advanced on the Effective Date shall not exceed $5,000,000.  
 (ii)  The aggregate principal amount of the Term Loan  made on the Effective Date shall not exceed the Total Term Loan  Commitment.  Any principal amount of the Term Loan  which is repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. 

Section 2.02    Making the Loans  . (a) The Administrative Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior telephonic notice (immediately confirmed in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto (a    Notice of Borrowing     )), not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the date which is (i) 3 Business Days prior to the date of the proposed LIBOR Rate Loan (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent is willing to accommodate from time to time, but in no event later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the borrowing date of the proposed LIBOR Rate Loan) or (ii) the date of the proposed Reference Rate Loan.  Such Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify (i) the principal amount of the proposed Loan, (ii) in the case of Loans requested on the Effective Date, whether such Loan is requested to be a Revolving Loan or the Term Loan, (iii) whether the Loan is requested to be a Reference Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan and, in the case of a LIBOR Rate Loan, the initial Interest Period with respect thereto, (iv) th  e use of the proceeds of such proposed Loan, and (v) the proposed borrowing date, which must be a Business Day, and, with respect to the Term Loan, must be the Effective Date.  The Administrative     Agent and the Lenders may act without liability upon the basis of written, telecopied or telephonic notice believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from the Administrative Borrower (or from any Authorized Officer thereof designated in writing purportedly from the Administrative Borrower to the Administrative Agent).  Each Borrower hereby waives the right to dispute the Administrative Agent s record of the terms of any such telephonic Notice of Borrowing.  The Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any Authorized Officer s authority to request a Loan on behalf of the Borrowers until the Administrative Agent receives written notice to the contrary.  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have no duty to verify the authenticity of the signature appearing on any written Notice of Borrowing.  
     (a)  Each Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section 2.02 shall be irrevocable and the Borrowers shall be bound to make a borrowing in accordance therewith.  Each Revolving Loan shall be made in a minimum amount of $500,000 and shall be in an integral multiple of $100,000. 
       (b)  (i) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.02(c), all Loans under this Agreement shall be made by the Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their Pro Rata Shares of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment or the Total Term Loan Commitment, as the case may be, it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender in that other Lender s obligations to make a Loan requested hereunder, nor shall the Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of the default by any other Lender in that other Lender s obligation to make a Loan requested hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make the Loans required to be made by it by the terms of this Agreement regardless of the failure by any other Lender. 
     (i) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, and in order to reduce the number of fund transfers among the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders, the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders agree that the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), and the Borrowers and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to, fund, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.01, subject to the procedures for settlement set forth in Section 2.02(d);   provided ,  however , that (A) the Administrative Agent shall in no event fund any such Revolving Loans if the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from the Collateral Agent  

or the Required Lenders on the Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Revolving Loan that one or more of the conditions precedent contained in Section 5.02 will not be satisfied at the time of the proposed Revolving Loan, and (B) the Administrative Agent shall not otherwise be required to determine that, or take notice whether, the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied.  If the Administrative Borrower gives a Notice of Borrowing requesting a Revolving Loan and the Administrative Agent elects not to fund such Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, then promptly after receipt of the Notice of Borrowing requesting such Revolving Loan, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the specifics of the requested Revolving Loan and that it will not fund the requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders.  If the Administrative Agent notifies the Revolving Loan Lenders that it will not fund a requested Revolving Loan on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, each Revolving Loan Lender shall make its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loan available to the Administrative     Agent, in immediately available funds, in the Administrative Agent s Account no later than 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (provided that the Administrative     Agent requests payment from such Revolving Loan Lender not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time)) on the date of the proposed Revolving Loan.  The Administrative Agent will make the proceeds of such Revolving Loans available to the Borrowers on the day of the proposed Revolving Loan by causing an amount, in immediately available funds, equal to the proceeds of all such Revolving Loans received by the Administrative     Agent in the Administrative Agent s Account or the amount funded by the Administrative     Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders to be deposited in an account designated by the Administrative Borrower.  
 (ii) If the Administrative    Agent has notified the Revolving Loan Lenders that the Administrative   Agent, on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders, will not fund a particular Revolving Loan pursuant to Section 2.02(c)(ii), the Administrative   Agent may assume that each such Revolving Loan Lender has made such amount available to the Administrative   Agent on such day and the Administrative   Agent, in its sole discretion, may, but shall not be obligated to, cause a corresponding amount to be made available to the Borrowers on such day.  If the Administrative   Agent makes such corresponding amount available to the Borrowers and such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the Administrative   Agent by any such Revolving Loan Lender, the Administrative   Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative   Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for 3 Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate.  During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative   Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative   Agent to the Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account.  Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative   Agent, the Administrative   Agent shall promptly thereafter notify the Administrative Borrower of such failure and the Borrowers shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative   Agent for its own account. 

(iii)    Nothing in this Section 2.02(c) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligations to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder.  
       (c)  (i) With respect to all periods for which the Administrative Agent has funded Revolving Loans pursuant to Section 2.02(c), on Friday of each week, or if the applicable Friday is not a Business Day, then on the following Business Day, or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may from time to time select (any such week or shorter period being herein called a   Settlement Period  ), the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Loan Lender of the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding as of the last day of each such Settlement Period.  In the event that such amount is greater than the unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding on the last day of the Settlement Period immediately preceding such Settlement Period (or, if there has been no preceding Settlement Period, the amount of the Revolving Loans made on the date of such Revolving Loan Lender s initial funding), each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly (and in any event not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) if the Administrative Agent requests payment from such Lender not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on such day) make available to the Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds.  In the event that such amount is less than such unpaid principal amount, the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay over to each Revolving Loan Lender its Pro Rata Share of the difference in immediately available funds.  In addition, if the Administrative Agent shall so request at any time when a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or any other event shall have occurred as a result of which the Administrative Agent shall determine that it is desirable to present claims against the Borrowers for repayment, each Revolving Loan Lender shall promptly remit to the Administrative Agent or, as the case may be, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to each Revolving Loan Lender, sufficient funds to adjust the interests of the Revolving Loan Lenders in the then outstanding Revolving Loans to such an extent that, after giving effect to such adjustment, each such Revolving Loan Lender s interest in the then outstanding Revolving Loans will be equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof.  The obligations of the Administrative Agent and each Revolving Loan Lender under this Section 2.02(d) shall be absolute and unconditional.  Each Revolving Loan Lender shall only be entitled to receive interest on its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans which have been funded by such Revolving Loan Lender. 
     (i)  In the event that any Revolving Loan Lender fails to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.02(d)(i), the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such corresponding amount on demand from such Revolving Loan Lender together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for 3 Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate.  During the period in which such Revolving Loan Lender has not paid such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the amount so advanced by the Administrative Agent to the Borrowers shall, for all purposes hereof, be a Revolving Loan made by the Administrative Agent for its own account.  Upon any such failure by a Revolving Loan Lender to pay the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall  

promptly thereafter notify the Administrative     Borrower of such failure and the Borrowers shall immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative Agent for its own account.  Nothing in this Section 2.02(d)(ii) shall be deemed to relieve any Revolving Loan Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Revolving Credit Commitment hereunder or to prejudice any rights that the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may have against any Revolving Loan Lender as a result of any default by such Revolving Loan Lender hereunder.  
                                         Section 2.03   Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt . (a)   The outstanding principal of all Revolving Loans shall be due and payable on the Final Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
       (a)  The Term Loan shall be repayable in consecutive quarterly installments, equal to (i) during the period from and including December 31, 2016 until September 30, 2017, $1,250,000 per quarter, (ii) during the period from and including December 31, 2017 until September 30, 2018, $2,000,000 per quarter and (iii) thereafter, $2,500,000 per quarter, each such installment to be due and payable, in arrears, on the first day of each quarter and applied to the Term Loan;  provided ,  however , that the last such installment shall be in the amount necessary to repay in full the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan.    The outstanding unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall be due and payable on the earliest of (i) the termination of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment, (ii) the date on which the Term Loan is declared due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and (iii) the Final Maturity Date. 
       (b)  Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder.   
       (c)  The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
     (d)  The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(c) or Section 2.03(d) shall be  prima   facie  evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein;  provided  that (i) the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrowers to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) in the event of any conflict between the entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(c) and the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d), the accounts maintained pursuant to Section 2.03(d) shall govern and control. 

(e)    Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note.  In such event, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) in a form furnished by the Collateral Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Borrower.  Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 12.07) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns).  
                                               Section 2.04   Interest . 
     (a)   Revolving Loans .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Administrative Borrower, each Revolving Loan shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan.  Each Revolving Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin.  Each Revolving Loan that is a LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Loan plus the Applicable Margin. 
       (b)   Term Loan .  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, at the option of the Administrative Borrower, each Term Loan or any portion thereof shall be either a Reference Rate Loan or a LIBOR Rate Loan.  Each portion of a Term Loan that is a Reference Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of the Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate plus the Applicable Margin.  Each portion of a Term Loan that is a LIBOR Rate Loan shall bear interest on the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding, from the date of such Term Loan until repaid, at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Term Loan (or such portion thereof) plus the Applicable Margin 
     (c)   Default Interest .  To the extent permitted by law and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the election of the Collateral Agent, the principal of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all Loans, fees, indemnities or any other Obligations of the Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall bear interest, from the date such Event of Default occurred until the date such Event of Default is cured or waived in writing in accordance herewith, at a rate per annum equal at all times to the Post-Default Rate.   
       (d)   Interest Payment .  Interest on each Loan shall be payable (i) monthly, in arrears, on the first day of each month, commencing on the first day of the month following the month in which such Loan is made and (ii) at maturity (whether upon demand, by acceleration or otherwise.  Interest at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable on demand.  Each Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account pursuant to Section 4.01 with the amount of any interest payment due hereunder.   

(e)    General  .    All interest and fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days (except that interest on Reference Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year)) for the actual number of days, including the first day but excluding the last day, elapsed.  
                                                 Section 2.05     Reduction of Commitment; Prepayment of Loans . 
     (a)   Reduction of Commitments .   
   (i)   Revolving Credit Commitments . The Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall terminate on the Final Maturity Date.  The Borrowers may reduce the Total Revolving Credit Commitment to an amount (which may be zero) not less than the sum of (A) the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans then outstanding and (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans not yet made as to which a Notice of Borrowing has been given by the Administrative Borrower under Section 2.02.  Each such reduction shall be (1) in an amount which is an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or by the full amount of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment in effect immediately prior to such reduction if such amount at that time is less than $1,000,000), (2) made by providing not less than 5 Business Days  prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, (3) irrevocable and (4) accompanied by the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment.  Once reduced, the Total Revolving Credit Commitment may not be increased.  Each such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment shall reduce the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Lender proportionately in accordance with its Pro Rata Share thereof. 
   (ii)   Term Loan . The Total Term Loan Commitment shall terminate at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Effective Date. 
       (b)   Optional Prepayment . 
   (i)   Revolving Loans .  The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan, in whole or in part.  Each prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(i) in connection with a reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to Section 2.05(a)(i) above shall be accompanied by the payment of the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such reduction of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment. 
   (ii)   Term Loan .  The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, upon at least 5 Business Days  prior written notice to the Agents, prepay the principal of the Term Loan, in whole or in part.  Each prepayment made pursuant to this clause (b)(ii) shall be accompanied by the payment of (A) accrued interest to the date of such payment on the amount prepaid and (B) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Term Loan.  Each such prepayment shall be applied against the remaining installments of principal due on the Term Loan in the inverse order of maturity. 

(iii)    Termination of Agreement  .  The Borrowers may, upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate this Agreement by paying to the Administrative Agent, in cash, the Obligations, in full, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement.  If the Administrative Borrower has sent a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 2.05(b)(iii), then the Lenders  obligations to extend credit hereunder shall terminate and the Borrowers shall be obligated to repay the Obligations, in full, plus the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such termination of this Agreement on the date set forth as the date of termination of this Agreement in such notice.    
       (c)   Mandatory Prepayment . 
   (i) Contemporaneously with the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of audited annual financial statements pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), commencing with the delivery to the Agents and the Lenders of the financial statements for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2017 or, if such financial statements are not delivered to the Agents and the Lenders on the date such statements are required to be delivered pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), on the date such statements are required to be delivered to the Agents and the Lenders pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(iii), the Borrowers shall , if the Leverage Ratio of Patriot and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year is (A) greater than 2.75:1.00, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to the result of (to the extent positive) (1) 50% of the Excess Cash Flow of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year minus (2) the aggregate principal amount of all payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b) for such Fiscal Year (in the case of payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i), only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments), or (B) equal to or less than 2.75:1.00, prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to the result of (to the extent positive) (1) 25% of the Excess Cash Flow of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year minus (2) the aggregate principal amount of all payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b) for such Fiscal Year (in the case of payments made by the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.05(b)(i), only to the extent that the Total Revolving Credit Commitment is permanently reduced by the amount of such payments). 
   (ii) Immediately upon any Disposition (excluding Dispositions which qualify as Permitted Dispositions under clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) or (g) of the definition of Permitted Disposition) by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such Disposition to the extent that the aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds received by all Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries (and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans) shall exceed for all such Dispositions $250,000 in any Fiscal Year.  Nothing contained in this Section 2.05(c)(ii) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to make a Disposition of any property other than in accordance with Section 7.02(c)(ii).   Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Specified Disposition, the Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in connection with such Specified Disposition in excess of the Specified Disposition Threshold Amount may be retained by the Loan Parties and not paid to the Administrative Agent as a prepayment of the Loans to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds are applied in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(vi).   

(iii)  Upon the issuance or incurrence by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness), the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding amount of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith.  The provisions of this Section 2.05(c)(iii) shall not be deemed to be implied consent to any such issuance, incurrence or sale otherwise prohibited by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  
   (iv)  Upon the receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries of any Extraordinary Receipts, the Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.05(d) in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection therewith. 
   (v)  [ Intentionally Omitted .] 
     (vi)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with a Disposition or the receipt of Extraordinary Receipts consisting of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards that are required to be used to prepay the Obligations pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(ii) or Section 2.05(c)(iv), as the case may be, up to $1,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year of the Net Cash Proceeds from all such Dispositions (excluding Specified Dispositions for which the foregoing Fiscal Year limitation shall not apply) and Extraordinary Receipts (excluding insurance proceeds arising from events directly related to the corporate headquarters of Patriot for which the foregoing Fiscal Year limitation shall not apply) shall not be required to be so used to prepay the Obligations to the extent that such Net Cash Proceeds are used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets (other than current assets) used in such Person s business,  provided  that, (A) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date such Person receives such Net Cash Proceeds, (B) the Administrative Borrower delivers a certificate to the Administrative Agent within 5 Business Days after such Disposition or loss, destruction or taking, as the case may be, stating that such Net Cash Proceeds shall be used to replace, repair or restore properties or assets used in such Person s business within a period specified in such certificate not to exceed 180 days after the date of receipt of such Net Cash Proceeds (which certificate shall set forth estimates of the Net Cash Proceeds to be so expended), (C) such Net Cash Proceeds are deposited in an account subject to a Control Agreement, and (D) upon the earlier of (1) the expiration of the period specified in the relevant certificate furnished to the Administrative Agent pursuant to clause (B) above ( provided  that if, prior to the expiration of such 180-day period, the Borrower, directly or through its Subsidiaries, shall have entered into a binding agreement providing for such investment on or prior to the expiration of an additional 90-day period, such 180-day period shall be extended to the date provided for such investment in such binding agreement) or (2) the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default, such Net Cash Proceeds, if not theretofore so used, shall be used to prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.05(c)(ii) or Section 2.05(c)(iv) as applicable. 
     (vii)  The Borrowers will immediately prepay the Revolving Loans at any time when the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Loans exceeds the Total Revolving Loan Commitment, to the full extent of any such excess.   

(d)    Application of Payments  .  Each prepayment pursuant to subsections (c)(i), (c)(ii), (c)(iii) and (c)(iv) above shall be applied (i)   first  , ratably to the Term Loan until paid in full and (ii) to the Revolving Loans (with a corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Credit Commitments), until paid in full.    Each such prepayment of the Term Loan shall be applied ratably against the remaining installments of principal of the Term Loan, in the inverse order of maturity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, if the Administrative Agent has elected, or has been directed by the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders, to apply payments in respect of any Obligations in accordance with Section 4.03(b), prepayments required under Section 2.05(c) shall be applied in the manner set forth in Section 4.03(b).  
     (e)   Interest and Fees .  Any prepayment made pursuant to this Section 2.05 (other than prepayments made pursuant to subsection (c)(vii) of this Section 2.05) shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest on the principal amount being prepaid to the date of prepayment, (ii) any Funding Losses payable pursuant to Section 2.08, (iii) the Applicable Premium, if any, payable in connection with such prepayment of the Loans to the extent required under Section 2.06(e) and (iv) if such prepayment would reduce the amount of the outstanding Loans to zero at a time when the Total Revolving Credit Commitment has been terminated, such prepayment shall be accompanied by the payment of all fees accrued to such date pursuant to Section 2.06. 
     (f)   Cumulative Prepayments .  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.05, payments with respect to any subsection of this Section 2.05 are in addition to payments made or required to be made under any other subsection of this Section 2.05. 
                                                       Section 2.06   Fees . 
       (a)   Closing Fee .  On or prior to the Effective Date, the Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, in accordance with a written agreement among the Agents and the Lenders, a non refundable closing fee (the   Closing Fee  ) equal to $5,600,000, which shall be deemed fully earned when paid. 
       (b)   Unused Line Fee .  From and after the Effective Date and until the Termination Date, the Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Loan Lenders, in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, monthly in arrears on the first day of each month commencing December 1, 2016, an unused line fee (the   Unused Line Fee  ), which shall accrue at the rate per annum of 0.50% on the excess, if any, of the Total Revolving Credit Commitment over the sum of the average principal amount of all Revolving Loans outstanding from time to time during the preceding month. 
       (c)   Loan Servicing Fee .  From and after the Effective Date and until the Termination Date, the Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Agents ,in accordance with a written agreement between such Agents, a non-refundable loan servicing fee (the   Loan Servicing Fee  ) equal to an aggregate amount of $5,000 each month, which shall be deemed fully earned when paid and which shall be payable on the Effective Date (payable ratably based on the number of days remaining in the calendar month in which the Effective Date occurs) and monthly in advance thereafter on the first day of each calendar month commencing on December 1, 2016. 

(d)    [  Intentionally Omitted]  .  
         (e)   Applicable Premium . 
 (i)  Upon the occurrence of an Applicable Premium Trigger Event, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares, the Applicable Premium. 
 (ii)  Any Applicable Premium payable in accordance with this Section 2.06(e) shall be presumed to be equal to the liquidated damages sustained by the Lenders as the result of the occurrence of the Applicable Premium Trigger Event and the Loan Parties agree that it is reasonable under the circumstances currently existing.  THE LOAN PARTIES EXPRESSLY WAIVE THE PROVISIONS OF ANY PRESENT OR FUTURE STATUTE OR LAW THAT PROHIBITS OR MAY PROHIBIT THE COLLECTION OF THE FOREGOING APPLICABLE PREMIUM IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACCELERATION. 
 (iii)  The Loan Parties expressly agree that:  (A) the Applicable Premium is reasonable and is the product of an arm s length transaction between sophisticated business people, ably represented by counsel; (B) the Applicable Premium shall be payable notwithstanding the then prevailing market rates at the time payment is made; (C) there has been a course of conduct between the Lenders and the Loan Parties giving specific consideration in this transaction for such agreement to pay the Applicable Premium; (D) the Loan Parties shall be estopped hereafter from claiming differently than as agreed to in this paragraph; (E) their agreement to pay the Applicable Premium is a material inducement to Lenders to provide the Commitments and make the Loans, and (F) the Applicable Premium represents a good faith, reasonable estimate and calculation of the lost profits or damages of the Agents and the Lenders and that it would be impractical and extremely difficult to ascertain the actual amount of damages to the Agents and the Lenders or profits lost by the Agents and the Lenders as a result of such Applicable Premium Trigger Event. 
 (iv)  Nothing contained in this Section 2.06(e) shall permit any prepayment of the Loans or reduction of the Commitments not otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
     (f)   Audit and Collateral Monitoring Fees . The Borrowers acknowledge that pursuant to Section 7.01(f), representatives of the Agents may visit any or all of the Loan Parties and/or conduct inspections and environmental site assessments of any or all of the Loan Parties at any time and from time to time upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrowers (unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in which case, no such notice shall be required).  The Borrowers agree to pay (i) $1,500 per day per examiner plus the examiner s out-of-pocket costs and reasonable expenses incurred in connection with all such visits, inspections, environmental site assessments and (ii) the costs and reasonable expenses incurred in connection with all visits, inspections and environmental site assessments conducted by a third party on behalf of the Agents; provided, that so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Borrowers shall not be obligated to reimburse the Agents for costs and expenses in incurred in connection with more than one visit or inspection during any calendar year. 

Section 2.07      L  IBOR Option  .  
       (a)  The Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, elect to have interest on all or a portion of the Loans be charged at a rate of interest based upon the LIBOR Rate (the   LIBOR Option  ) by notifying the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) at least 3 Business Days prior to (i) the proposed borrowing date of a Loan (as provided in Section 2.02), (ii) in the case of the conversion of a Reference Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan, the commencement of the proposed Interest Period or (iii) in the case of the continuation of a LIBOR Rate Loan as a LIBOR Rate Loan, the last day of the then current Interest Period (the   LIBOR Deadline  ).  Notice of the Borrowers  election of the LIBOR Option for a permitted portion of the Loans and an Interest Period pursuant to this Section 2.07(a) shall be made by delivery to the Administrative Agent of (A) a Notice of Borrowing (in the case of the initial making of a Loan) in accordance with Section 2.02 or (B) a LIBOR Notice prior to the LIBOR Deadline (or by telephonic notice received by the Administrative Agent before the LIBOR Deadline (to be confirmed by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a LIBOR Notice received by the Administrative Agent prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the same day)).  Promptly upon its receipt of each such LIBOR Notice, the Administrative Agent shall provide a copy thereof to each of the Lenders.  Each LIBOR Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrowers. 
     (b)  Interest on LIBOR Rate Loans shall be payable in accordance with Section 2.04(d).  On the last day of each applicable Interest Period, unless the Borrowers properly have exercised the LIBOR Option with respect thereto, the interest rate applicable to such LIBOR Rate Loans automatically shall convert to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder.  At any time that a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers no longer shall have the option to request that any portion of the Loans bear interest at the LIBOR Rate and the Administrative Agent shall have the right to convert the interest rate on all outstanding LIBOR Rate Loans to the rate of interest then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period. 
     (c)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrowers (i) shall have not more than 5 LIBOR Rate Loans in effect at any given time, and (ii) only may exercise the LIBOR Option for LIBOR Rate Loans of at least $500,000 and integral multiples of $100,000 in excess thereof. 
     (d)  The Borrowers may prepay LIBOR Rate Loans at any time;  provided ,  however , that in the event that LIBOR Rate Loans are prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as a result of any mandatory prepayment pursuant to Section 2.05(c) or any application of payments or proceeds of Collateral in accordance with Section 4.03 or Section 4.04 or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this Agreement or acceleration of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, the Borrowers shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders and their participants harmless against any and all Funding Losses in accordance with Section 2.08. 

(e)    Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither any Agent nor any Lender, nor any of their participants, is required actually to acquire eurodollar deposits to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues at the LIBOR Rate.    
                                     Section 2.08   Funding Losses . In connection with each LIBOR Rate Loan, the Borrowers shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Agents and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense incurred by any Agent or any Lender as a result of (a) the payment of any principal of any LIBOR Rate Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default or any mandatory prepayment required pursuant to Section 2.05(c)), (b) the conversion of any LIBOR Rate Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of a Default or an Event of Default), or (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any LIBOR Rate Loan on the date specified in any Notice of Borrowing or LIBOR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, and expenses, collectively,   Funding Losses    ).  Funding Losses shall, with respect to any Agent or any Lender, be deemed to equal the amount reasonably determined by such Agent or such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the principal amount of such LIBOR Rate Loan had such event not occurred, at the LIBOR Rate that would have been applicable thereto, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period therefor),    minus    (ii) the amount of interest that would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Agent or such Lender would be offered were it to be offered, at the commencement of such period, Dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period in the London interbank market.  A certificate of an Agent or a Lender delivered to the Administrative Borrower setting forth any amount or amounts that such Agent or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.08 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
                                                 Section 2.09   Taxes . (a)  Any and all payments by or on account of any Loan Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for any and all Taxes, except as required by applicable law.  If any Loan Party shall be required to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to any Secured Party (or any transferee or assignee thereof, including a participation holder (any such entity, a   Transferee    )), (i) the applicable Withholding Agent shall make such deductions and (ii) the applicable Withholding Agent shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased by the amount (an   Additional Amount  ) necessary such that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.09) such Secured Party (or such Transferee) receives the amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made. 
       (a)  In addition, each Loan Party agrees to pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law any Other Taxes.  Each Loan Party shall deliver to each Secured Party official receipts in respect of any Taxes or Other Taxes payable hereunder promptly after payment of such Taxes or Other Taxes. 

(b)    The Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally indemnify and agree to hold each Secured Party harmless from and against Taxes and Other Taxes (including, without limitation, Taxes and Other Taxes imposed on any amounts payable under this Section 2.09) paid by such Person, whether or not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted.  Such indemnification shall be paid within 10 days from the date on which any such Person makes written demand therefore specifying in reasonable detail the nature and amount of such Taxes or Other Taxes.  
         (c)  Each Lender (or Transferee) that is not a U.S. Person (a   Non-U.S. Lender  ) agrees that it shall, no later than the Effective Date (or, in the case of a Lender which becomes a party hereto pursuant to Section 12.07 hereof after the Effective Date, promptly after the date upon which such Lender becomes a party hereto) deliver to the Agents one properly completed and duly executed copy of either U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8ECI or W-8IMY or any subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto, in each case claiming complete exemption from, or reduced rate of, U.S. Federal withholding tax on payments of interest hereunder.  In addition, in the case of a Non-U.S. Lender claiming exemption from U.S. Federal withholding tax under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, such Non-U.S. Lender hereby represents to the Agents and the Borrowers that such Non-U.S. Lender is not a bank for purposes of Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, is not a 10-percent shareholder (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code) of Patriot and is not a controlled foreign corporation related to Patriot (within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code), and such Non-U.S. Lender agrees that it shall promptly notify the Agents in the event any such representation is no longer accurate.  Such forms shall be delivered by each Non-U.S. Lender on or before the date it becomes a party to this Agreement (or, in the case of a Transferee that is a participation holder, on or before the date such participation holder becomes a Transferee hereunder) and on or before the date, if any, such Non-U.S. Lender changes its applicable lending office by designating a different lending office (a   New Lending Office  ).  In addition, such Lender (or Transferee) or Agent shall deliver such forms within 20 days after receipt of a written request therefor from the Administrative Borrower or any Agent, the assigning Lender or the Lender granting a participation, as applicable.  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.09, a Non-U.S. Lender shall not be required to deliver any form pursuant to this Section 2.09(d) that such Non-U.S. Lender is not legally able to deliver. 
       (d)  Any Secured Party (or Transferee) claiming any indemnity payment or additional payment amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.09 or Section 2.10 or Section 2.11 below shall use reasonable efforts (consistent with legal and regulatory restrictions) to file any certificate or document reasonably requested in writing by the Administrative Borrower or to change the jurisdiction of its applicable lending office if the making of such a filing or change would avoid the need for or reduce the amount of any such indemnity payment or additional amount that may thereafter accrue, would not require such Secured Party (or Transferee) to disclose any information such Secured Party (or Transferee) deems confidential and would not, in the sole determination of such Secured Party (or Transferee), be otherwise disadvantageous to such Secured Party (or Transferee).   If any Secured Party (or Transferee) declines or is unable to change the jurisdiction of its applicable lending office as set forth above, then the Administrative Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Secured Party (or Transferee), require such Secured Party to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and  

subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 12.07), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payment pursuant to Section 2.9 or Section 2.10) and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an eligible assignee pursuant to Section 12.07 that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Secured Party, if a Secured Party accepts such assignment); provided that:  
 (i)  Administrative Borrower shall have paid the applicable assignment fee, if any, specified in Section 12.07; 
 (ii)  Such Secured Party shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations pursuant to this Agreement and the related Loan Documents, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Administrative Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
 (iii)  In the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.10 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.9, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payment thereafter; 
 (iv)  In the case of any such assignment resulting a notice delivered by a Lender under Section 2.11, such assignment ill eliminate such illegality; and 
 (v)  Such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. 
     (e)  If any Secured Party (or a Transferee) shall become aware that it is entitled to claim a refund from a Governmental Authority in respect of Taxes or Other Taxes with respect to which any Loan Party has made an indemnity payment or paid additional amounts, pursuant to this Section 2.09, it shall promptly notify the Administrative Borrower of the availability of such refund claim and shall, within 30 days after receipt of a request by the Administrative Borrower, make a claim to such Governmental Authority for such refund at the Loan Parties  expense.  If any Secured Party (or a Transferee) receives a refund (including pursuant to a claim for refund made pursuant to the preceding sentence) in respect of any Taxes or Other Taxes with respect to which any Loan Party has made an Indemnity payment or paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.09, it shall within 30 days from the date of such receipt pay over such refund to the Administrative Borrower, net of all out of pocket expenses of such Secured Party (or Transferee). 
     (f)  If a payment made to a Lender (or Transferee) or any Agent under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender (or Transferee) or Agent were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Lender (or Transferee) or Agent shall deliver to the Administrative Borrower and the Agents at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Administrative Borrower or the Agents such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative  

Borrower or the Agents as may be necessary for the Administrative Borrower and the Agents to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender (or Transferee) or Agent has complied with its obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (g),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.  Any forms, certifications or other documentation under this clause (g) shall be delivered by each Lender (or Transferee) and each Agent  .  
     (g)  The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.09 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
                                         Section 2.10   Increased Costs and Reduced Return . (a)   If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law shall (i) subject such Secured Party, or any Person controlling such Secured Party to any tax, duty or other charge with respect to this Agreement or any Loan made by such Agent or such Lender, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party of any amounts payable hereunder (except for (w) taxes on the overall net income of such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party, (x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and (z) Connection Income Taxes), (ii) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against any Loan or against assets of or held by, or deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party or (iii) impose on such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party any other condition regarding this Agreement or any Loan, and the result of any event referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall be to increase the cost to such Secured Party of making any Loan, or agreeing to make any Loan, or to reduce any amount received or receivable by such Secured Party hereunder, then, upon demand by such Secured Party, the Borrowers shall pay to such Secured Party such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such increased costs or reductions in amount. 
     (a)  If any Secured Party shall have determined that any Change in Law affecting the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Secured Party or any Person controlling such Secured Party has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s capital to a level below that which such Secured Party or such controlling Person could have achieved but for such Change in Law as a consequence of any Loans made or maintained, or any agreement to make Loans or such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s other obligations hereunder (in each case, taking into consideration, such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s policies with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower s shall pay to such Secured Party such additional amounts as will compensate such Secured Party for such reduction in the rate of return on such Secured Party s or such other controlling Person s capital. 

(b)    A certificate of such Secured Party claiming compensation under this Section 2.10, specifying the event herein above described and the nature of such event shall be submitted by such Secured Party to the Administrative Borrower, setting forth the additional amount due and an explanation of the calculation thereof, and such Secured Party s reasons for invoking the provisions of this Section 2.10, and shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error.    The Administrative Borrower shall pay such Secured Party the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.  
     (c)  Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation;  provided  that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.10 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Administrative Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
     (d)  The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.10 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
                                   Section 2.11     Changes in Law; Impracticability or Illegality .   
 (a)  [Intentionally Omitted]. 
     (b)  In the event that any change in market conditions or any law, regulation, treaty, or directive, or any change therein or in the interpretation of application thereof, shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for such Lender to fund or maintain LIBOR Rate Loans or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or charge interest rates at the LIBOR Rate, such Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to the Administrative Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and (i) in the case of any LIBOR Rate Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, the date specified in such Lender s notice shall be deemed to be the last day of the Interest Period of such LIBOR Rate Loans, and interest upon the LIBOR Rate Loans of such Lender thereafter shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Reference Rate Loans of the same type hereunder, and (ii) the Borrowers shall not be entitled to elect the LIBOR Option (including in any borrowing, conversion or continuation then being requested) until such Lender determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to do so. 
     (c)  The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 2.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

ARTICLE III            [INTENTIONA  LLY OMITTED]  
                                         ARTICLE IV                                       APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS; DEFAULTING LENDERS; JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF BORROWERS  
                                                   Section 4.01   Payments; Computations and Statements   . (a)  The Borrowers will make each payment under this Agreement not later than 12:00 noon (New York City time) on the day when due, in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent s Account.  All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 12:00 noon (New York City time) on any Business Day will be credited to the Loan Account on the next succeeding Business Day.  All payments shall be made by the Borrowers without set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, deduction or other defense to the Agents and the Lenders.  Except as provided in Section 2.02, after receipt, the Administrative Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal ratably to the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  The Lenders and the Borrowers hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, charge the Loan Account of the Borrowers with any amount due and payable by the Borrowers under any Loan Document.  Each of the Lenders and the Borrowers agrees that the Administrative Agent shall have the right to make such charges whether or not any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or whether any of the conditions precedent in Section 5.02 have been satisfied.  Any amount charged to the Loan Account of the Borrowers shall be deemed a Revolving Loan hereunder made by the Revolving Loan Lenders to the Borrowers, funded by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Revolving Loan Lenders and subject to Section 2.02 of this Agreement.  The Lenders and the Borrowers confirm that any charges which the Administrative Agent may so make to the Loan Account of the Borrowers as herein provided will be made as an accommodation to the Borrowers and solely at the Administrative Agent s discretion, provided that the Administrative Agent shall from time to time upon the request of the Collateral Agent, charge the Loan Account of the Borrowers with any amount due and payable under any Loan Document.  Whenever any payment to be made under any such Loan Document shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of interest or fees, as the case may be.  All computations of fees shall be made by the Administrative Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days for the actual number of days.  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fees hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes in the absence of manifest error. 

(a)    The Administrative Agent shall provide the Administrative Borrower, promptly after the end of each calendar month, a summary statement (in the form from time to time used by the Administrative Agent) of the opening and closing daily balances in the Loan Account of the Borrowers during such month, the amounts and dates of all Loans made to the Borrowers during such month, the amounts and dates of all payments on account of the Loans to the Borrowers during such month and the Loans to which such payments were applied, the amount of interest accrued on the Loans to the Borrowers during such month, and the amount and nature of any charges to the Loan Account made during such month on account of fees, commissions, expenses and other Obligations.  All entries on any such statement shall be presumed to be correct and, 30 days after the same is sent, shall be final and conclusive absent manifest error.  
                                                 Section 4.02   Sharing of Payments   . Except as provided in Section 2.02 hereof, if any Lender shall obtain any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of any Obligation in excess of its ratable share of payments on account of similar obligations obtained by all the Lenders, such Lender shall forthwith purchase from the other Lenders such participations in such similar obligations held by them as shall be necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment ratably with each of them;  provided ,  however   , that (a) if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter recovered from such purchasing Lender, such purchase from each Lender shall be rescinded and each Lender shall repay to the purchasing Lender the purchase price to the extent of such recovery together with an amount equal to such Lender s ratable share (according to the proportion of (i) the amount of such Lender s required repayment to (ii) the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other amount paid by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total amount so recovered and (b) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (i) any payment made by the Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), or (ii) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans, other than to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply).  The Borrowers agree that any Lender so purchasing a participation from another Lender pursuant to this Section may, to the fullest extent permitted by law, exercise all of its rights (including the Lender s right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrowers in the amount of such participation. 
                                               Section 4.03   Apportionment of Payments   . Subject to Section 2.02 hereof and to any written agreement among the Agents and/or the Lenders: 
     (a)  All payments of principal and interest in respect of outstanding Loans, all payments of fees (other than the fees set forth in Section 2.06 hereof) and all other payments in respect of any other Obligations, shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent among such of the Lenders as are entitled thereto, in proportion to their respective Pro Rata Shares or otherwise as provided herein or, in respect of payments not made on account of Loans, as designated by the Person making payment when the payment is made. 

(b)    After the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and upon the direction of the Collateral Agent or the Required Lenders shall, apply all proceeds of the Collateral, subject to the provisions of this Agreement  (i)   first  , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any fees, expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Agents until paid in full; (ii)   second  , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Collateral Agent Advances until paid in full; (iii)   third  , ratably to pay principal of the Collateral Agent Advances until paid in full; (iv)   fourth  , ratably to pay the Revolving Loan Obligations and Term Loan Obligations in respect of any fees (other than any Applicable Premium), expense reimbursements, indemnities and other amounts then due and payable to the Revolving Loan Lenders and Term Loan Lenders until paid in full; (v)   fifth  , ratably to pay interest then due and payable in respect of the Revolving Loans and the Term Loan until paid in full; (vi)   sixth  , ratably to pay principal of the Revolving Loans and the Term Loan until paid in full; (vii)   seventh  , ratably to pay the Obligations in respect of any Applicable Premium then due and payable to the Lenders until paid in full; and (viii)   eighth  , to the ratable payment of all other Obligations then due and payable  .  
     (c)  For purposes of Section 4.03(b) (other than clause (xi) thereof),  paid in full  means payment in cash of all amounts owing under the Loan Documents according to the terms thereof, including loan fees, service fees, professional fees, interest (and specifically including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding), default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, whether or not same would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding, except to the extent that default or overdue interest (but not any other interest) and loan fees, each arising from or related to a default, are disallowed in any Insolvency Proceeding;  provided ,  however , that for the purposes of clause (xi),  paid in full  means payment in cash of all amounts owing under the Loan Documents according to the terms thereof, including loan fees, service fees, professional fees, interest (and specifically including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding), default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, whether or not the same would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding. 
     (d)  In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 4.03 and other provisions contained in any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that both such priority provisions in such documents shall be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other.  In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 4.03 shall control and govern. 
                                             Section 4.04   Defaulting Lenders   .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable law: 
     (a)  Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 12.02. 

(b)    The Administrative Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to such Defaulting Lender any payments made by any Borrower to the Administrative Agent for such Defaulting Lender s benefit, and, in the absence of such transfer to such Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall transfer any such payments to each other non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares (without giving effect to the Pro Rata Shares of such Defaulting Lender) (but only to the extent that such Defaulting Lender s Loans were funded by the other Lenders) or, if so directed by the Administrative Borrower and if no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (and to the extent such Defaulting Lender s Loans were not funded by the other Lenders), retain the same to be re-advanced to the Borrowers as if such Defaulting Lender had made such Loans to the Borrowers.  Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to the Borrowers for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender.  
     (c)  Any such failure to fund by any Defaulting Lender shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle the Borrowers to replace the Defaulting Lender with one or more substitute Lenders, and the Defaulting Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder.  Such notice to replace the Defaulting Lender shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given.  Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Defaulting Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever.  If the Defaulting Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Defaulting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance.  The replacement of any Defaulting Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07. 
     (d)  The operation of this Section shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitments of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse the performance by any Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to the Administrative Agent or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender. 
     (e)  This Section shall remain effective with respect to such Lender until either (i) the Obligations under this Agreement shall have been declared or shall have become immediately due and payable or (ii) the non-Defaulting Lenders, the Agents, and the Borrowers shall have waived such Defaulting Lender s default in writing, and the Defaulting Lender makes its Pro Rata Share of the applicable defaulted Loans and pays to the Agents all amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender in respect thereof; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while such Lender was a Defaulting Lender; provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from such Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 

Section 4.05      Administrative Borrower; Join  t and Several Liability of the Borrowers  .  
     (a)  Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints Patriot as the borrowing agent and attorney-in-fact for the Borrowers (the   Administrative Borrower  ) which appointment shall remain in full force and effect unless and until the Agents shall have received prior written notice signed by all of the Borrowers that such appointment has been revoked and that another Borrower has been appointed Administrative Borrower.  Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Borrower (i) to provide to the Agents and receive from the Agents all notices with respect to Loans obtained for the benefit of any Borrower and all other notices and instructions under this Agreement and (ii) to take such action as the Administrative Borrower deems appropriate on its behalf to obtain Loans and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement.  It is understood that the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of the Borrowers in a combined fashion, as more fully set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to the Borrowers in order to utilize the collective borrowing powers of the Borrowers in the most efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that neither the Agents nor the Lenders shall incur liability to the Borrowers as a result hereof.  Each Borrower expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling of the Loan Account and the Collateral in a combined fashion since the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent on the continued successful performance of the integrated group. 
     (b)  Each Borrower hereby accepts joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in consideration of the financial accommodations to be provided by the Agents and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, for the mutual benefit, directly and indirectly, of each of the Borrowers and in consideration of the undertakings of the other Borrowers to accept joint and several liability for the Obligations.  Each of the Borrowers, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a surety but also as a co-debtor, joint and several liability with the other Borrowers, with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations (including, without limitation, any Obligations arising under this Section 4.05), it being the intention of the parties hereto that all of the Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each of the Borrowers without preferences or distinction among them.  If and to the extent that any of the Borrowers shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations as and when due or to perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event, the other Borrowers will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligation.  Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Obligations of each of the Borrowers under the provisions of this Section 4.05 constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse Obligations of each of the Borrowers, enforceable against each such Person to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other circumstances whatsoever. 

(c)    The provisions of this Section 4.05 are made for the benefit of the Agents, the Lenders and their successors and assigns, and may be enforced by them from time to time against any or all of the Borrowers as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement on the part of the Agents, the Lenders or such successors or assigns first to marshal any of its or their claims or to exercise any of its or their rights against any of the other Borrowers or to exhaust any remedies available to it or them against any of the other Borrowers or to resort to any other source or means of obtaining payment of any of the Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy.  The provisions of this Section 4.05 shall remain in effect until all of the Obligations shall have been paid in full or otherwise fully satisfied.  
     (d)  Each of the Borrowers hereby agrees that it will not enforce any of its rights of contribution or subrogation against the other Borrowers with respect to any liability incurred by it hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, any payments made by it to the Agents or the Lenders with respect to any of the Obligations or any Collateral, until such time as all of the Obligations have been paid in full in cash.  Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with respect to any payments to the Agents or the Lenders hereunder or under any other Loan Documents are hereby expressly made subordinate and junior in right of payment, without limitation as to any increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations. 
                                         ARTICLE V                                       CONDITIONS TO LOANS  
                                                   Section 5.01   Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective as of the Business Day (the     Effective Date  ) when each of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied in a manner satisfactory to the Agents: 
     (a)   Payment of Fees, Etc .  The Borrowers shall have paid on or before the Effective Date all fees, costs, expenses and taxes then payable pursuant to Section 2.06 and Section 12.04. 
       (b)   Representations and Warranties; No Event of Default .  The following statements shall be true and correct:  (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in each other Loan Document, certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant hereto or thereto on or prior to the Effective Date are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Effective Date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date) and (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Effective Date or would result from this Agreement or the other Loan Documents becoming effective in accordance with its or their respective terms. 
     (c)   Legality .  The making of the initial Loans shall not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable to any Secured Party. 

(d)    Delivery of Documents  .  The Collateral Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and, unless indicated otherwise, dated the Effective Date and, if applicable, duly executed by the Persons party thereto:  
 (i)  a Security Agreement, together with the original stock certificates representing all of the Equity Interests and all promissory notes required to be pledged thereunder, accompanied by undated stock powers executed in blank and other proper instruments of transfer; 
   (ii)  evidence satisfactory to the Collateral Agent of the filing of appropriate financing statements on Form UCC 1 in such office or offices as may be necessary or, in the opinion of the Collateral Agent, desirable to perfect the security interests purported to be created by each Security Agreement and each Mortgage; 
 (iii)  the results of searches for any effective UCC financing statements, tax Liens or judgment Liens filed against any Loan Party or its property, which results shall not show any such Liens (other than Permitted Liens acceptable to the Collateral Agent); 
 (iv)  a Perfection Certificate;  
 (v)  the Disbursement Letter; 
 (vi)  the Intercompany Subordination Agreement; 
 (vii)  a certificate of an Authorized Officer of each Loan Party, certifying (A) as to copies of the Governing Documents of such Loan Party, together with all amendments thereto (including, without limitation, a true and complete copy of the charter, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or other publicly filed organizational document of each Loan Party certified as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date by an appropriate official of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party which shall set forth the same complete name of such Loan Party as is set forth herein and the organizational number of such Loan Party, if an organizational number is issued in such jurisdiction), (B) as to a copy of the resolutions or written consents of such Loan Party authorizing (1) the borrowings hereunder and the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is or will be a party, and (2) the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the execution and delivery of the other documents to be delivered by such Person in connection herewith and therewith, (C) the names and true signatures of the representatives of such Loan Party authorized to sign each Loan Document (in the case of a Borrower, including, without limitation, Notices of Borrowing, LIBOR Notices and all other notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents) to which such Loan Party is or will be a party and the other documents to be executed and delivered by such Loan Party in connection herewith and therewith, together with evidence of the incumbency of such authorized officers and (D) as to the matters set forth in Section 5.01(b); 

(viii)    a certificate of the chief financial officer of Patriot (A) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations required to establish compliance, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the Loans, with each of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.03 (as if the covenants applicable to the quarter ending March 31, 2017 applied on the Effective Date), (B) certifying that all tax returns required to be filed by the Loan Parties have been filed and all taxes upon the Loan Parties or their properties, assets, and income (including real property taxes and payroll taxes) have been paid,   except to the extent contested in good faith by proper proceedings and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP  , (C) attaching a copy of the Financial Statements and the Projections described in   Section 6.01(g)(ii)   hereof and certifying as to the compliance in all material respects with the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(g)(i) and Section 6.01(g)(ii) and (D) attaching a copy of the solvency analysis provided by Duff   Phelps to the Board of Directors of Patriot  ;  
 (ix)  a certificate of the chief financial officer of each Loan Party, certifying as to the solvency of such Loan Party (after giving effect to the Loans made on the Effective Date); 
   (x)  a certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower certifying that (A) the attached copies of the Material Contracts as in effect on the Effective Date are true, complete and correct copies thereof and (B) such agreements remain in full force and effect and that none of the Loan Parties has breached or defaulted in any of its obligations under such agreements; 
 (xi)  a certificate of the appropriate official(s) of the jurisdiction of organization and, except to the extent such failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each jurisdiction of foreign qualification of each Loan Party certifying as of a recent date not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Date as to the subsistence in good standing of, and the payment of taxes by, such Loan Party in such jurisdictions; 
 (xii)  an opinion of BakerHostetler, counsel to the Loan Parties, as to such matters as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request; 
 (xiii)  evidence of the insurance coverage required by Section 7.01 and the terms of each Security Agreement and each Mortgage and such other insurance coverage with respect to the business and operations of the Loan Parties as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, in each case, where requested by the Collateral Agent; 
 (xiv)  a collateral access agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, executed by each Person who possesses Inventory of any Loan Party, which Inventory has a fair market value in excess of $250,000; 

(xv)    evidence of the payment in full of all Indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facility, together with (A) a termination and release agreement with respect to the Existing Credit Facility and all related documents, duly executed by the Loan Parties and the Existing Lenders, (B) a satisfaction of mortgage for each mortgage filed by the Existing Lender on each Facility, (C) a termination of security interest in Intellectual Property for each assignment for security recorded by the Existing Lenders at the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office and covering any intellectual property of the Loan Parties, and (D) UCC   3 termination statements for all UCC-1 financing statements filed by the Existing Lenders and covering any portion of the Collateral; and  
 (xvi)  such other agreements, instruments, approvals, opinions and other documents, each satisfactory to the Agents in form and substance, as any Agent may reasonably request. 
     (e)   Material Adverse Effect .  The Collateral Agent shall have determined, in its sole judgment, that no event or development shall have occurred since December 31, 2015 which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
         (f)   Approvals .  All consents, authorizations and approvals of, and filings and registrations with, and all other actions in respect of, any Governmental Authority or other Person required in connection with the making of the Loans shall have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect.        
                                                       Section 5.02   Conditions Precedent to All Loans   .  The obligation of any Agent or any Lender to make any Loan after the Effective Date is subject to the fulfillment, in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, of each of the following conditions precedent: 
     (a)   Payment of Fees, Etc.   The Borrowers shall have paid all fees, costs, expenses and taxes then payable by the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, Section 2.06 and Section 12.04 hereof. 
     (b)   Representations and Warranties; No Event of Default .  The following statements shall be true and correct, and the submission by the Administrative Borrower to the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing with respect to each such Loan, and the Borrowers  acceptance of the proceeds of such Loan, shall each be deemed to be a representation and warranty by each Loan Party on the date of such Loan that:  (i) the representations and warranties contained in Article VI and in each other Loan Document, certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant hereto or thereto on or prior to the date of such Loan are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations or warranties that already are qualified or modified as to materiality or  Material Adverse Effect  in the text thereof, which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects subject to such qualification) on and as of such date as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that any such representation or warranty expressly relates solely to an earlier date (in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct on and as of such earlier date), (ii) at the time of and after giving effect to the making of such Loan and the application of the proceeds thereof, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the making of the Loan to be made, on such date and (iii) the conditions set forth in this Section 5.02 have been satisfied as of the date of such request. 

(c)    Legality  .  The making of such Loan shall not contravene any law, rule or regulation applicable to any Secured Party.  
     (d)   Notices .  The Administrative Agent shall have received a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.02 hereof. 
     (e)   Proceedings; Receipt of Documents .  All proceedings in connection with the making of such Loan and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and all documents incidental hereto and thereto, shall be satisfactory to the Agents and their counsel, and the Agents and such counsel shall have received such other agreements, instruments, approvals, opinions and other documents, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agents, as any Agent may reasonably request. 
                                             Section 5.03   Conditions Subsequent to Effectiveness   . As an accommodation to the Loan Parties, the Agents and the Lenders have agreed to execute this Agreement and to make the Loans on the Effective Date notwithstanding the failure by the Loan Parties to satisfy the conditions set forth below on or before the Effective Date.  In consideration of such accommodation, the Loan Parties agree that, in addition to all other terms, conditions and provisions set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, those conditions set forth in Section 5.01, the Loan Parties shall satisfy each of the conditions subsequent set forth below on or before the date applicable thereto (it being understood that (i) the failure by the Loan Parties to perform or cause to be performed any such condition subsequent on or before the date applicable thereto shall constitute an Event of Default and (ii) to the extent that the existence of any such condition subsequent would otherwise cause any representation, warranty or covenant in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to be breached, the Required Lenders hereby waive such breach for the period from the Effective Date until the date on which such condition subsequent is required to be fulfilled pursuant to this Section 5.03): 
 (a)  Within 3 days after the Effective Date (or such later date as may be permitted by the Agents in their sole discretion), the Agents shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Agents of the payment of all stamp taxes that are required to be paid under the laws of the State of Florida in connection with the Loans and any of the other transactions contemplated herein. 
 (b)  Pursuant to Section 8.01(a) hereof, within 45 days after the Effective Date (or such later date as may be permitted by the Agents in their sole discretion), the Agents shall have received Control Agreements, each reasonably satisfactory to the Agents, with respect to each of the Cash Management Accounts. 
 (c)  Within 30 days after the Effective Date (or such later date as may be permitted by the Agents in their sole discretion), the Agents shall have received endorsements as to the named insureds or lender loss payees under the insurance policies set forth on Schedule 6.01(r) as required under Section 7.01(h) and providing that such policy may be terminated or canceled (by the insurer or the insured thereunder) only upon 30 days  prior written notice to the Collateral Agent and each such named insured or lender loss payee, together with evidence of the payment of all premiums due in respect thereof for such period as the Collateral Agent may request. 

(d)    On or before January 31, 2017 (or such later date as may be permitted by the Agents in their sole discretion), the Agents shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Agents that the Facility located at 715 Congaree Road, Greenville, South Carolina 29607 (the    SC Property   ) shall have been sold by Patriot; provided that if Patriot or one of its Subsidiaries owns the SC Property after January 31, 2017, then no later February 28, 2017 (or such later date as may be permitted by the Agents in their sole discretion), the Agents shall have received each of the Real Property Deliverables with respect to the SC Property.   
                                             ARTICLE VI                                           REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  
                                   Section 6.01   Representations and Warranties   . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Secured Parties as follows: 
       (a)   Organization, Good Standing, Etc . Each Loan Party (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state or jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted and as presently contemplated and, in the case of the Borrowers, to make the borrowings hereunder, and to execute and deliver each Loan Document to which it is a party, and to consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except (solely for the purposes of this subclause (iii)) where the failure to be so qualified and in good standing could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
       (b)   Authorization, Etc . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which it is or will be a party, (i) have been duly authorized by all necessary action, (ii) do not and will not contravene (A) any of its Governing Documents, (B) any applicable Requirement of Law or (C) any Contractual Obligation binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, (iii) do not and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien (other than pursuant to any Loan Document) upon or with respect to any of its properties, and (iv) do not and will not result in any default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable to its operations or any of its properties, except, in the case of clauses (ii)(B), (ii)(C) and (iv), to the extent where such contravention, default, noncompliance, suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture or nonrenewal could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
       (c)   Governmental Approvals . No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required in connection with the due execution, delivery and performance by any Loan Party of any Loan Document to which it is or will be a party other than filings and recordings with respect to Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing or recordation, on the Effective Date. 

(d)    Enforceability of Loan Documents  . This Agreement is, and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party is or will be a party, when delivered hereunder, will be, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person, enforceable against such Person in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general principles of equity.  
             (e)   Capitalization . On the Effective Date, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby to occur on the Effective Date, the authorized Equity Interests of Patriot and each of its Subsidiaries and the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Patriot and each of its Subsidiaries are as set forth on Schedule 6.01(e).  All of the issued and outstanding shares of Equity Interests of Patriot and each of its Subsidiaries have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable, and the holders thereof are not entitled to any preemptive, first refusal or other similar rights.  All Equity Interests of such Subsidiaries of Patriot are owned by Patriot free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Specified Liens).  Except as described on Schedule 6.01(e), there are no outstanding debt or equity securities of Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries and no outstanding obligations of Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for, or warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligations of Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, directly or indirectly, any shares of Equity Interests of Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries. 
           (f)   Litigation . Except as set forth in Schedule 6.01(f), there is no pending or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened action, suit or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any of its properties before any court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator that (i) if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) relates to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any transaction contemplated hereby or thereby.  
         (g)     Financial Statements .  
   (i)  The Financial Statements, copies of which have been delivered to each Agent and each Lender, fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial condition of Patriot and its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal periods ended on such respective dates, all in accordance with GAAP, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments for Financial Statements that are not audited.  All material indebtedness and other liabilities (including, without limitation, Indebtedness, liabilities for taxes, long-term leases and other unusual forward or long-term commitments), direct or contingent, of Patriot and its Subsidiaries are set forth in the Financial Statements to the extent that such indebtedness and other liabilities are required to be disclosed on such Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP.  Since December 31, 2015, no event or development has occurred that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(ii)    Patriot has heretofore furnished to each Agent and each Lender (A) projected quarterly balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flows of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the period from   October 1, 2016, through December 31, 2021,     and (B) projected annual balance sheets, income statements and statements of cash flows of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Years ending in   December 31, 2016   through   December 31, 2021  , which projected financial statements shall be updated from time to time pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(vii).      
         (h)   Compliance with Law, Etc . No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of (i) any of its Governing Documents, (ii) any Requirement of Law, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) any term of any Contractual Obligation (including, without limitation, any Material Contract) binding on or otherwise affecting it or any of its properties, except where the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and as of the Effective Date, no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing thereunder. 
           (i)   ERISA . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), (i) each Employee Plan is in substantial compliance with ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, (ii) no Termination Event has occurred nor is reasonably expected to occur with respect to any Employee Plan, (iii) the most recent annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Employee Plan, including any required Schedule B (Actuarial Information) thereto, copies of which have been filed with the Internal Revenue Service and delivered to the Agents, is complete and correct and fairly presents the funding status of such Employee Plan, and since the date of such report there has been no material adverse change in such funding status, (iv) copies of each agreement entered into with the PBGC, the U.S. Department of Labor or the Internal Revenue Service with respect to any Employee Plan have been delivered to the Agents, (v) no Employee Plan had an accumulated or waived funding deficiency or permitted decrease which would create a deficiency in its funding standard account or has applied for an extension of any amortization period within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code at any time during the previous 60 months, and (vi) no Lien imposed under the Internal Revenue Code or ERISA exists or is likely to arise on account of any Employee Plan within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code.  Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(i), no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any withdrawal liability under ERISA with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, or is aware of any facts indicating that it or any of its ERISA Affiliates may in the future incur any such withdrawal liability.  No Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates nor any fiduciary of any Employee Plan has (i) engaged in a nonexempt prohibited transaction described in Sections 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, (ii) failed to pay any required installment or other payment required under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code on or before the due date for such required installment or payment, (iii) engaged in a transaction within the meaning of Section 4069 of ERISA or (iv) incurred any liability to the PBGC which remains outstanding other than the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due which are unpaid.  There are no pending or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened claims, actions, proceedings or lawsuits (other than claims for benefits in the normal course) asserted or instituted against (i) any Employee Plan or its assets, (ii) any fiduciary with respect to any Employee Plan, or (iii) any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates with respect to any Employee Plan.  Except as required by Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue  Code, no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates maintains an employee welfare benefit plan (as  

defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) which provides health or welfare benefits (through the purchase of insurance or otherwise) for any retired or former employee of any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates or coverage after a participant s termination of employment.  
       (j)   Taxes, Etc . All foreign, Federal and material provincial, state and local tax returns and other reports required by applicable Requirements of Law to be filed by any Loan Party have been filed, or extensions have been obtained, and (ii) all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges imposed upon any Loan Party or any property of any Loan Party in an aggregate amount for all such taxes, assessments and other governmental charges exceeding $500,000 and which have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof on the Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. 
       (k)   Regulations T, U and X . No Loan Party is or will be engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X), and no proceeds of any Loan will be used to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or for any purpose that violates, or is inconsistent with, the provisions of Regulation T, U and X. 
               (l)     Nature of Business . 
 (i)  No Loan Party is engaged in any business other than as set forth on Schedule 6.01(l). 
 (ii)  Except as identified in the Financial Statements or as disclosed in publicly available filings with the SEC, Patriot does not have any material liabilities (other than liabilities arising under the Loan Documents), own any material assets (other than the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries) or engage in any operations or business (other than the ownership of its Subsidiaries). 
       (m)   Adverse Agreements, Etc . No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any Contractual Obligation or subject to any restriction or limitation in any Governing Document or any judgment, order, regulation, ruling or other requirement of a court or other Governmental Authority, which (either individually or in the aggregate) has, or in the future could reasonably be expected (either individually or in the aggregate) to have, a Material Adverse Effect. 
         (n)   Permits, Etc . Each Loan Party has, and is in compliance with, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations required for such Person lawfully to own, lease, manage or operate, or to acquire, each business and Facility currently owned, leased, managed or operated, or to be acquired, by such Person, except to the extent the failure to have or be in compliance therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   

(o)    Properties  . Each Loan Party has good and marketable title to, valid leasehold interests in, or valid licenses to use, all property and assets material to its business, free and clear of all Liens, except Permitted Liens.  All such properties and assets are in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted.  
           (p)   Employee and Labor Matters . Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, there is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened against any Loan Party before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown, stoppage or similar action or grievance pending or threatened against any Loan Party or (iii) to the best knowledge of each Loan Party, no union representation question existing with respect to the employees of any Loan Party and no union organizing activity taking place with respect to any of the employees of any Loan Party.  Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (  WARN  ) or similar state law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied.  The hours worked and payments made to employees of any Loan Party have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable legal requirements, except to the extent such violation could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  All payments due from any Loan Party on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party, except to the extent that the failure to pay or accrue such amount could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
           (q)   Environmental Matters . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(q), (i) the operations of each Loan Party are in compliance with all Environmental Laws, except to the extent that such non-compliance could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) there has been no Release at any of the properties owned or operated by any Loan Party or a predecessor in interest, or at any disposal or treatment facility which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party or any predecessor in interest which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) no Environmental Action has been asserted against any Loan Party or any predecessor in interest nor does any Loan Party have knowledge or notice of any threatened or pending Environmental Action against any Loan Party or any predecessor in interest which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (iv) no Environmental Actions have been asserted against any facilities that may have received Hazardous Materials generated by any Loan Party or any predecessor in interest which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (v) to the knowledge of the Borrower, no property now or formerly owned or operated by a Loan Party has been used as a treatment or disposal site for any Hazardous Material; (vi) no Loan Party has failed to report to the proper Governmental Authority any Release which is required to be so reported by any Environmental Laws which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (vii) each Loan Party holds all licenses, permits and approvals required under any Environmental Laws in connection with the operation of the business carried on by it, except for such licenses, permits and approvals as to which a Loan Party s failure to maintain or comply with could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (viii) no Loan Party has received any notification pursuant to any Environmental Laws that (A) any work, repairs, construction or  

Capital Expenditures are required to be made in respect as a condition of continued compliance with any Environmental Laws, or any license, permit or approval issued pursuant thereto or (B) any license, permit or approval referred to above is about to be reviewed, made, subject to limitations or conditions, revoked, withdrawn or terminated, in each case, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
           (r)   Insurance . Each Loan Party maintains the insurance and required services and financial assurance as required by law and as required by Section 7.01(h).  Schedule 6.01(r) sets forth a list of all insurance maintained by each Loan Party on the Effective Date. 
       (s)   Use of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans shall be used to (a) refinance existing indebtedness of the Loan Parties, (b) fund the Effective Date Dividend, (c) fund the Effective Date Stock Buyback, (d) for general working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes of the Loan Parties and (e) to pay fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement .   
       (t)   Solvency . After giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and before and after giving effect to each Loan, each Loan Party is, and the Loan Parties on a consolidated basis are, Solvent.  No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party. 
         (u)   Intellectual Property . Except as set forth on Schedule 6.01(u), each Loan Party owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property rights that are necessary for the operation of its business, without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any other Person with respect thereto, except for such infringements and conflicts which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Set forth on Schedule 6.01(u) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of (i) each item of Registered Intellectual Property owned by each Loan Party and (ii) each material work of authorship owned by each Loan party and which is not Registered Intellectual Property.      No trademark or other advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by any Loan Party infringes upon or conflicts with any rights owned by any other Person, and no claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower threatened, except for such infringements and conflicts which could not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of each Loan Party, no patent, invention, device, application, principle or any statute, law, rule, regulation, standard or code pertaining to Intellectual Property is pending or proposed, which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(v)    Material Contracts  . Set forth on Schedule 6.01(v) is a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of all Material Contracts of each Loan Party, showing the parties and subject matter thereof and amendments and modifications thereto.  Each such Material Contract (i) is in full force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against each Loan Party that is a party thereto and, to the best knowledge of such Loan Party, all other parties thereto in accordance with its terms, (ii) has not been otherwise amended or modified, and (iii) is not in default due to the action of any Loan Party or, to the best knowledge of any Loan Party, any other party thereto.  
       (w)   Investment Company Act . None of the Loan Parties is (i) an  investment company  or an  affiliated person  or  promoter  of, or  principal underwriter  of or for, an  investment company , as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or (ii) subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law that limits in any respect its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or a portion of the Obligations unenforceable. 
       (x)   Material Customers . Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, there exists no actual or, to the Borrowers  knowledge, threatened termination, cancellation or limitation of, or modification to or change in, the business relationship between any Loan Party, on the one hand, and any customer or any group thereof, on the other hand, whose agreements with any Loan Party are individually or in the aggregate material to the business or operations of such Loan Party; and there exists no present state of facts or circumstances that could give rise to or result in any such termination, cancellation, limitation, modification or change. 
       (y)  [ Intentionally Omitted ]. 
       (z)  [ Intentionally Omitted ]. 
   (aa)  [ Intentionally Omitted ].  
 (bb)   Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws .  
 (i)  None of the Loan Parties, nor any Affiliate of any of the Loan Parties, has violated or is in violation of any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws or has engaged in or conspired to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
     (ii)  None of the Loan Parties, nor any Affiliate of any of the Loan Parties, nor any officer or director of any of the Loan Parties, nor any of the Loan Parties  respective agents acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the Loans or other transactions hereunder, is a Blocked Person.   

(iii)    None of the Loan Parties, nor any of their agents acting in any capacity in connection with the Loans or other transactions hereunder, (A) conducts any business with or for the benefit of any Blocked Person or engages in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to, from or for the benefit of any Blocked Person, or (B) deals in, or otherwise engages in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to any OFAC Sanctions Programs.  
   (cc)   Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Laws . 
 (i)  The Loan Parties are in compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the   FCPA  ) and the anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of those jurisdictions in which they do business (collectively, the   Anti-Corruption Laws  ).  
 (ii)  None of the Loan Parties has at any time:  
 (A)  offered, promised, paid, given, or authorized the payment or giving of any money, gift or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any employee, official, representative, or other person acting on behalf of any foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) Governmental Authority thereof, or of any public international organization, or any foreign political party or official thereof, or candidate for foreign political office (collectively,   Foreign Official  ), for the purpose of: (1) influencing any act or decision of such Foreign Official in his, her, or its official capacity; or (2) inducing such Foreign Official to do, or omit to do, an act in violation of the lawful duty of such Foreign Official, or (3) securing any improper advantage, in order to obtain or retain business for, or with, or to direct business to, any Person; or  
 (B)  acted or attempted to act in any manner which would subject any of the Loan Parties to liability under any Anti-Corruption Law.  
 (iii)  To the knowledge of the Loan Parties, as of the Effective Date, there are, and have been, no allegations, investigations or inquiries with regard to a potential violation of any Anti-Corruption Law by any of the Loan Parties or any of their respective current directors, officers, employees, or other persons acting or purporting to act on their behalf.   
 (iv)  The Loan Parties have adopted, implemented and maintain anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws. 
       (dd)   Full Disclosure .  
       (i)  Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Agents all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Agents (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about Borrowers  industry) in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), when taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading.     

(ii)    Projections, have been prepared on a reasonable basis and in good faith based on assumptions, estimates, methods and tests that are believed by the Loan Parties to be reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared and information believed by the Loan Parties to have been accurate based upon the information available to the Loan Parties at the time such Projections were furnished to the Lenders, and Patriot is not be aware of any facts or information that would lead it to believe that such Projections are incorrect or misleading in any material respect; it being understood that (A) Projections are by their nature subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the Loan Parties  control, (B) actual results may differ materially from the Projections and such variations may be material and (C) the Projections are not a guarantee of performance.  
                                           ARTICLE VII                                         COVENANTS OF THE LOAN PARTIES  
                                             Section 7.01   Affirmative Covenants   . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party will, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing: 
       (a)   Reporting Requirements .  Furnish to each Agent and each Lender: 
   (i)  as soon as available, and in any event within 30 days after the end of each fiscal month of Patriot and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal month of Patriot and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, internally prepared consolidated statements of operations as at the end of such fiscal month, in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of Patriot as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the results of operations of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal month and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments; 
   (ii)  as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Patriot and its Subsidiaries commencing with the first fiscal quarter of Patriot and its Subsidiaries ending after the Effective Date, consolidated and consolidating balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of Patriot and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such quarter, and for the period commencing at the end of the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and ending with the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year and (B) the Projections, all in reasonable detail and certified by an Authorized Officer of Patriot as fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position of Patriot and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the results of operations and cash flows of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for such quarter and for such year-to-date period, in accordance with GAAP applied in a manner consistent with that of the most recent audited financial statements of Patriot and its Subsidiaries furnished to the Agents and the Lenders, subject to the absence of footnotes and normal year-end adjustments; 

(iii)    as soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year of Patriot and its Subsidiaries, consolidated and consolidating balance sheets, statements of operations and retained earnings and statements of cash flows of Patriot and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding date or period set forth in (A) the financial statements for the immediately preceding Fiscal Year, and (B) the Projections, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, and accompanied by a report and an opinion, prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, of independent certified public accountants of recognized standing selected by Patriot and satisfactory to the Agents (which opinion shall be without (1) a  going concern  or like qualification or exception, (2) any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, or (3) any qualification which relates to the treatment or classification of any item and which, as a condition to the removal of such qualification, would require an adjustment to such item, the effect of which would be to cause any noncompliance with the provisions of     Section 7.03  ), together with a written statement of such accountants (x) to the effect that, in making the examination necessary for their certification of such financial statements, they have not obtained any knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or a Default under   Section 7.03   and (y) if such accountants shall have obtained any knowledge of the existence of an Event of Default or such Default, describing the nature thereof;  
     (iv)  simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Patriot and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), a certificate of an Authorized Officer of Patriot (a   Compliance Certificate  ): 
 (A)  stating that such Authorized Officer has reviewed the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and has made or caused to be made under his or her supervision a review of the condition and operations of Patriot and its Subsidiaries during the period covered by such financial statements with a view to determining whether Patriot and its Subsidiaries were in compliance with all of the provisions of this Agreement and such Loan Documents at the times such compliance is required hereby and thereby, and that such review has not disclosed, and such Authorized Officer has no knowledge of, the occurrence and continuance during such period of an Event of Default or Default or, if an Event of Default or Default had occurred and continued or is continuing, describing the nature and period of existence thereof and the action which Patriot and its Subsidiaries propose to take or have taken with respect thereto,  
 (B)  in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of Patriot and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), (1) attaching a schedule showing the calculation of the financial covenants specified in Section 7.03 and the calculation of the Leverage Ratio for the applicable period for purposes of determining the Applicable Margin in accordance with the terms of the definition thereof and (2) including a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for the portion of the Fiscal Year then elapsed and discussing the reasons for any significant variations from the Projections for such period and the figures for the corresponding period in the previous Fiscal Year, and  

(C)    in the case of the delivery of the financial statements of Patriot and its Subsidiaries required by clause (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), attaching (1) a summary of all material insurance coverage maintained as of the date thereof by any Loan Party and all material insurance coverage planned to be maintained by any Loan Party, together with such other related documents and information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require, (2) the calculation of the Excess Cash Flow in accordance with the terms of Section 2.05(c)(i) and (3) confirmation that there have been no changes to the information contained in each of the Perfection Certificates delivered on the Effective Date or the date of the most recently updated Perfection Certificate delivered pursuant to this clause (iv) and/or attaching an updated Perfection Certificate identifying any such changes to the information contained  therein;  
     (v)  simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Patriot and its Subsidiaries required by clause (ii) of this Section 7.01(a)  , reports in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Agents and certified by an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower as being accurate and complete in all material respects (A) listing all Accounts of the Loan Parties as of such day, which shall include the amount and age of each such Account, showing separately those which are more than 30, 60, 90 and 120 days old and a description of all Liens, set-offs, defenses and counterclaims with respect thereto, together with a reconciliation of such schedule with the schedule delivered to the Agents pursuant to this clause (v)(A) for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, and such other information as any Agent may request and (B) listing all accounts payable of the Loan Parties as of each such day which shall include the amount and age of each such account payable, and such other information as any Agent may reasonably request; 
 (vi)  [Intentionally Omitted];   
     (vii)  as soon as available and in any event not later than 30 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a certificate of an Authorized Officer of Patriot (A) attaching Projections for Patriot and its Subsidiaries, supplementing and superseding the Projections previously required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement, prepared on a quarterly basis and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Agents, for the immediately succeeding Fiscal Year for Patriot and its Subsidiaries and (B) certifying that the representations and warranties set forth in Section 6.01(dd)(ii) are true and correct with respect to the Projections; 
 (viii)  promptly after submission to any Governmental Authority, all documents and information furnished to such Governmental Authority in connection with any investigation of any Loan Party other than routine inquiries by such Governmental Authority; 
 (ix)  as soon as possible, and in any event within 3 Business Days after a Loan Party receives knowledge of the occurrence of an Event of Default or Default or the occurrence of any event or development that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the written statement of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower setting forth the details of such Event of Default or Default or other event or development having a Material Adverse Effect and the action which the affected Loan Party proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(x)    (A) as soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof knows or has reason to know that (1) any Reportable Event with respect to any Employee Plan has occurred, (2) any other Termination Event with respect to any Employee Plan has occurred, or (3) an accumulated funding deficiency has been incurred or an application has been made to the Secretary of the Treasury for a waiver or modification of the minimum funding standard (including installment payments) or an extension of any amortization period under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code with respect to an Employee Plan, a statement of an Authorized Officer of the Administrative Borrower setting forth the details of such occurrence and the action, if any, which such Loan Party or such ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto, (B) promptly and in any event within 3 days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from the PBGC, copies of each notice received by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof of the PBGC s intention to terminate any Plan or to have a trustee appointed to administer any Plan, (C) promptly and in any event within 10 days after the filing thereof with the Internal Revenue Service if requested by any Agent, copies of each Schedule B (Actuarial Information) to the annual report (Form 5500 Series) with respect to each Employee Plan and Multiemployer Plan, (D) promptly and in any event within 10 days after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof knows or has reason to know that a required installment within the meaning of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code has not been made when due with respect to an Employee Plan, (E) promptly and in any event within 3 days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof from a sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan or from the PBGC, a copy of each notice received by any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof concerning the imposition or amount of withdrawal liability under Section 4202 of ERISA or indicating that such Multiemployer Plan may enter reorganization status under Section 4241 of ERISA, and (F) promptly and in any event within 10 days after any Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate thereof sends notice of a plant closing or mass layoff (as defined in WARN) to employees, copies of each such notice sent by such Loan Party or such ERISA Affiliate thereof;  
 (xi)  promptly after the commencement thereof but in any event not later than 5 Business Days after service of process with respect thereto on, or the obtaining of knowledge thereof by, any Loan Party, notice of each action, suit or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority or other regulatory body or any arbitrator which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (xii)  as soon as possible and in any event within 5 Business Days after execution, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with any Material Contract; 
 (xiii)  as soon as possible and in any event within 5 Business Days after execution, receipt or delivery thereof, copies of any material notices that any Loan Party executes or receives in connection with the sale or other Disposition of the Equity Interests of, or all or substantially all of the assets of, any Loan Party; 
 (xiv)  as soon as possible and in any event within 5 Business Days after the delivery thereof to Patriot s or the Borrower s Board of Directors, copies of all reports or other information so delivered, except to the extent that the delivery of such information could jeopardize a Loan Party s attorney-client privilege with respect to such information; 

(xv)    promptly after (A) the sending or filing thereof, copies of all statements, reports and other information any Loan Party sends to any holders of its Indebtedness or its securities or files with the SEC or any national (domestic or foreign) securities exchange  , including, without limitation, Form 10-Q quarterly reports, Form 10-K annual reports, and Form 8-K current reports;   provided  , that such filings shall be deemed delivered to the Agents on the earlier of the date such statements or reports are available at (i)   www.sec.gov   and (ii) the Borrower s website at   www.patnat.com   and notice of such availability is sent to the Agents  ;     and (B) the receipt thereof, a copy of any material notice received from any holder of its Indebtedness having an aggregate amount outstanding in excess of $3,000,000;  
 (xvi)  promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all financial reports (including, without limitation, management letters), if any, submitted to any Loan Party by its auditors in connection with any annual or interim audit of the books thereof;  
 (xvii)  promptly upon request, any certification or other evidence requested from time to time by any Lender in its sole discretion, confirming the Borrowers  compliance with Section 7.02(r);  
 (xviii)  simultaneously with the delivery of the financial statements of Patriot and its Subsidiaries required by clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a), if, as a result of any change in accounting principles and policies from those used in the preparation of the Financial Statements that is permitted by Section 7.02(q), the consolidated financial statements of Patriot and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this Section 7.01(a) will differ from the consolidated financial statements that would have been delivered pursuant to such subdivisions had no such change in accounting principles and policies been made, then, together with the first delivery of such financial statements after such change, one or more statements of reconciliation for all such prior financial statements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agents; and 
 (xix)  promptly upon request, such other information concerning the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of any Loan Party as any Agent may from time to time may reasonably request. 
       (b)   Additional Borrowers, Guarantors and Collateral Security . Cause: 
     (i)  each Subsidiary of any Loan Party not in existence on the Effective Date to execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent promptly and in any event within 10 Business Days after the formation, acquisition or change in status thereof, (A) a Joinder Agreement, pursuant to which such Subsidiary shall be made a party to this Agreement as a Borrower or a Guarantor, (B) a supplement to the Security Agreement, together with (1) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of any Person owned by such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement, (2) undated stock powers for such Equity Interests executed in blank with signature guaranteed, and (3) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, (C) to the extent required under the terms of this Agreement, one or more Mortgages creating on the real property of such Subsidiary a perfected, first priority Lien (in terms of priority, subject only to Permitted Specified Liens) on such real property and such other Real Property Deliverables as may be required by the  

Collateral Agent with respect to each such real property, and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent in order to create, perfect, establish the first priority of or otherwise protect any Lien purported to be covered by any such Security Agreement or Mortgage or otherwise to effect the intent that such Subsidiary shall become bound by all of the terms, covenants and agreements contained in the Loan Documents and that all property and assets of such Subsidiary shall become Collateral for the Obligations; and  
 (ii)  each owner of the Equity Interests of any such Subsidiary to execute and deliver promptly and in any event within 3 days after the formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary a Pledge Amendment (as defined in the Security Agreement), together with (A) certificates evidencing all of the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary required to be pledged under the terms of the Security Agreement, (B) undated stock powers or other appropriate instruments of assignment for such Equity Interests executed in blank with signature guaranteed, (C) such opinions of counsel as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request and (D) such other agreements, instruments, approvals or other documents requested by the Collateral Agent. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Foreign Subsidiary shall be required to become a Guarantor hereunder (and, as such, shall not be required to deliver the documents required by clause (i) above;  provided ,  however , that if the Equity Interests of a Foreign Subsidiary are owned by a Loan Party, such Loan Party shall deliver all such documents, instruments, agreements (including, without limitation, at the reasonable request of the Collateral Agent, a pledge agreement governed by the laws of the jurisdiction of the organization of such Foreign Subsidiary) and certificates described in clause (ii) above to the Collateral Agent, and take all commercially reasonable actions reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent or otherwise necessary to grant and to perfect a first-priority Lien (subject to Permitted Specified Liens) in favor of the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, in 65% of the voting Equity Interests of such Foreign Subsidiary and 100% of all other Equity Interests of such Foreign Subsidiary owned by such Loan Party. 
         (c)   Compliance with Laws; Payment of Taxes.  
 (i)  Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply with all Requirements of Law (including, without limitation, all Environmental Laws), judgments and awards (including any settlement of any claim that, if breached, could give rise to any of the foregoing), except to the extent the failure to so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
   (ii)  Pay, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to pay, in full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period, all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges imposed upon any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount for all such taxes, assessments and other governmental charges exceeding $250,000, except to the extent contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of, or obligation to pay, any penalty, fine or Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP. 

(d)    Preservation of Existence, Etc.    Except as otherwise permitted under Section 7.02(c), maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, its existence, rights and privileges, and become or remain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to become or remain, duly qualified and in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of the properties owned or leased by it or in which the transaction of its business makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  
     (e)   Keeping of Records and Books of Account .  Keep, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to keep, adequate records and books of account, with complete entries made to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
       (f)   Inspection Rights .  Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 2.06(f), permit, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, the agents and representatives of any Agent at any time and from time to time during normal business hours, at the expense of the Borrowers, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from its records and books of account, to visit and inspect its properties, to verify materials, leases, notes, accounts receivable, deposit accounts and its other assets and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with any of its directors, officers, managerial employees, independent accountants or any of its other representatives.  In furtherance of the foregoing, each Loan Party hereby authorizes its independent accountants, and the independent accountants of each of its Subsidiaries, to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of such Person (independently or together with representatives of such Person) with the agents and representatives of any Agent in accordance with this Section 7.01(f). 
     (g)   Maintenance of Properties, Etc.   Maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and preserve, all of its properties which are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted, and comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, at all times with the provisions of all leases to which it is a party as lessee or under which it occupies property, so as to prevent any loss or forfeiture thereof or thereunder, except to the extent the failure to so maintain and preserve or so comply could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
         (h)   Maintenance of Insurance .  Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, insurance with responsible and reputable insurance companies or associations (including, without limitation, comprehensive general liability, hazard, rent, worker s compensation and business interruption insurance) with respect to its properties (including all real properties leased or owned by it) and business, in such amounts and covering such risks as is required by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction with respect thereto or as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated and in any event in amount, adequacy and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent.  All policies covering the Collateral are to be made payable to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, as its interests may appear, in case of loss, under a standard non contributory  lender  or  secured party  clause and are to contain such other provisions as the Collateral Agent may require to fully protect the Lenders  interest in the Collateral and to any payments to be made under such policies.  All certificates of insurance are to be delivered to the Collateral Agent and the policies are to be premium prepaid, with the loss  

payable and additional insured endorsement in favor of the Collateral Agent and such other Persons as the Collateral Agent may designate from time to time, and shall provide for not less than 30 days  (10 days  in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to the Collateral Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation.  If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries fails to maintain such insurance, the Collateral Agent may arrange for such insurance, but at the Borrowers  expense and without any responsibility on the Collateral Agent s part for obtaining the insurance, the solvency of the insurance companies, the adequacy of the coverage, or the collection of claims.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Collateral Agent shall have the sole right, in the name of the Lenders, any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, to file claims under any insurance policies, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies.  
     (i)   Obtaining of Permits, Etc.   Obtain, maintain and preserve, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to obtain, maintain and preserve, and take all necessary action to timely renew, all permits, licenses, authorizations, approvals, entitlements and accreditations that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business, in each case, except to the extent the failure to obtain, maintain, preserve or take such action could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
       (j)   Environmental .  (i) Comply, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to comply, with all Environmental Laws and provide to the Collateral Agent any documentation of such compliance which the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, except where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (ii) provide the Agents written notice within 5 Business Days of any Release of a Hazardous Material in excess of any reportable quantity from or onto property at any time owned or operated by it or any of its Subsidiaries and take any Remedial Actions required to abate said Release; and (iii) provide the Agents with written notice within 10 days of the receipt of any of the following:  (A) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries; (B) commencement of any Environmental Action or notice that an Environmental Action will be filed against any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries; and (C) notice of a violation, citation or other administrative order which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
       (k)   Fiscal Year .  Cause the Fiscal Year of Patriot and its Subsidiaries to end on December 31 st  of each calendar year unless the Agents consent to a change in such Fiscal Year (and appropriate related changes to this Agreement). 
       (l)   Landlord Waivers; Collateral Access Agreements .  At any time any Collateral with a book value in excess of $500,000 (when aggregated with all other Collateral at the same location) is located on any real property of a Loan Party (whether such real property is now existing or acquired after the Effective Date) which is not owned by a Loan Party, or is stored on the premises of a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party, use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain written subordinations or waivers or collateral access agreements, as the case may be, in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral Agent. 

(m)    After Acquired Real Property  .  Upon the acquisition by it or any of its Subsidiaries after the date hereof of any fee simple interest in any real property (wherever located) (each such interest being a    New Facility   ) with a Current Value (as defined below) in excess of $500,000 immediately so notify the Collateral Agent, setting forth with specificity a description of the interest acquired, the location of the real property, any structures or improvements thereon and either an appraisal or such Loan Party s good-faith estimate of the current value of such real property (for purposes of this Section, the    Current Value   ).  The Collateral Agent shall notify such Loan Party whether it intends to require a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables) with respect to such New Facility.  Upon receipt of such notice requesting a Mortgage (and any other Real Property Deliverables), the Person that has acquired such New Facility shall promptly furnish the same to the Collateral Agent.  The Borrowers shall pay all fees and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses, and all title insurance charges and premiums, in connection with each Loan Party s obligations under this Section 7.01(m).  
 (n)   Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Laws .  Maintain, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain, anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the Anti-Corruption Laws. 
       (o)   Lender Meetings .  Upon the request of any Agent or the Required Lenders (which request, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, shall not be made more than once during each Fiscal Year), participate in a meeting with the Agents and the Lenders at the Borrowers  corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Administrative Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders) at such time as may be agreed to by the Administrative Borrower and such Agent or the Required Lenders. 
     (p)   Further Assurances .  Take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver, at its sole cost and expense, such agreements, instruments or other documents as any Agent may require from time to time in order (i) to carry out more effectively the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) to subject to valid and perfected first priority Liens any of the Collateral or any other property of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, (iii) to establish and maintain the validity and effectiveness of any of the Loan Documents and the validity, perfection and priority of the Liens intended to be created thereby, and (iv) to better assure, convey, grant, assign, transfer and confirm unto each Secured Party the rights now or hereafter intended to be granted to it under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.  In furtherance of the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Party (i) authorizes each Agent to execute any such agreements, instruments or other documents in such Loan Party s name and to file such agreements, instruments or other documents in any appropriate filing office, (ii) authorizes each Agent to file any financing statement required hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, in any appropriate filing office without the signature of such Loan Party, and (iii) ratifies the filing of any financing statement, and any continuation statement or amendment with respect thereto, filed without the signature of such Loan Party prior to the date hereof. 

Section 7.02    Negative Covenants    . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Conting  ent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing:  
       (a)   Liens, Etc.   Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired; file or suffer to exist under the Uniform Commercial Code or any Requirement of Law of any jurisdiction, a financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) that names it or any of its Subsidiaries as debtor; sign or suffer to exist any security agreement authorizing any secured party thereunder to file such financing statement (or the equivalent thereof) other than, as to all of the above, Permitted Liens. 
       (b)   Indebtedness .  Create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist, or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to, any Indebtedness other than Permitted Indebtedness. 
       (c)   Fundamental Changes; Dispositions .   
   (i)  Wind-up, liquidate or dissolve, or merge, consolidate or amalgamate with any Person, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do (or agree to do) any of the foregoing;  provided ,  however   , that (A) any wholly-owned Subsidiary of any Loan Party (other than a Borrower) may be merged into such Loan Party or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, or may consolidate or amalgamate with another wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Loan Party, so long as (i) no other provision of this Agreement would be violated thereby, (ii) such Loan Party gives the Agents at least 30 days  prior written notice of such merger, consolidation or amalgamation accompanied by true, correct and complete copies of all material agreements, documents and instruments relating to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation, including, without limitation, the certificate or certificates of merger or amalgamation to be filed with each appropriate Secretary of State (with a copy as filed promptly after such filing), (iii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing either before or after giving effect to such transaction, (iv) the Lenders  rights in any Collateral, including, without limitation, the existence, perfection and priority of any Lien thereon, are not adversely affected by such merger, consolidation or amalgamation and (v) the surviving Subsidiary, if any, if not already a Loan Party, is joined as a Loan Party hereunder pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and is a party to a Security Agreement and the Equity Interests of such Subsidiary is the subject of a Security Agreement, in each case, which is in full force and effect on the date of and immediately after giving effect to such merger, consolidation or amalgamation and (B) any   of   Patriot s   Sub s idiaries   t h at   are   not   Loan   Parties  m ay   wind-up,   liquidate,   or   dissolve   if   (i)   the   governing   body   of   such Subsidiary   shall   deter m ine that the pre s ervation thereof is no longer desirab l e in the conduct of the business of Patriot and its   Subsi d ia ri es   and   (ii) the   v a lue   of such   Subsidiary   is   i mm aterial   to Patriot, its  S ubsidiaries, and the Lenders; and 

(ii)    Make any Disposition, whether in one transaction or a series of related transactions, of all or any part of its business, property or assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired (or agree to do any of the foregoing), or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing;   provided  ,   however  , that   any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries may make Permitted Dispositions.  
     (d)   Change in Nature of Business . 
 (i)  Make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make, any change in the nature of its business as described in Section 6.01(l). 
 (ii)  Except as identified in the Financial Statements or as disclosed in in publicly available filings with the SEC, permit Patriot to have any material liabilities (other than liabilities arising under the Loan Documents), own any material assets (other than the Equity Interests of its Subsidiaries) or engage in any operations or business (other than the ownership of its Subsidiaries). 
       (e)   Loans, Advances, Investments, Etc.   Make or commit or agree to make, or permit any of its Subsidiaries make or commit or agree to make, any Investment in any other Person except for Permitted Investments. 
     (f)   Sale and Leaseback Transactions .  Enter into, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, any Sale and Leaseback Transaction. 
         (g)   [Intentionally Omitted] .   
       (h)   Restricted Payments .  Make or permit any of its Subsidiaries to make any Restricted Payment other than Permitted Restricted Payments. 
     (i)   Federal Reserve Regulations .  Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan under this Agreement to be used for any purpose that would cause such Loan to be a margin loan under the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board. 
       (j)   Transactions with Affiliates .  Enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to enter into, renew, extend or be a party to, any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, the purchase, sale, lease, transfer or exchange of property or assets of any kind or the rendering of services of any kind) with any Affiliate (other than a transaction or series of related transactions between a Borrower and another Loan Party, not involving other Affiliates), except (i) transactions consummated in the ordinary course of business in a manner and to an extent consistent with past practice and necessary or desirable for the prudent operation of its business, for fair consideration and on terms no less favorable to it or its Subsidiaries than would be obtainable in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person that is not an Affiliate thereof, and that are fully disclosed to the Agents prior to the consummation thereof, if they involve one or more payments by Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $500,000 for any single transaction or series of related transactions, (ii) transactions with another Loan Party, (iii) transactions permitted by Section 7.02(e) and Section 7.02(h), (iv) sales of Qualified Equity Interests of Patriot to Affiliates of Patriot not otherwise prohibited by the Loan Documents and the granting of registration and  

other customary rights in connection therewith, (v) reasonable and customary director and officer compensation (including bonuses and stock option programs), benefits and indemnification arrangements, in each case approved by the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary  , (vi) the reimbursement of the reasonable out of pocket expenses of each of the directors of Patriot and its Subsidiaries, (vii) transactions with Guarantee Insurance Group so long as the terms and conditions thereof are commercially reasonable, (viii) the WCE Capital Lease and (ix) any change permitted by Section 7.02(c)(i).  
       (k)   Limitations on Dividends and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Subsidiaries .  Create or otherwise cause, incur, assume, suffer or permit to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction of any kind on the ability of any Subsidiary of any Loan Party (i) to pay dividends or to make any other distribution on any shares of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) to pay or prepay or to subordinate any Indebtedness owed to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) to make loans or advances to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (iv) to transfer any of its property or assets to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing;  provided ,    however ,   that nothing in any of clauses (i) through (iv) of this Section 7.02(k) shall prohibit or restrict compliance with: 
 (A)  this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
 (B)  any agreement in effect on the date of this Agreement and described on Schedule 7.02(k), or any extension, replacement or continuation of any such agreement;  provided , that, any such encumbrance or restriction contained in such extended, replaced or continued agreement is no less favorable to the Agents and the Lenders than the encumbrance or restriction under or pursuant to the agreement so extended, replaced or continued; 
 (C)  any applicable law, rule or regulation (including, without limitation, applicable currency control laws and applicable state corporate statutes restricting the payment of dividends in certain circumstances); 
 (D)  in the case of clause (iv), (1) customary restrictions on the subletting, assignment or transfer of any specified property or asset set forth in a lease, license, asset sale agreement or similar contract for the conveyance of such property or asset and (2) instrument or other document evidencing a Permitted Lien (or the Indebtedness secured thereby) from restricting on customary terms the transfer of any property or assets subject thereto; 
 (E)  customary restrictions on dispositions of real property interests in reciprocal easement agreements; 
 (F)  customary restrictions in agreements for the sale of assets on the transfer or encumbrance of such assets during an interim period prior to the closing of the sale of such assets; or 
 (G)  customary restrictions in contracts that prohibit the assignment of such contract. 

(l)    Limitations on Negative Pledges  .  Enter into, incur or permit to exist, or permit any Subsidiary to enter into, incur or permit to exist, directly or indirectly, any agreement, instrument, deed, lease or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon the ability of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or that requires the grant of any security for an obligation if security is granted for another obligation, except the following:  (i) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.02(b) of this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, (iii) any customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale or other disposition of assets or of a Subsidiary pending such sale or other disposition;   provided   that such restrictions and conditions apply only to the assets or Subsidiary to be sold or disposed of and such sale or disposition is permitted hereunder, and (iv) customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment or sublet thereof.  
     (m)   Modifications of Indebtedness, Organizational Documents and Certain Other Agreements; Etc.    
 (i)  Amend, modify or otherwise change (or permit the amendment, modification or other change in any manner of) any of the provisions of any of its or its Subsidiaries  Indebtedness or of any instrument or agreement (including, without limitation, any purchase agreement, indenture, loan agreement or security agreement) relating to any such Indebtedness if such amendment, modification or change would shorten the final maturity or average life to maturity of, or require any payment to be made earlier than the date originally scheduled on, such Indebtedness, would increase the interest rate applicable to such Indebtedness, would add any covenant or event of default, would change the subordination provision, if any, of such Indebtedness, or would otherwise be adverse to the Lenders or the issuer of such Indebtedness in any respect; 
 (ii)  except for the Obligations, (A) make any voluntary or optional payment (including, without limitation, any payment of interest in cash that, at the option of the issuer, may be paid in cash or in kind), prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or other acquisition for value of any of its or its Subsidiaries  Indebtedness (including, without limitation, by way of depositing money or securities with the trustee therefor before the date required for the purpose of paying any portion of such Indebtedness when due), (B) refund, refinance, replace or exchange any other Indebtedness for any such Indebtedness (other than with respect to Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness), (C) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Subordinated Indebtedness in violation of the subordination provisions thereof or any subordination agreement with respect thereto, or (D) make any payment, prepayment, redemption, defeasance, sinking fund payment or repurchase of any Indebtedness as a result of any asset sale, change of control, issuance and sale of debt or equity securities or similar event, or give any notice with respect to any of the foregoing;  

(iii)    amend, modify or otherwise change any of its Governing Documents (including, without limitation, by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation, or any agreement or arrangement entered into by it) with respect to any of its Equity Interests (including any shareholders  agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to any of its Equity Interests, except any such amendments, modifications or changes or any such new agreements or arrangements pursuant to this clause (iii) that either individually or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or  
 (iv)  agree to any amendment, modification or other change to or waiver of any of its rights under any Material Contract if such amendment, modification, change or waiver could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
     (n)   Investment Company Act of 1940 . Engage in any business, enter into any transaction, use any securities or take any other action or permit any of its Subsidiaries to do any of the foregoing, that would cause it or any of its Subsidiaries to become subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, by virtue of being an  investment company  or a company  controlled  by an  investment company  not entitled to an exemption within the meaning of such Act. 
     (o)   ERISA . (i) Engage, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to engage, in any transaction described in Section 4069 of ERISA; (ii) engage, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to engage, in any prohibited transaction described in Section 406 of ERISA or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code for which a statutory, regulatory or class exemption is not available or a private exemption has not previously been obtained from the U.S. Department of Labor; (iii) adopt or permit any ERISA Affiliate to adopt any employee welfare benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA which provides benefits to employees after termination of employment other than as required by Section 601 of ERISA or applicable law; (iv) fail to make any contribution or payment to any Multiemployer Plan which it or any ERISA Affiliate may be required to make under any agreement relating to such Multiemployer Plan, or any law pertaining thereto; or (v) fail, or permit any ERISA Affiliate to fail, to pay any required installment or any other payment required under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code on or before the due date for such installment or other payment. 
     (p)   Environmental .  Permit the use, handling, generation, storage, treatment, Release or disposal of Hazardous Materials at any property owned or leased by it or any of its Subsidiaries, except in compliance with Environmental Laws (other than any noncompliance that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect). 
   (q)   Accounting Methods .  Modify or change, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to modify or change, its method of accounting or accounting principles from those utilized in the preparation of the Financial Statements (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP). 

(r)    Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws  .  
 (i)  None of the Loan Parties, nor any of their Affiliates or agents, shall: 
 (A)  conduct any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with or for the benefit of any Blocked Person, including the making or receiving of any contribution of funds, goods or services to, from or for the benefit of any Blocked Person;  
 (B)  deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to the OFAC Sanctions Programs;  
 (C)  use any of the proceeds of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to finance, promote or otherwise support in any manner any illegal activity, including, without limitation, any violation of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws or any specified unlawful activity as that term is defined in the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, 18 U.S.C.    1956 and 1957; or     
 (D)  violate, attempt to violate, or engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, any of the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Laws. 
 (ii)  None of the Loan Parties, nor any Affiliate of any of the Loan Parties, nor any officer or director of any of the Loan Parties, nor any of the Loan Parties  respective agents acting or benefiting in any capacity in connection with the Loans or other transactions hereunder, shall be or shall become a Blocked Person. 
 (s)   Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Laws.   None of the Loan Parties shall: 
 (i)  offer, promise, pay, give, or authorize the payment or giving of any money, gift or other thing of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the benefit of any Foreign Official for the purpose of: (1) influencing any act or decision of such Foreign Official in his, her, or its official capacity; or (2) inducing such Foreign Official to do, or omit to do, an act in violation of the lawful duty of such Foreign Official, or (3) securing any improper advantage, in order to obtain or retain business for, or with, or to direct business to, any Person; or  
 (ii)  act or attempt to act in any manner which would subject any of the Loan Parties to liability under any Anti-Corruption Law.    

Section 7.03    Financial Covenants    . So long as any principal of or interest on any Loan or any other Obligation (whether or not due) shall remain unpaid (other than Conting  ent Indemnity Obligations) or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, each Loan Party shall not, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in writing:  
     (a)   Leverage Ratio . Permit the Leverage Ratio of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for any period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal quarter ends on a date set forth below to be greater than the ratio set forth opposite such date: 

(b)    Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  .  Permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for any period of 4 consecutive fiscal quarters of Patriot and its Subsidiaries for which the last fiscal quarter ends on a date set forth below to be less than the ratio set forth opposite such date:  

ARTICLE VIII                                         CASH MANAGEMENT ARRANGEMENTS AND OTHER COLLATERAL MATTERS  
                                                 Section 8.01   Cash Management Arrangements .  (a)  The Loan Parties shall (i) establish and maintain cash management services of a type and on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Agents at one or more of the banks set forth on Schedule 8.01 (each a   Cash Management Bank    ) and (ii) except as otherwise provided under Section 8.01(b), deposit or cause to be deposited promptly, and in any event no later than the next Business Day after the date of receipt thereof, all proceeds in respect of any Collateral, all Collections (of a nature susceptible to a deposit in a bank account) and all other amounts received by any Loan Party (including payments made by Account Debtors directly to any Loan Party) into a Cash Management Account. 
       (a)  Within 45 days after the Effective Date, the Loan Parties shall, with respect to each Cash Management Account (other than Excluded Accounts), deliver to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement with respect to such Cash Management Account.  The Loan Parties shall not maintain, and shall not permit any of their Subsidiaries to maintain, cash, Cash Equivalents or other amounts in any deposit account or securities account, unless the Collateral Agent shall have received a Control Agreement in respect of each such Cash Management Account (other than Excluded Accounts). 

(b)    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in a Control Agreement with respect to a Cash Management Account, all amounts received in such Cash Management Account shall at the Administrative Agent s direction be wired each Business Day into the Administrative Agent s Account, except that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent will not direct the Cash Management Bank to transfer funds in such Cash Management Account to the Administrative Agent s Account.  
     (c)  So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers may amend Schedule 8.01 to add or replace a Cash Management Bank or Cash Management Account;  provided ,  however , that (i) such prospective Cash Management Bank shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Agent shall have consented in writing in advance to the opening of such Cash Management Account with the prospective Cash Management Bank, and (ii) prior to the time of the opening of such Cash Management Account, each Loan Party and such prospective Cash Management Bank shall have executed and delivered to the Collateral Agent a Control Agreement.  Each Loan Party shall close any of its Cash Management Accounts (and establish replacement cash management accounts in accordance with the foregoing sentence) promptly and in any event within 30 days of notice from the Collateral Agent that the creditworthiness of any Cash Management Bank is no longer acceptable in the Collateral Agent s reasonable judgment, or that the operating performance, funds transfer, or availability procedures or performance of such Cash Management Bank with respect to Cash Management Accounts or the Collateral Agent s liability under any Control Agreement with such Cash Management Bank is no longer acceptable in the Collateral Agent s reasonable judgment. 
                                         ARTICLE IX                                       EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
                                                         Section 9.01   Events of Default .   Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each, an   Event of Default  ): 
       (a)  any Borrower shall fail to pay, when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), (i) any interest on any Loan, any Collateral Agent Advance or any fee, indemnity or other amount payable under this Agreement (other than any portion thereof constituting principal of the Loans) or any other Loan Document, and such failure continues for a period of 3 Business Days or (ii) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans;  
       (b)  any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or by any officer of the foregoing under or in connection with any Loan Document or under or in connection with any certificate or other writing delivered to any Secured Party pursuant to any Loan Document shall have been incorrect in any material respect (or in any respect if such representation or warranty is qualified or modified as to materiality or  Material Adverse Effect  in the text thereof) when made or deemed made;  

(c)    any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement contained in Section 7.01(a), Section 7.01(c), Section 7.01(d), Section 7.01(f), Section 7.01(h), Section 7.01(k), Section 7.01(m), Section 7.01(o), Section 7.02 or Section 7.03 or Article VIII;  
     (d)  any Loan Party shall fail to perform or comply with any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document to be performed or observed by it and, except as set forth in subsections (a), (b) and (c) of this Section 9.01, such failure, if capable of being remedied, shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the earlier of the date a senior officer of any Loan Party has knowledge of such failure and the date written notice of such default shall have been given by any Agent to such Loan Party; 
     (e)  any Loan Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries shall fail to pay when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) any principal, interest or other amount payable in respect of Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement) having an aggregate amount outstanding in excess of $3,000,000, and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Indebtedness, or any other default under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event, shall occur and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument, if the effect of such default or event is to accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such Indebtedness; or any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due and payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment), redeemed, purchased or defeased or an offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case, prior to the stated maturity thereof; 
       (f)  Patriot or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (i) shall institute any proceeding or voluntary case seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, (ii) shall be generally not paying its debts as such debts become due or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, (iii) shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iv) shall take any action to authorize or effect any of the actions set forth above in this subsection (f); 
       (g)  any proceeding shall be instituted against Patriot or any of its Significant Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking dissolution, liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for any such Person or for any substantial part of its property, and either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of 60 days or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against any such Person or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; 

(h)    as a result of an action or omission of any Loan Party or its Subsidiary, any material provision of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than pursuant to the express terms thereof) cease to be valid and binding on or enforceable against any Loan Party intended to be a party thereto, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested by any party thereto, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Loan Party or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any of them, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Loan Party shall deny in writing that it has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document;  
     (i)  any Security Agreement, any Mortgage or any other security document, after delivery thereof pursuant hereto, shall for any reason fail or cease to create a valid and perfected and, except to the extent permitted by the terms hereof or thereof, first priority Lien in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders on any Collateral purported to be covered thereby;  
       (j)  one or more judgments, orders or awards (or any settlement of any litigation or other proceeding that, if breached, could result in a judgment, order or award) for the payment of money exceeding $1,000,000 in the aggregate (except to the extent fully covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has been notified and has not denied coverage) shall be rendered against Patriot or any of its Significant Subsidiaries and remain unsatisfied and (i) enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon any such judgment, order, award or settlement or (ii) there shall be a period of 10 consecutive days after entry thereof during which (A) a stay of enforcement thereof is not be in effect or (B) the same is not vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal;      
     (k)  Patriot or any of its Significant Subsidiaries is enjoined, restrained or in any way prevented by the order of any court or any Governmental Authority from conducting, or otherwise ceases to conduct for any reason whatsoever, all or any material part of its business for more than 15 days; 
     (l)  any material damage to, or loss, theft or destruction of, any Collateral, whether or not insured, or any strike, lockout, labor dispute, embargo, condemnation, act of God or public enemy, or other casualty which causes, for more than 30 consecutive days, the cessation or substantial curtailment of revenue producing activities at any facility of any Loan Party, if any such event or circumstance could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
     (m)  the loss, suspension or revocation of, or failure to renew, any license or permit now held or hereafter acquired by Patriot or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, if such loss, suspension, revocation or failure to renew could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(n)    the indictment of Patriot or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or any senior officer thereof under any criminal statute, or commencement of criminal or civil proceedings against Patriot or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or any senior officer thereof, pursuant to which statute or proceedings the penalties or remedies sought or available include forfeiture to any Governmental Authority of any material portion of the property of such Person (for purposes of this Section 9.01(n),  senior officer  shall mean any officer of Patriot deemed to be an  officer  pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act);  
     (o)  any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates shall have made a complete or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan, and, as a result of such complete or partial withdrawal, any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates incurs a withdrawal liability in an annual amount exceeding $2,500,000; or a Multiemployer Plan enters reorganization status under Section 4241 of ERISA, and, as a result thereof any Loan Party s or any of its ERISA Affiliates  annual contribution requirements with respect to such Multiemployer Plan increases in an annual amount exceeding $2,500,000; 
     (p)  any Termination Event with respect to any Employee Plan shall have occurred, and, 30 days after notice thereof shall have been given to any Loan Party by any Agent, (i) such Termination Event (if correctable) shall not have been corrected, and (ii) the then current value of such Employee Plan s vested benefits exceeds the then current value of assets allocable to such benefits in such Employee Plan by more than $2,500,000 (or, in the case of a Termination Event involving liability under Section 409, 502(i), 502(l), 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 4069, 4201, 4204 or 4212 of ERISA or Section 4971 or 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, the liability is in excess of such amount); or 
     (q)  a Change of Control shall have occurred;  
           then, and in any such event, the Collateral Agent may, and shall at the request of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Administrative Borrower, (i) terminate or reduce all Commitments, whereupon all Commitments shall immediately be so terminated or reduced, (ii) declare all or any portion of the Loans then outstanding to be accelerated and due and payable, whereupon all or such portion of the aggregate principal of all Loans, all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts payable under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall become due and payable immediately, together with the payment of the Applicable Premium with respect to the Commitments so terminated and the Loans so repaid, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Loan Party and (iii) exercise any and all of its other rights and remedies under applicable law, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents;  provided ,  however           , that upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in subsection (f) or (g) of this Section 9.01 with respect to any Loan Party, without any notice to any Loan Party or any other Person or any act by any Agent or any Lender, all Commitments shall automatically terminate and all Loans then outstanding, together with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, all fees and all other amounts due under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the Applicable Premium, shall be accelerated and become due and payable automatically and immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by each Loan Party.  

ARTICLE X                                              AG  ENT  S  
                                         Section 10.01   Appointment   . Each Lender (and each subsequent maker of any Loan by its making thereof) hereby irrevocably appoints, authorizes and empowers the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to perform the duties of each such Agent as set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, including:  (i) to receive on behalf of each Lender any payment of principal of or interest on the Loans outstanding hereunder and all other amounts accrued hereunder for the account of the Lenders and paid to such Agent, and, subject to Section 2.02 of this Agreement, to distribute promptly to each Lender its Pro Rata Share of all payments so received; (ii) to distribute to each Lender copies of all material notices and agreements received by such Agent and not required to be delivered to each Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, provided that the Agents shall not have any liability to the Lenders for any Agent s inadvertent failure to distribute any such notices or agreements to the Lenders; (iii) to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Loans, and related matters and to maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Collateral and related matters; (iv) to execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (v) to make the Loans and Collateral Agent Advances, for such Agent or on behalf of the applicable Lenders as provided in this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (vi) to perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of the Lenders with respect to the Loan Parties, the Obligations, or otherwise related to any of same to the extent reasonably incidental to the exercise by such Agent of the rights and remedies specifically authorized to be exercised by such Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (vii)  to incur and pay such fees necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (viii) subject to Section 10.03, to take such action as such Agent deems appropriate on its behalf to administer the Loans and the Loan Documents and to exercise such other powers delegated to such Agent by the terms hereof or the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the power to give or to refuse to give notices, waivers, consents, approvals and instructions and the power to make or to refuse to make determinations and calculations); and (ix) to act with respect to all Collateral under the Loan Documents, including for purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the Obligations.  As to any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, enforcement or collection of the Loans), the Agents shall not be required to exercise any discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), and such instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) shall be binding upon all Lenders and all makers of Loans;  provided ,  however , the Agents shall not be required to take any action which, in the reasonable opinion of any Agent, exposes such Agent to liability or which is contrary to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or applicable law. 

Section 10.02    Nature of Duties; Delegation  . (a) The Agents shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents.  The duties of the Agents shall be mechanical and   administrative     in nature.  The Agents shall not have by reason of this Agreement or any other Loan Document a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender.  Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, express or implied, is intended to or shall be construed to impose upon the Agents any obligations in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document except as expressly set forth herein or therein.  Each Lender shall make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Loan Parties in connection with the making and the continuance of the Loans hereunder and shall make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and the value of the Collateral, and the Agents shall have no duty or responsibility, either initially or on a   continuing basis, to provide any Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into their possession before the initial Loan hereunder or at any time or times thereafter, provided that, upon the reasonable request of a Lender, each Agent shall provide to such Lender any documents or reports delivered to such Agent by the Loan Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.  If any Agent seeks the consent or approval of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) to the taking or refraining from taking any action hereunder, such Agent shall send notice thereof to each Lender.  Each Agent shall promptly notify each Lender any time that the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents) have instructed such Agent to act or refrain from acting pursuant hereto.  
     (a)  Each Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any trustee, co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Lender).  Any such Person shall benefit from this Article X to the extent provided by the applicable Agent. 
                                             Section 10.03   Rights, Exculpation, Etc.  The Agents and their directors, officers, agents or employees shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by them under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agents (i) may treat the payee of any Loan as the owner thereof until the Collateral Agent receives written notice of the assignment or transfer thereof, pursuant to Section 12.07 hereof, signed by such payee and in form satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; (ii) may consult with legal counsel (including, without limitation, counsel to any Agent or counsel to the Loan Parties), independent public accountants, and other experts selected by any of them and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith by any of them in accordance with the advice of such counsel or experts; (iii) make no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, certificates, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents; (iv) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents on the part of any Person, the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default, or to inspect the Collateral or  

other property (including, without limitation, the books and records) of any Person; (v) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement   or the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; and (vi) shall not be deemed to have made any representation or warranty regarding the existence, value or collectibility of the Collateral, the existence, priority or perfection of the Collateral Agent s Lien thereon, or any certificate prepared by any Loan Party in connection therewith, nor shall the Agents be responsible or liable to the Lenders for any failure to monitor or maintain any portion of the Collateral.  The Agents shall not be liable for any apportionment or distribution of payments made in good faith pursuant to Section 4.03, and if any such apportionment or distribution is subsequently determined to have been made in error, and the sole recourse of any Lender to whom payment was due but not made shall be to recover from other Lenders any payment in excess of the amount which they are determined to be entitled.  The Agents may at any time request instructions from the Lenders with respect to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement or of any of the other Loan Documents the Agents are permitted or required to take or to grant, and if such instructions are promptly requested, the Agents shall be absolutely entitled to refrain from taking any action or to withhold any approval under any of the Loan Documents until they shall have received such instructions from the Required Lenders.  Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against any Agent as a result of such Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents).  
                                         Section 10.04   Reliance   . Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon any written notices, statements, certificates, orders or other documents or any telephone message believed by it in good faith to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person, and with respect to all matters pertaining to this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder or thereunder, upon advice of counsel selected by it. 
                                               Section 10.05   Indemnification   . To the extent that any Agent is not reimbursed and indemnified by any Loan Party, and whether or not such Agent has made demand on any Loan Party for the same, the Lenders will, within five days of written demand by such Agent, reimburse such Agent for and indemnify such Agent from and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including, without limitation, client charges and expenses of counsel or any other advisor to such Agent), advances or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by such Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, in proportion to each Lender s Pro Rata Share, including, without limitation, advances and disbursements made pursuant to Section 10.08;  provided ,  however , that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses, advances or disbursements for which there has been a final non-appealable judicial determination that such liability resulted from such Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct.  The obligations of the Lenders under this Section 10.05 shall survive the payment in full of the Loans and the termination of this Agreement.   

Section 10.06    Agents Individually    . With respect to its Pro Rata Share of the Total Commitment hereunder and the Loans made by it, each Agent shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and is subject to the same obligations and liabilities as and to the extent set forth herein for any other Lender or maker of a Loan.  The terms  Lenders  or  Required Lenders  or any similar terms s  hall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include each Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender or one of the Required Lenders.  Each Agent and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other business with any Borrower as if it were not acting as an Agent pursuant hereto without any duty to account to the other Lenders.  
                                         Section 10.07   Successor Agent   . (a)  Any Agent may at any time give at least 30 days prior written notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Administrative Borrower.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent.  If no such successor Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the   Resignation Effective Date  ), then the retiring Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent.  Whether or not a successor Agent has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. 
     (a)  With effect from the Resignation Effective Date, (i) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any Collateral held by such Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Agent is appointed) and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through such retiring Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time, if any, as a successor Agent shall have been appointed as provided for above.  Upon the acceptance of a successor s Agent s appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents.  After the retiring Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article, Section 12.04 and Section 12.15 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent. 
                                               Section 10.08     Collateral Matters . 
         (a)  The Collateral Agent may from time to time make such disbursements and advances (  Collateral Agent Advances  ) which the Collateral Agent, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable to preserve, protect, prepare for sale or lease or dispose of the Collateral or any portion thereof, to enhance the likelihood or maximize the amount of repayment by the Borrowers of the Loans and other Obligations or to pay any other amount chargeable to the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, costs, fees and expenses as described in Section 12.04.  The Collateral Agent Advances shall be repayable on demand and be secured by the Collateral and shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the  

rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Reference Rate Loans.  The Collateral Agent Advances shall constitute Obligations hereunder which may be charged to the Loan Account in accordance with Section 4.01.  The Collateral Agent shall notify each Lender and the Administrative Borrower in writing of each such Collateral Agent Advance, which notice shall include a description of the purpose of such Collateral Agent Advance.  Without limitation to its obligations pursuant to Section 10.05, each Lender agrees that it shall make available to the Collateral Agent, upon the Collateral Agent s demand, in Dollars in immediately available funds, the amount equal to such Lender s Pro Rata Share of each such Collateral Agent Advance.  If such funds are not made available to the Collateral Agent by such Lender, the Collateral Agent shall be entitled to recover such funds on demand from such Lender, together with interest thereon for each day from the date such payment was due until the date such amount is paid to the Collateral Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate for three Business Days and thereafter at the Reference Rate.  
       (b)  The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Lien granted to or held by the Collateral Agent upon any Collateral upon termination of the Total Commitment and payment and satisfaction of all Loans and all other Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnification Obligations) in accordance with the terms hereof; or constituting property being sold or disposed of in the ordinary course of any Loan Party s business or otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; or constituting property in which the Loan Parties owned no interest at the time the Lien was granted or at any time thereafter; or if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Lenders in accordance with Section 12.02.  Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 10.08(b). 
     (c)  Without in any manner limiting the Collateral Agent s authority to act without any specific or further authorization or consent by the Lenders (as set forth in Section 10.08(b)), each Lender agrees to confirm in writing, upon request by the Collateral Agent, the authority to release Collateral conferred upon the Collateral Agent under Section 10.08(b).  Upon receipt by the Collateral Agent of confirmation from the Lenders of its authority to release any particular item or types of Collateral, and upon prior written request by any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent shall (and is hereby irrevocably authorized by the Lenders to) execute such documents as may be necessary to evidence the release of the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders upon such Collateral;  provided ,  however , that (i) the Collateral Agent shall not be required to execute any such document on terms which, in the Collateral Agent s opinion, would expose the Collateral Agent to liability or create any obligations or entail any consequence other than the release of such Liens without recourse or warranty, and (ii) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect or impair the Obligations or any Lien upon (or obligations of any Loan Party in respect of) all interests in the Collateral retained by any Loan Party. 
       (d)  Anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Loan Parties, each Agent and each Lender hereby agree that (i) no Lender shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral under any Loan Document or to enforce any Guaranty, it being understood and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies under the Loan Documents may be exercised solely by the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the  

Lenders in accordance with the terms thereof, (ii) in the event of a foreclosure by the Collateral Agent on any of the Collateral pursuant to a public or private sale, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender may be the purchaser of any or all of such Collateral at any such sale and (iii) the Collateral Agent, as agent for and representative of the Agents and the Lenders (but not any other Agent or any Lender or Lenders in its or their respective individual capacities unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree in writing) shall be entitled (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all or any portion of the Collateral to be sold (A) at any public or private sale, (B) at any sale conducted by the Collateral Agent under the provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the Uniform Commercial Code), (C) at any sale or foreclosure conducted by the Collateral Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with applicable law or (D) any sale conducted pursuant to the provisions of any Debtor Relief Law (including Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code), to use and apply all or any of the Obligations as a credit on account of the purchase price for any Collateral payable by the Collateral Agent at such sale.  
     (e)  The Collateral Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any Lender to assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by the Loan Parties or is cared for, protected or insured or has been encumbered or that the Lien granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document has been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or is entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to the Collateral Agent in this Section 10.08 or in any other Loan Document, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission or event related thereto, the Collateral Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion, given the Collateral Agent s own interest in the Collateral as one of the Lenders and that the Collateral Agent shall have no duty or liability whatsoever to any other Lender, except as otherwise provided herein. 
                                     Section 10.09   Agency for Perfection   . Each Agent and each Lender hereby appoints each other Agent and each other Lender as agent and bailee for the purpose of perfecting the security interests in and liens upon the Collateral in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, can be perfected only by possession or control (or where the security interest of a secured party with possession or control has priority over the security interest of another secured party) and each Agent and each Lender hereby acknowledges that it holds possession of or otherwise controls any such Collateral for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders as secured party.  Should the Administrative Agent or any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall notify the Collateral Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Collateral Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Collateral Agent or in accordance with the Collateral Agent s instructions.  In addition, the Collateral Agent shall also have the power and authority hereunder to appoint such other sub-agents as may be necessary or required under applicable state law or otherwise to perform its duties and enforce its rights with respect to the Collateral and under the Loan Documents.  Each Loan Party by its execution and delivery of this Agreement hereby consents to the foregoing. 

Section 10.10    No Reliance on any Agent s Customer Identification Program  .       Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that neither such Lender, nor any of its Affiliates, participants or assignees, may rely on any Agent to carry out such Lender s, Affiliate s, participant s or assignee s customer identification program, or other requirements imposed by the USA PATRIOT Act or the regulations issued thereunder, including the regulations set forth in 31   C.F.R.    1010.100(yy), (iii), 1020.100, and 1020.220 (formerly 31 C.F.R.   103.121),     as hereafter amended or replaced ( CIP Regulations ), or any other Anti-Terrorism Laws, including any progra  ms involving any of the following items relating to or in connection with any of the Loan Parties, their Affiliates or their agents, the Loan Documents or the transactions hereunder or contemplated hereby:  (1) any identity verification procedures, (2) any recordkeeping, (3) comparisons with government lists, (4) customer notices or (5) other procedures required under the CIP Regulations or other regulations issued under the USA PATRIOT Act.  Each Lender, Affiliate, participant or assignee subject to Section 326 of the USA PATRIOT Act will perform the measures necessary to satisfy its own responsibilities under the CIP Regulations.  
                                 Section 10.11   No Third Party Beneficiaries   . The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and no Loan Party shall have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
                                         Section 10.12   No Fiduciary Relationship   . It is understood and agreed that the use of the term  agent  herein or in any other Loan Document (or any other similar term) with reference to any Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other         implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law.  Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
                               Section 10.13   Reports; Confidentiality; Disclaimers   . By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender: 
     (a)  is deemed to have requested that each Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after it becomes available, a copy of each field audit or examination report with respect to Patriot or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a   Report  ) prepared by or at the request of such Agent, and each Agent shall so furnish each Lender with each such Report, 
     (b)  expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Agents (i) do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any Reports, and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Reports, 
     (c)  expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that any Agent or other party performing any audit or examination will inspect only specific information regarding Patriot and its Subsidiaries and will rely significantly upon Patriot s and its Subsidiaries  books and records, as well as on representations of their personnel, 
     (d)  agrees to keep all Reports and other material, non-public information regarding Patriot and its Subsidiaries and their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans in a confidential manner in accordance with Section 12.19, and 

(e)    without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees:  (i) to hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or fail to take or any conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any loans or other credit accommodations that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a loan or loans of the Borrowers, and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend and hold any Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including, attorneys fees and costs) incurred by any such Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender.  
                                           Section 10.14       Collateral Custodian .  
   (a)    Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or its designee may at any time and from time to time employ and maintain on the premises of any Loan Party a custodian selected by the Collateral Agent or its designee who shall have full authority to do all acts necessary to protect the Agents  and the Lenders  interests.  Each Loan Party hereby agrees to, and to cause its Subsidiaries to, cooperate with any such custodian and to do whatever the Collateral Agent or its designee may reasonably request to preserve the Collateral.  All costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Agent or its designee by reason of the employment of the custodian shall be the responsibility of the Borrowers and charged to the Loan Account. 
                                         Section 10.15 [    Intentionally Omitted .] 
                                 Section 10.16   [  Intentionally Omitted .]  
                                 Section 10.17   Collateral Agent May File Proofs of Claim   . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Collateral Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether any Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
     (a)  to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Secured Parties (including any claim for the compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Secured Parties and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Secured Parties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b)    to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;  
     and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Secured Party to make such payments to the Collateral Agent and, in the event that the Collateral Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Secured Parties, to pay to the Collateral Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Collateral Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. 
                                                         ARTICLE XI                                                       GUARANTY  
                                                                             Section 11.01   Guaranty . Each Guarantor hereby jointly and severally and unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all Obligations of the Borrowers now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, whether for principal, interest (including, without limitation, all interest that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of any Borrower, whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such Insolvency Proceeding), fees, commissions, expense reimbursements, indemnifications or otherwise (such obligations, to the extent not paid by the Borrowers, being the     Guaranteed Obligations  ), and agrees to pay any and all expenses (including reasonable counsel fees and expenses) incurred by the Secured Parties in enforcing any rights under the guaranty set forth in this Article XI.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Guarantor s liability shall extend to all amounts that constitute part of the Guaranteed Obligations and would be owed by the Borrowers to the Secured Parties under any Loan Document but for the fact that they are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of an Insolvency Proceeding involving any Borrower.  Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Guaranteed Obligations shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations.   

Section 11.02    Guaranty Absolute    . Each Guarantor jointly and severally guarantees that the Guaranteed Obligations will be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of any law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect in any jurisdiction affecting any of such terms or the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto.  Each Guarantor agrees that this Article XI constitutes a guaranty of payment when due and not of collection and waives any right to require that any resort be made by any Agent or any Lender to any Collateral.  The obligations of   each Guarantor under this Article XI are independent of the Guaranteed Obligations, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against each Guarantor to enforce such obligations, irrespective of whether any action is brought against any Loan Party or whether any Loan Party is joined in any such action or actions.  The liability of each Guarantor under this Article XI shall be irrevocable, absolute and unconditional irrespective of, and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now or hereafter have in any way relating to, any or all of the following:  
     (a)  any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument relating thereto; 
     (b)  any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from any Loan Document, including, without limitation, any increase in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from the extension of additional credit to any Loan Party or otherwise; 
     (c)  any taking, exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral, or any taking, release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty, for all or any of the Guaranteed Obligations; 
     (d)  the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Guarantor may have at any time against any Person, including, without limitation, any Secured Party; 
     (e)  any change, restructuring or termination of the corporate, limited liability company or partnership structure or existence of any Loan Party; or 
     (f)  any other circumstance (including, without limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on any representation by the Secured Parties that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Loan Party or any other guarantor or surety. 
 This Article XI shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time any payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be returned by Secured Parties or any other Person upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. 

Section 11.03    Waiver    . Each Guarantor hereby waives (i) promptness and diligence, (ii) notice of acceptance and any other notice with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and this Article XI and any requirement that the Secured Parties exhaust any right or take any action against any Loan Party or any other Person or any Collateral, (iii) any right to compel or direct any Secured Party to seek payment or recovery of any amounts owed under this Article XI from any one particular fund or source or to exhaust any right or take any action against any other Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, (iv) any requirement that any Secured Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any   right to take any action against any Loan Party, any other Person or any Collateral, and (v) any other defense available to any Guarantor.  Each Guarantor agrees that the Secured Parties shall have no obligation to marshal any assets in favor of any Guarantor or against, or in payment of, any or all of the Obligations.  Each Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated herein and that the waiver set forth in this Section 11.03 is knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.  Each Guarantor hereby waives any right to revoke this Article XI, and acknowledges that this Article XI is continuing in nature and applies to all Guaranteed Obligations, whether existing now or in the future.  
                                                                           Section 11.04   Continuing Guaranty; Assignments   . This Article XI is a continuing guaranty and shall (a) remain in full force and effect until the later of the cash payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI and the Final Maturity Date, (b) be binding upon each Guarantor, its successors and assigns and (c) inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Secured Parties and their successors, pledgees, transferees and assigns.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause (c), any Lender may pledge, assign or otherwise transfer all or any portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all or any portion of its Commitments, its Loans owing to it) to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all the benefits in respect thereof granted such Lender herein or otherwise, in each case as provided in Section 12.07. 
                                                                             Section 11.05   Subrogation   . No Guarantor will exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any Loan Party or any other guarantor that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of such Guarantor s obligations under this Article XI, including, without limitation, any right of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of the Secured Parties against any Loan Party or any other guarantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Loan Party or any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until all of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI shall have been paid in full in cash and the Final Maturity Date shall have occurred.  If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to the later of the payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Contingent Indemnity Obligations) and all other amounts payable under this Article XI and the Final Maturity Date, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Secured Parties to be credited and applied  

to the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Guaranteed Obligations or other amounts payable under this Article XI thereafter arising.  If (i) any Guarantor shall make payment to the Secured Parties of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, (ii) all of the Guaranteed Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Article XI shall be paid in full in cash and (iii) the Final Maturity Date shall have occurred, the Secured Parties will, at such Guarantor s request and expense, execute and deliver to such Guarantor appropriate documents, without recourse and without representation or warranty, necessary to evidence the transfer by subrogation to such Guarantor of an interest in the Guaranteed Obligations resulting from such payment by such Guarantor.  
       Section 11.06   Contribution . All Guarantors desire to allocate among themselves, in a fair and equitable manner, their obligations arising under this Guaranty.  Accordingly, in the event any payment or distribution is made on any date by a Guarantor under this Guaranty such that its Aggregate Payments exceeds its Fair Share as of such date, such Guarantor shall be entitled to a contribution from each of the other Guarantors in an amount sufficient to cause each Guarantor s Aggregate Payments to equal its Fair Share as of such date.    Fair Share   means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (a) the ratio of (i) the Fair Share Contribution Amount with respect to such Guarantor, to (ii) the aggregate of the Fair Share Contribution Amounts with respect to all Guarantors multiplied by, (b) the aggregate amount paid or distributed on or before such date by all Guarantors under this Guaranty in respect of the obligations Guaranteed.    Fair Share Contribution Amount     means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, the maximum aggregate amount of the obligations of such Guarantor under this Guaranty that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer or conveyance under Section 548 of Title 11 of the United States Code or any comparable applicable provisions of state law;  provided , solely for purposes of calculating the  Fair Share Contribution Amount  with respect to any Guarantor for purposes of this Section 11.06, any assets or liabilities of such Guarantor arising by virtue of any rights to subrogation, reimbursement or indemnification or any rights to or obligations of contribution hereunder shall not be considered as assets or liabilities of such Guarantor.    Aggregate Payments   means, with respect to any Guarantor as of any date of determination, an amount equal to (A) the aggregate amount of all payments and distributions made on or before such date by such Guarantor in respect of this Guaranty (including, without limitation, in respect of this Section 11.06),  minus  (B) the aggregate amount of all payments received on or before such date by such Guarantor from the other Guarantors as contributions under this Section 11.06.  The amounts payable as contributions hereunder shall be determined as of the date on which the related payment or distribution is made by the applicable Guarantor.  The allocation among Guarantors of their obligations as set forth in this Section 11.06 shall not be construed in any way to limit the liability of any Guarantor hereunder.  Each Guarantor is a third party beneficiary to the contribution agreement set forth in this Section 11.06. 

ARTICLE XII                                            MISCEL  LANEOUS  
                                                   Section 12.01     Notices, Etc . 
     (a)   Notices Generally .  All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, or telecopier.  In the case of notices or other communications to any Loan Party, Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below (or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other parties complying as to delivery with the terms of this Section 12.01): 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC. 
 401 E. Las Olas Blvd, Suites 1650 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
 Attention: Chief Financial Officer 
 Telephone:                                                       Telecopier:                                                       
 with a copy to: 
 PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC. 
 401 E. Las Olas Blvd, Suites 1650 
 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
 Attention: General Counsel 
 Telephone:                                                       Telecopier:                                                       
 with a copy to: 
 BAKER HOSTETLER LLP 
 127 Public Square 
 Suite 2000 
 Cleveland, Ohio 44114 
 Attention: Melissa Leonard 
 Telephone: 216-861-7986 
 Telecopier:  216-696-0740 

if to the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent, to it at the following address:  
 CERBERUS BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC  875 Third Avenue New York, New York  10022 Attention:  Daniel Wolf Telephone:  212.891.2121     Telecopier:  212.891.1541 E-mail:  dwolf@cerberuscapital.com  
 in each case, with a copy to: 
 Schulte Roth   Zabel LLP 919 Third Avenue New York, New York  10022 Attention:  Eliot L. Relles, Esq. Telephone:  212-756-2000 Telecopier:  212-593-5955 
 All notices or other communications sent in accordance with this Section 12.01, shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or 3 Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail;  provided , that (i) notices sent by overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received and (ii) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient),  provided ,  further  that notices to any Agent pursuant to Articles II shall not be effective until received by such Agent. 
     (b)   Electronic Communications . 
 (i)  Each Agent and the Administrative Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it;  provided  that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.  Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agents,  provided  that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Articles II if such Lender has notified the Agents that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. 

(ii)    Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (B) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (A), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor;   provided   that, for both clauses (A) and (B) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.  
                                               Section 12.02   Amendments, Etc.    (a) No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed (x) in the case of an amendment, consent or waiver to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency or granting a new Lien for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders or extending an existing Lien over additional property, by the Agents and the Borrowers (or by the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Borrowers), (y) in the case of any other waiver or consent, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and (z) in the case of any other amendment, by the Required Lenders (or by the Collateral Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders) and the Borrowers (or by the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Borrowers), and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;  provided ,  however , that no amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
 (i)  increase the Commitment of any Lender, reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Loans payable to any Lender, reduce the amount of any fee payable for the account of any Lender, or postpone or extend any scheduled date fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest or fees on, the Loans payable to any Lender, in each case, without the written consent of such Lender; 
 (ii)  increase the Total Commitment without the written consent of each Lender; 
 (iii)  change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans that is required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder without the written consent of each Lender; 
 (iv)  amend the definition of  Required Lenders  or  Pro Rata Share  without the written consent of each Lender; 

(v)    release all or a substantial portion of the Collateral (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents), subordinate any Lien granted in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, or release any Borrower or any Guarantor (except in connection with a Disposition of the Equity Interests thereof permitted by Section 7.02(c)(ii)), in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; or  
 (vi)  amend, modify or waive Section 4.02, Section 4.03 or this Section 12.02 of this Agreement without the written consent of each Lender. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by an Agent, affect the rights or duties of such Agent (but not in its capacity as a Lender) under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (B) any amendment, waiver or consent to any provision of this Agreement (including Sections 4.01 and 4.02) that permits any Loan Party, or any of their respective Affiliates to purchase Loans on a non-pro rata basis, become an eligible assignee pursuant to Section 12.07 and/or make offers to make optional prepayments on a non-pro rata basis shall require the prior written consent of the Required Lenders rather than the prior written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby and (C) the consent of the Borrowers shall not be required to change any order of priority set forth in Section 2.05(d) and Section 4.03.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender or any of its respective Affiliates that is a Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent under the Loan Documents and any Loans held by such Person for purposes hereof shall be automatically deemed to be voted pro rata according to the Loans of all other Lenders in the aggregate (other than such Defaulting Lender, Loan Party or Affiliate). 
         (b)  If any action to be taken by the Lenders hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all of the Lenders or any Lender affected thereby, and a Lender (the   Holdout Lender  ) fails to give its consent, authorization, or agreement, then the Collateral Agent, upon at least 5 Business Days prior irrevocable notice to the Holdout Lender, may permanently replace the Holdout Lender with one or more substitute lenders (each, a   Replacement Lender  ), and the Holdout Lender shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder.  Such notice to replace the Holdout Lender shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given.  Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender and each Replacement Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Holdout Lender being repaid its share of the outstanding Obligations without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever.  If the Holdout Lender shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Holdout Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance.  The replacement of any Holdout Lender shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 12.07.  Until such time as the Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and obligations of the Holdout Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Holdout Lender shall remain obligated to make its Pro Rata Share of Loans. 

Section 12.03    No Waiver; Remedies, Etc  .     No failure on the part of any Agent or any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right under any Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.  The rights and remedies of the Agents and the Lende  rs provided herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law.  The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under any Loan Document against any party thereto are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by the Agents and the Lenders to exercise any of their rights under any other Loan Document against such party or against any other Person.  
                                                   Section 12.04   Expenses; Taxes; Attorneys  Fees   . The Borrowers will pay on demand, all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of each Agent (and, in the case of clauses (b) through (n) below, each Lender), regardless of whether the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, including, without limitation, reasonable fees, costs, client charges and expenses of counsel for the Agent and the Lenders), (but limited in each case of this Section 12.04, for the Agents and the Lenders taken as a whole, to (x) one primary counsel for each Agent and one primary counsel for the Lenders (taken as a whole), (y) one regulatory counsel and (z) one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction or a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions, in each case unless a conflict arises, in which case the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket expenses of one conflicts counsel shall also be reimbursed by the Borrower, and for the Agents and the Lenders taken as a whole, to all other types of professionals or advisors other than counsel (such as financial advisors, investment bankers, accountants, etc.) to one firm of each such type of advisors to the Agents and the Lenders, taken as a whole, accounting, due diligence, periodic field audits, physical counts, valuations, investigations, searches and filings, monitoring of assets, appraisals of Collateral, the rating of the Loans, title searches and reviewing environmental assessments, miscellaneous disbursements, examination, travel, lodging and meals, arising from or relating to:  (a) the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, performance and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, the preparation of any additional Loan Documents pursuant to Section 7.01(b) or the review of any of the agreements, instruments and documents referred to in Section 7.01(f)), (b) any requested amendments, waivers or consents to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents whether or not such documents become effective or are given, (c) the preservation and protection of the Agents  or any of the Lenders  rights under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (d) the defense of any claim or action asserted or brought against any Agent or any Lender by any Person that arises from or relates to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the Agents  or the Lenders  claims against any Loan Party, or any and all matters in connection therewith, (e) the commencement or defense of, or intervention in, any court proceeding arising from or related to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (f) the filing of any petition, complaint, answer, motion or other pleading by any Agent or any Lender, or the taking of any action in respect of the Collateral or other security, in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (g) the protection, collection, lease, sale, taking possession of or liquidation of, any Collateral or other security in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (h) any attempt to enforce any Lien or security interest in any Collateral or other security in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (i) following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, any attempt to collect from any Loan Party, (j) all liabilities and costs arising from or in connection with the past, present or future operations of any Loan Party involving any damage to  

real or personal property or natural resources or harm or injury alleged to have resulted from any Release of Hazardous Materials on, upon or into such property, (k) any Environmental Liabilities and Costs incurred in connection with the investigation, removal, cleanup and/or remediation of any Hazardous Materials present or arising out of the operations of any Facility of any Loan Party, (l) any Environmental Liabilities and Costs incurred in connection with any Environmental Lien, (m) the rating of the Loans by one or more rating agencies in connection with any Lender s Securitization, or (n) the receipt by any Agent or any Lender of any advice from professionals with respect to any of the foregoing.  Without limitation of the foregoing or any other provision of any Loan Document:  (x) the Borrowers agree to pay all stamp, document, transfer, recording or filing taxes or fees and similar impositions now or hereafter determined by any Agent or any Lender to be payable in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and the Borrowers agree to save each Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all present or future claims, liabilities or losses with respect to or resulting from any omission to pay or delay in paying any such taxes, fees or impositions, (y) the Borrowers agree to pay all broker fees that may become due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (z) if the Borrowers fail to perform any covenant or agreement contained herein or in any other Loan Document, any Agent may itself perform or cause performance of such covenant or agreement, and the expenses of such Agent incurred in connection therewith shall be reimbursed on demand by the Borrowers;   provided  ,   however  , that the Borrowers shall not have any obligation pursuant to this Section 12.04 for any cost or expense that is caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Agent or a Lender, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.    The obligations of the Borrowers under this Section 12.04 shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and discharge of any Liens granted under the Loan Documents.  
                                           Section 12.05   Right of Set-off . Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, any Agent or any Lender may, and is hereby authorized to, at any time and from time to time, without notice to any Loan Party (any such notice being expressly waived by the Loan Parties) and to the fullest extent permitted by law, set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other Indebtedness at any time owing by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any and all obligations of the Loan Parties either now or hereafter existing under any Loan Document, irrespective of whether or not such Agent or such Lender shall have made any demand hereunder or thereunder and although such obligations may be contingent or unmatured;  provided    that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of set-off, (a) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.04 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Agents and the Lenders, and (b) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of set-off.  Each Agent and each Lender agrees to notify such Loan Party promptly after any such set-off and application made by such Agent or such Lender or any of their respective Affiliates provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application.  The rights of the Agents and the Lenders under this Section 12.05 are in addition to the other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) which the Agents and the Lenders may have under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents of law or otherwise. 

Section 12.06    Severability    . Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent o  f such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.  
                                                                           Section 12.07     Assignments and Participations . 
     (a)  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Loan Party and each Agent and each Lender and their respective successors and assigns;  provided ,  however , that none of the Loan Parties may assign or transfer any of its rights hereunder or under the other Loan Documents without the prior written consent of each Lender and any such assignment without the Lenders  prior written consent shall be null and void. 
           (b)  Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (c) below, each Lender may assign to one or more other lenders or other entities all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to: 
 (i)  all or a portion of its Term Loan Commitment and any Term Loan made by it with the written consent of the Collateral Agent and Administrative Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed nor shall it be required during the existence of an Event of Default), and  
 (ii)  all or a portion of its Revolving Credit Commitment and the Revolving Loans made by it with the written consent of each Agent and Administrative Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed nor shall it be required during the existence of an Event of Default);  
  provided ,  however , that (i) no written consent of the Collateral Agent or the Administrative Agent shall be required  if such assignment is in connection with any merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, or other disposition of all or any substantial portion of the business or loan portfolio of such Lender and (ii) no written consent of the Administrative Borrower shall be required in connection with any assignment by a Lender to another Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender.  
     (c)  Assignments  shall be subject to the following additional conditions:    
 (i)  Each such assignment shall be in an amount which is at least $5,000,000 or a multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or the remainder of such Lender s Commitment) (except such minimum amount shall not apply to an assignment by a Lender to (A) a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender or (B) a group of new Lenders, each of whom is an Affiliate or Related Fund of each other to the extent the aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least $5,000,000 or a multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof); 

(ii)    The parties to each such assignment shall execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent (and the Administrative Agent, if applicable), for its acceptance, an Assignment and Acceptance, together with any promissory note subject to such assignment and such parties shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, a processing and recordation fee of $5,000 (except the payment of such fee shall not be required in connection with an assignment by a Lender to a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender);   and   
 (iii)  No such assignment shall be made to (A) any Loan Party, any equity holder of Patriot or any of their respective Affiliates or (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Affiliates, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B).   
     (d)  Upon such execution, delivery and acceptance, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance and recordation on the Register, which effective date shall be at least 3 Business Days after the delivery thereof to the Collateral Agent (or such shorter period as shall be agreed to by the Collateral Agent and the parties to such assignment), (A) the assignee thereunder shall become a  Lender  hereunder and, in addition to the rights and obligations hereunder held by it immediately prior to such effective date, have the rights and obligations hereunder that have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and (B) the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto).   
       (e)  By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender and the assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows:  (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto; (ii) the assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto; (iii) such assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other documents and information it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) such assignee will, independently and without reliance upon the assigning Lender, any Agent or any Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; (v) such assignee appoints and authorizes the Agents to take such action as agents on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to the Agents by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental hereto and thereto; and (vi) such assignee agrees that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 

(f)    The Administrative Agent shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain, or cause to be maintained at the Payment Office, a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by it and a register (the    Register   ) for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the Commitments of, and the principal amount of the Loans (and stated interest thereon) (the    Registered Loans   ) owing to each Lender from time to time.  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error, and the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement.  The Register shall be available for inspection by the Administrative Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.    
       (g)  Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a completed Assignment and Acceptance, and subject to any consent required from the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent pursuant to Section 12.07(b) (which consent of the applicable Agent must be evidenced by such Agent s execution of an acceptance to such Assignment and Acceptance), the Administrative Agent shall accept such assignment, record the information contained therein in the Register (as adjusted to reflect any principal payments on or amounts capitalized and added to the principal balance of the Loans and/or Commitment reductions made subsequent to the effective date of the applicable assignment, as confirmed in writing by the corresponding assignor and assignee in conjunction with delivery of the assignment to the Administrative Agent) and provide to the Collateral Agent a copy of the fully executed Assignment and Acceptance. 
     (h)  A Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide).  Any assignment or sale of all or part of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register, together with the surrender of the registered note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such registered note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new registered notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s).  Prior to the registration of assignment or sale of any Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same), the Agents shall treat the Person in whose name such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) is registered on the Register as the owner thereof for the purpose of receiving all payments thereon, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. 
         (i)  In the event that any Lender sells participations in a Registered Loan, such Lender shall, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of the Borrowers, maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register, on which it enters the name of all participants in the Registered Loans held by it and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of the Registered Loan that is the subject of the participation (the   Participant Register  ).  A Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide).  Any participation of such Registered Loan (and the  

registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register.    The Participant Register shall be available for inspection by the Administrative Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.  
     (j)  Any Non-U.S. Lender who purchases or is assigned or participates in any portion of such Registered Loan shall comply with Section 2.09(d). 
     (k)  Each Lender may sell participations to one or more banks or other entities in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without limitation, all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans made by it); provided, that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation, its Commitments hereunder) and the other Loan Documents shall remain unchanged; (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and the Borrowers, the Agents and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and (iii) a participant shall not be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to take any action hereunder except (A) action directly effecting an extension of the maturity dates or decrease in the principal amount of the Loans, (B) action directly effecting an extension of the due dates or a decrease in the rate of interest payable on the Loans or the fees payable under this Agreement, or (C) actions directly effecting a release of all or a substantial portion of the Collateral or any Loan Party (except as set forth in Section 10.08 of this Agreement or any other Loan Document).  The Loan Parties agree that each participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.09 and Section 2.10 of this Agreement with respect to its participation in any portion of the Commitments and the Loans as if it was a Lender. 
       (l)  Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or loans made to such Lender pursuant to securitization or similar credit facility (a   Securitization    provided  that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.  The Loan Parties shall cooperate with such Lender and its Affiliates to effect the Securitization including, without limitation, by providing such information as may be reasonably requested by such Lender in connection with the rating of its Loans or the Securitization. 
                                 Section 12.08   Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.    Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail shall be equally as effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement.  Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by telecopier or electronic mail also shall deliver an original executed counterpart of this Agreement but the failure to deliver an original executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability, and binding effect of this Agreement.  The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document  mutatis mutandis . 

Section 12.09    GOVERNING LAW  . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS     (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DO  CUMENT)   SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  

Section 12.10    CONSENT TO JURISDICTION; SERVICE OF PROCESS AND VENUE      .       ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK OR OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY ACCEPTS IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS.  EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE SERVICE OF PROCESS OUT OF ANY OF THE AFOREMENTIONED COURTS AND IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING BY ANY MEANS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, BY THE MAILING OF COPIES THEREOF BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL, POSTAGE PREPAID, TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE BORROWER AT ITS ADDRESS FOR NOTICES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 12.01, SUCH SERVICE TO BECOME EFFECTIVE 10 DAYS AFTER SUCH MAILING.  THE LOAN PARTIES AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORC  ED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.  NOTHING HEREIN SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO COMMENCE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS OR OTHERWISE PROCEED AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.  EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OBJECTION WHICH IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE JURISDICTION OR LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUCH LITIGATION BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT REFERRED TO ABOVE AND ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH LITIGATION HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM.  TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY LOAN PARTY HAS OR HEREAFTER MAY ACQUIRE ANY IMMUNITY FROM JURISDICTION OF ANY COURT OR FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS (WHETHER THROUGH SERVICE OR NOTICE, ATTACHMENT PRIOR TO JUDGMENT, ATTACHMENT IN AID OF EXECUTION OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES SUCH IMMUNITY IN RESPECT OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.  

Section 12.11    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL, ETC  .     EACH LOAN PARTY, EACH AGENT AND EACH LENDER HEREBY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM CONCERNING ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR UNDER ANY AMENDMENT, WAIVER, CONSENT, INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR OTHER AGREEMENT DELIVERED OR WHICH IN THE FUTURE MAY BE DELIVERED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, OR ARISING FROM ANY FINANCING RELATIONSHIP EXISTING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH A  CTION, PROCEEDINGS OR COUNTERCLAIM SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY.  EACH LOAN PARTY CERTIFIES THAT NO OFFICER, REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT ANY AGENT OR ANY LENDER WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVERS.  EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT.  
                                           Section 12.12   Consent by the Agents and Lenders .  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein to the contrary or in any other Loan Document, if the consent, approval, satisfaction, determination, judgment, acceptance or similar action (an   Action    ) of any Agent or any Lender shall be permitted or required pursuant to any provision hereof or any provision of any other agreement to which any Loan Party is a party and to which any Agent or any Lender has succeeded thereto, such Action shall be required to be in writing and may be withheld or denied by such Agent or such Lender, in its sole discretion, with or without any reason, and without being subject to question or challenge on the grounds that such Action was not taken in good faith. 
                                         Section 12.13   No Party Deemed Drafter   . Each of the parties hereto agrees that no party hereto shall be deemed to be the drafter of this Agreement. 
                                         Section 12.14   Reinstatement; Certain Payments . If any claim is ever made upon any Secured Party for repayment or recovery of any amount or amounts received by such Secured Party in payment or on account of any of the Obligations, such Secured Party shall give prompt notice of such claim to each other Agent and Lender and the Administrative Borrower, and if such Secured Party repays all or part of such amount by reason of (i) any judgment, decree or order of any court or administrative   body having jurisdiction over such Secured Party or any of its property, or (ii) any good faith settlement or compromise of any such claim effected by such Secured Party with any such claimant, then and in such event each Loan Party agrees that (A) any such judgment, decree, order, settlement or compromise shall be binding upon it notwithstanding the cancellation of any Indebtedness hereunder or under the other Loan Documents or the termination of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and (B) it shall be and remain liable to such Secured Party hereunder for the amount so repaid or recovered to the same extent as if such amount had never originally been received by such Secured Party. 

Section 12.15      Indemnification; Limitati  on of Liability for Certain Damages  .     
       (a)  In addition to each Loan Party s other Obligations under this Agreement, each Loan Party agrees to, jointly and severally, defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless each Secured Party and all of their respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, consultants and agents (collectively called the   Indemnitees  ) from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees, reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees, costs and expenses) directly incurred by such Indemnitees, whether prior to or from and after the Effective Date as a result of or arising from or relating to or in connection with any of the following:  (i) the negotiation, preparation, execution or performance or enforcement of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or of any other document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) any Agent s or any Lender s furnishing of funds to the Borrowers under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, including, without limitation, the management of any such Loans or the Borrowers  use of the proceeds thereof, (iii) the Agents and the Lenders relying on any instructions of the Administrative Borrower or the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of the Borrowers as herein provided, (iv) any matter relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or by any document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (v) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party thereto (collectively, the   Indemnified Matters    provided ,  however , that the Loan Parties shall not have any obligation to any Indemnitee under this subsection (a) for any Indemnified Matter caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
     (b)  The indemnification for all of the foregoing losses, damages, fees, costs and expenses of the Indemnitees set forth in this Section 12.15 are chargeable against the Loan Account.  To the extent that the undertaking to indemnify, pay and hold harmless set forth in this Section 12.15 may be unenforceable because it is violative of any law or public policy, each Loan Party shall, jointly and severally, contribute the maximum portion which it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law, to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Matters incurred by the Indemnitees. 
     (c)  No Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against the Indemnitees, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) (whether or not the claim therefor is based on contract, tort or duty imposed by any applicable legal requirement) arising out of, in connection with, as a result of, or in any way related to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby or referred to herein or therein, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof or any act or omission or event occurring in connection therewith, and each Loan Party hereby waives, releases and agrees not to sue upon any such claim or seek any such damages, whether or not accrued and whether or not known or suspected to exist in its favor. 

(d)    The indemnities and waivers set forth in this Section 12.15 shall survive the repayment of the Obligations and discharge of any Liens granted under the Loan Documents.  
                                         Section 12.16   Records   . The unpaid principal of and interest on the Loans, the interest rate or rates applicable to such unpaid principal and interest, the duration of such applicability, the Commitments, and the accrued and unpaid fees payable pursuant to Section 2.06 hereof, shall at all times be ascertained from the records of the Agents, which shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error. 
                                               Section 12.17   Binding Effect   . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender and when the conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.01 hereof have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Agents, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of ea    ch Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Loan Parties shall not have the right to assign their rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Agent and each Lender, and any assignment by any Lender shall be governed by Section 12.07 hereof. 
                                       Section 12.18   Highest Lawful Rate   . It is the intention of the parties hereto that each Agent and each Lender shall conform strictly to usury laws applicable to it.  Accordingly, if the transactions contemplated hereby or by any other Loan Document would be usurious as to any Agent or any Lender under laws applicable to it (including the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York or any other jurisdiction whose laws may be mandatorily applicable to such Agent or such Lender notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement), then, in that event, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any agreement entered into in connection with or as security for the Obligations, it is agreed as follows:  (i) the aggregate of all consideration which constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender that is contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received by such Agent or such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or agreements or otherwise in connection with the Obligations shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, any excess shall be canceled automatically and if theretofore paid shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, to the Borrowers); and (ii) in the event that the maturity of the Obligations is accelerated by reason of any Event of Default under this Agreement or otherwise, or in the event of any required or permitted prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes interest under law applicable to any Agent or any Lender may never include more than the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law, and excess interest, if any, provided for in this Agreement or otherwise shall, subject to the last sentence of this Section 12.18, be canceled automatically by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited by such Agent or such Lender, as applicable, on the principal amount of the Obligations (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Obligations shall have been or would thereby be paid in full, refunded by such Agent or such Lender to the Borrowers).  All sums paid or agreed to be paid to any Agent or any Lender for the use, forbearance or detention of sums due hereunder shall, to the extent permitted by law applicable to such Agent or such Lender, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout  

the full term of the Loans until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of any Loans hereunder does not exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law.  If at any time and from time to time (x) the amount of interest payable to any Agent or any Lender on any date shall be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender pursuant to this Section 12.18 and (y) in respect of any subsequent interest computation period the amount of interest otherwise payable to such Agent or such Lender would be less than the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender, then the amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender in respect of such subsequent interest computation period shall continue to be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Agent or such Lender until the total amount of interest payable to such Agent or such Lender shall equal the total amount of interest which would have been payable to such Agent or such Lender if the total amount of interest had been computed without giving effect to this Section 12.18.  
 For purposes of this Section 12.18, the term  applicable law  shall mean that law in effect from time to time and applicable to the loan transaction between the Borrowers, on the one hand, and the Agents and the Lenders, on the other, that lawfully permits the charging and collection of the highest permissible, lawful non-usurious rate of interest on such loan transaction and this Agreement, including laws of the State of New York and, to the extent controlling, laws of the United States of America.  
     The right to accelerate the maturity of the Obligations does not include the right to accelerate any interest that has not accrued as of the date of acceleration. 
                                               Section 12.19   Confidentiality . Each Agent and each Lender agrees (on behalf of itself and each of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees and representatives) to use reasonable precautions to keep confidential, in accordance with its customary procedures for handling confidential information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound practices of comparable commercial finance companies, any non-public information supplied to it by the Loan Parties pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents which is identified in writing by the Loan Parties as being confidential at the time the same is delivered to such Person (and which at the time is not, and does not thereafter become, publicly available or available to such Person from another source not known to be subject to a confidentiality obligation to such Person not to disclose such information),  provided    that nothing herein shall limit the disclosure by any Agent or any Lender of any such information (i) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates  respective equityholders (including, without limitation, partners), directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, counsel, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and instructed to keep such information confidential in accordance with this Section 12.19); (ii) to any other party hereto; (iii) to any assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or any party to a Securitization so long as such assignee or participant (or prospective assignee or participant) or party to a Securitization first agrees, in writing, to be bound by confidentiality provisions similar in substance to this Section 12.19; (iv) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or judicial process or as otherwise requested by any Governmental Authority; (v) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any similar organization, any examiner, auditor or accountant or any nationally recognized rating agency or otherwise to the extent consisting of general portfolio information that does not  

identify Loan Parties; (vi) in connection with any litigation to which any Agent or any Lender is a party;     (vii) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder; or (viii) with the consent of the Administrative Borrower.  
                                           Section 12.20   Public Disclosure   . Each Loan Party agrees that neither it nor any of its Affiliates will now or in the future issue any press release or other public disclosure using the name of an Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates or referring to this Agreement or any other Loan Document without the prior written consent of such Agent or such Lender, except to the extent that such Loan Party or such Affiliate is required or it is advisable in the opinion of counsel to do so under applicable Requirements of Law (in which event, such Loan Party or such Affiliate will consult with (in the case of the initial announcement of this Agreement) or use commercially reasonable efforts to provide advance notice thereof to (in the case of all other announcements) such Agent or such Lender before issuing such press release or other public disclosure).  Each Loan Party hereby authorizes each Agent and each Lender, after consultation with the Borrower, to advertise the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to make appropriate announcements of the existence and amount of the Commitments and the Loans entered into among the parties hereto, as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate, including, without limitation, on a home page or similar place for dissemination of information on the Internet or worldwide web, or in announcements commonly known as tombstones, in such trade publications, business journals, newspapers of general circulation and to such selected parties as such Agent or such Lender shall deem appropriate. 
                                 Section 12.21   Integration   . This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof. 
                                     Section 12.22   USA PATRIOT Act .   Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the entities composing the Borrowers, which information includes the name and address of each such entity and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the entities composing the Borrowers in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act.  Each Loan Party agrees to take such action and execute, acknowledge and deliver at its sole cost and expense, such instruments and documents as any Lender may reasonably require from time to time in order to enable such Lender to comply with the USA PATRIOT Act. 
 [REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.  

BORROWER:  

PATRIOT NATIONAL, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Steven M. Mariano  

Name:   
 
 Steven M. Mariano  

Title:   
 
 President, CEO  

GUARANTORS:  

PATRIOT SERVICES, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Steven M. Mariano  

Name:   
 
 Steven M. Mariano  

Title:   
 
 President, CEO  

COMPLINX INSURANCE AGENCY, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

CONTEGO INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

CORPORATE CLAIMS MANAGEMENT, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

CWI BENEFITS, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

FORZA LIEN, INC.   

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

GLOBAL HR RESEARCH, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

INSURELINX, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT AUDIT SERVICES, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT CAPTIVE MANAGEMENT, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT CARE MANAGEMENT, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT CARE, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT CLAIM SERVICES, INC.   

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT RISK CONSULTANTS, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT RISK SERVICES, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

PATRIOT UNDERWRITERS, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

TRIGEN INSURANCE SOLUTIONS, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

TRIGEN HOSPITALITY GROUP, INC.  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

VIKARAN TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS, INC.   

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:   
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:   
 
 Treasurer  

CONTEGO SERVICES GROUP, LLC   

By:  
 
 Patriot Services, Inc., its Manager  

By:  
 
 /s/ Steven M. Mariano  

Name:  
 
 Steven M. Mariano  

Title:  
 
 President, CEO  

DECISION UR, LLC  

By:  
 
 Patriot Technology Solutions, Inc., its 
 Manager  

By:  
 
 /s/ Elvis Rivera  

Name:  
 
 Elvis Rivera  

Title:  
 
 Treasurer  

COLLATERAL AGENT AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT  :  
   
 CERBERUS BUSINESS FINANCE, LLC  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dan Wolf  

Name:  
 
 Dan Wolf  

Title:  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  

LENDERS:   

CERBERUS LEVERED LOAN OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, L.P.   

By:  
 
 Cerberus Levered Opportunities III GP, LLC  

Its:  
 
 General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dan Wolf  

Name:  
 
 Dan Wolf  

Title:  
 
 Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS NJ CREDIT OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.   

By:  
 
 Cerberus NJ Credit Opportunities GP, LLC  

Its:  
 
 General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dan Wolf  

Name:  
 
 Dan Wolf  

Title:  
 
 Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS ASRS HOLDINGS LLC  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dan Wolf  

Name:  
 
 Dan Wolf  

Title:  
 
 Vice President  

CERBERUS ICQ LEVERED LOAN OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.  

By:  
 
 Cerberus ICQ Levered Opportunities GP, LLC  

Its:  
 
 General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dan Wolf  

Name:  
 
 Dan Wolf  

Title:  
 
 Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS KRS LEVERED LOAN OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.    

By:  
 
 Cerberus KRS Levered Opportunities GP, LLC  

Its:  
 
 General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dan Wolf  

Name:  
 
 Dan Wolf  

Title:  
 
 Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS PSERS LEVERED LOAN OPPORTUNITIES FUND, L.P.   

By:  
 
 Cerberus PSERS Levered Opportunities GP, LLC   

Its:  
 
 General Partner  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dan Wolf  

Name:  
 
 Dan Wolf  

Title:  
 
 Senior Managing Director  

CERBERUS FSBA HOLDINGS LLC  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dan Wolf  

Name:  
 
 Dan Wolf  

Title:  
 
 Vice President  

TCW DIRECT LENDING, LLC   

By:  
 
 TCW Asset Management Company, its Investment Advisor  

By:  
 
 /s/ Suzanne Grosso  

Name:  
 
 Suzanne Grosso  

Title:  
 
 Managing Director  

WEST VIRGINIA DIRECT LENDING LLC  

By:  
 
 TCW Asset Management Company, its Advisor  

By:  
 
 /s/ Suzanne Grosso  

Name:  
 
 Suzanne Grosso  

Title:  
 
 Managing Director  

TCW SKYLINE LENDING, L.P.   

By:  
 
 TCW Asset Management Company LLC, its Investment Advisor  

By:  
 
 /s/ Suzanne Grosso  

Name:  
 
 Suzanne Grosso  

Title:  
 
 Managing Director  

</EX-10.12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 pn-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

pn-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Steven M. Mariano, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Patriot National, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

c)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Steven M. Mariano  

Steven M. Mariano  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 pn-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

pn-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Thomas C. Shields, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of Patriot National, Inc.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

c)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Thomas C. Shields  

Thomas C. Shields  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial  
 Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 pn-ex321_8.htm
 EX-32.1

pn-ex321_8.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Patriot National, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven M. Mariano, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

 Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Steven M. Mariano  

Steven M. Mariano  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 pn-ex322_6.htm
 EX-32.2

pn-ex322_6.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-Q of Patriot National, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Thomas C. Shields, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

 Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ Thomas C. Shields  

Thomas C. Shields  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial  
 Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

