<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161003_10-Q_edgar_data_1586573_0001144204-16-126415_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1727715</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>49471</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>165090</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>382283</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>665159</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>421977</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-126415.hdr.sgml : 20161003
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161003092512
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-126415
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161003
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001586573
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				463601223
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55068
		FILM NUMBER:		161914644

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO. 56 HALAMAN BUKIT GAMBIR 9
		STREET 2:		SUNWAY BUKIT GAMBIER
		CITY:			11700 GELUGOR, PENANG
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			11700
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6012470-5688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO. 56 HALAMAN BUKIT GAMBIR 9
		STREET 2:		SUNWAY BUKIT GAMBIER
		CITY:			11700 GELUGOR, PENANG
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			11700

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cloud Run Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-126415.txt : 20161003

10-Q
 1
 v449230_10q.htm
 10-Q

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 2054 

 FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended June 30,
2016 

OR 

For the transition period from        to 

Commission file number              000-55068 

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware  
      46-3601223   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation or organization)  

Westwood Business Center 

 611 South Main Street 

 Grapevine, Texas 76051 

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(zip code)  

(+86)592 504 9622 

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 Yes   x     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated Filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company  x    
 
      (do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes   x      No      

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer's classes of stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

 For the quarterly period ended June 30,
2016 

2   

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated unaudited financial statements 

3   

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed unaudited consolidated financial statements 

4   

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated unaudited financial statements 

5   

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

NATURE OF OPERATIONS 

Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation ( Heyu
Leisure  or  the Group ) was incorporated on July 9, 2013 under the laws of the state of Delaware. 

On February 9, 2015, Heyu Leisure Holiday
Corp. ( Heyu Leisure  or the  Group  or the  Registrant ) merged with Heyu Capital Ltd ( Heyu
Capital ), a corporation existing under the laws of Hong Kong (Special Administrative Region of the PRC). Pursuant to the
merger, the Registrant acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Heyu Capital through the issuance of common shares of the
Registrant to the shareholders of Heyu Capital. 

As a result of the Merger and pursuant
to the Resolution, Heyu Capital has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Registrant and the Registrant issued shares of its
common stock to shareholders of Heyu Capital at a rate of 1,000 shares of the Registrant s common stock for all Heyu Capital
common share. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Registrant had 60,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Following the Merger, the Registrant has
60,001,000 shares of common stock outstanding after the share exchange and the issuance of 1,000 common shares to the shareholder
of Heyu Capital. 

6   

The transaction
has been accounted for as a business combination under a method similar to the pooling-of-interest method ( Pooling-of-Interest )
as the Registrant and Heyu Capital are both under common control with by our majority shareholder.   In
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805-50-25, it indicated that the financial statements of
the receiving entity shall report results of operations for the period in which the transfer occurs as though the transfer of net
assets or exchange of equity interests had occurred at the beginning of the period. Results of operations for that period will
thus comprise those of the previously separate entities combined from the beginning of the period to the date the transfer is completed
and those of the combined operations from that date to the end of the period. Further in 805-50-45-5, indicated that the financial
statements and financial information presented for prior years also shall be retrospectively adjusted to furnish comparative information.
All adjusted financial statements and financial summaries shall indicate clearly that financial data of previously separate entities
are combined.  

The operating entity- Wujiaer Hotel Co.,
Ltd ( Wujiaer ) has been acquired via Xiamen Heyu Hotel Management Co ( Xiamen Heyu ) on January 25, 2014.
As a result of the acquisition, Xiamen Heyu has become its immediate holding company, Heyu Capital becomes its intermediate holding
company and the Registrant has become an ultimate holding company of Wujiaer. 

In accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) 805, Business Combinations, We evaluate each investment in a business to determine if we should
account for the investment as a cost-basis investment, an equity investment, a business combination or a common control transaction.
An investment in which we do not have a controlling interest and which we are not the primary beneficiary but where we have the
ability to exert significant influence is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. For those investments that we account
for in accordance ASC 805, Business Combinations, we record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at our estimate of their
fair values on the date of the business combination. Our assessment of the estimated fair value of each of these can have a material
effect on our reported results as intangible assets are amortized over various lives. Furthermore, a change in the estimated fair
value of an asset or liability often has a direct impact on the amount to recognize as goodwill, which is not amortized. Often
determining the fair value of these assets and liabilities assumed requires an assessment of the expected use of the asset, the
expected cost to extinguish a liability or our expectations related to the timing and the successful completion of the integration
of the business. Such estimates are inherently difficult and subjective and can have a material impact on our financial statements. 

ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 

The following diagram illustrates our corporate and ownership
structure, the place of formation and the ownership interests of our subsidiaries as of June 30, 2016 after the
acquisition. 

7   

BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by U.S. GAAP for
complete financial statements. The accompanying unaudited financial statements include all adjustments, composed of normal recurring
adjustments, considered necessary by management to fairly state our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The
operating results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any other interim period
or for the full year. These unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes
thereto included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC. 

8   

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION 

The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of our company and its subsidiaries. All significant transactions and balances between our company and
its subsidiaries have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

A subsidiary is an entity in which our
company, directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of the voting power, has the power to appoint or remove the majority
of the members of the board of directors, and has the power to cast a majority of votes at meetings of the board of directors or
to govern the financial and operating policies of the investee under a statute or agreement among the shareholders or equity holders. 

ASC 810  Consolidation , which
provides guidance on the identification of and financial reporting for entities over which control is achieved through means other
than voting interests, requires certain variable interest entities to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity. 

The Group evaluates our business relationships
such as those with franchisees to identify potential variable interest entities. Generally, these businesses qualify for the business
scope exception under the consolidation guidance. Therefore, we have concluded that consolidation of any such entities is not appropriate
for the periods. 

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

U.S. GAAP requires that business combinations be accounted for
under the acquisition purchase method. From January 1, 2009, the Group adopted ASC 805  Business Combinations .
Following this adoption, the cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the fair values at the date of exchange of
the assets given, liabilities incurred, and equity instruments issued. The costs directly attributable to the acquisition are expensed
as incurred. Identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired or assumed are measured separately at their fair
value as of the acquisition date, irrespective of the extent of any non-controlling interests. The excess of (i) the total
of cost of acquisition, the fair value of the non-controlling interests and the acquisition date fair value of any previously held
equity interest in the acquired over (ii) the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquired is recorded as goodwill.
If the cost of acquisition is less than the fair value of the net assets of the entity acquired, the difference is recognized directly
in the statements of operations.  

The determination and allocation of fair values to the identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on various assumptions and valuation methodologies requiring considerable management
judgment. The most significant variables in these valuations are discount rates, terminal values, the number of years on which
to base the cash flow projections and the assumptions and estimates used to determine the cash inflows and outflows. Management
determines discount rates to be used based on the risk inherent in the related activity s current business model and industry
comparisons. Terminal values are based on the expected life of assets and forecasted life cycle and forecasted cash flows over
that period. Although the Group believe that the assumptions applied in the determinations that the Group have made are reasonable
based on information available at the date of acquisition, actual results may differ from the forecasted amounts and the difference
could be material. 

USE OF ESTIMATES 

The preparation of unaudited consolidated
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

REVENUE RECOGNITION 

Revenue from leased hotel is derived from
hotel operations, mainly including the rental of rooms, food and beverages sales from leased hotels. Revenue is recognized when
rooms are occupied and food and beverage are sold. Persuasive evidence of an arrangement, fixed price, and service delivered and
collection reasonably assured. 

9   

ACCOUNT RECEIVABLE, NET 

Accounts receivables mainly consist of
amounts due from corporate customers, travel agents, hotel guests and credit card receivables, which are recognized and carried
at the original invoice amount less an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Group establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts
primarily based on the age of the receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers. 

INVENTORIES 

Inventories mainly consist of food and
beverages, small appliances, bedding and daily consumables. Small appliances, bedding and daily consumables replacement are expensed
when used. 

PROPERTY AND LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS, NET 

Property and leasehold improvements, net
are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The renovations, betterments and related expenses incurred during
the construction are capitalized. Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment is provided using the straight line method
over their expected useful lives. The expected useful lives are as follows: 

Leasehold improvements  
      5-10 years   
 
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment  
      3-5 years   

Construction in progress represents leasehold
improvements under construction or being installed and is stated at cost. Cost comprises original cost of property and equipment,
installation, construction and other direct costs. Construction in progress is transferred to leasehold improvements and depreciation
commences when the asset is ready for its intended use. The useful live for leasehold improvement is shorter of the term of the
lease or the estimated useful lives of the assets. 

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS 

The Group evaluates its long-lived assets for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. When these events occur,
the Group measures impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to
result from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than
the carrying amount of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying amount
and fair value of these assets. There is no impairment as of June 30, 2016.  

10   

BUSINESS TAX AND
RELATED TAXES 

The Group is subject to business tax, education
surtax and urban maintenance and construction tax on the services provided in the PRC. Such taxes are primarily levied based on
revenue at applicable rates and are recorded as a reduction of revenue. 

INCOME TAX 

The Group has implemented certain provisions
of ASC 740, Income Taxes ( ASC 740 ), which clarifies the accounting and disclosure for uncertain tax positions, as
defined. ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain aspects of the recognition and measurement related
to accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Valuation allowances are established when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. The Group adopted the provisions of ASC 740 and have analyzed filing positions in each PRC jurisdictions where
we are required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. The Group has identified the
PRC as our  major  tax jurisdiction. Generally, the Group remains subject to PRC examination of our income tax returns
annually. 

The Group believes that our income tax
positions and deductions will be sustained by an audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material change
to our financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded pursuant to ASC 740. In
addition, the Group did not record a cumulative effect adjustment, related to the adoption of ASC 740. Our policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with income-based tax audits is to record such items as a component of income taxes. 

11   

INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Intangible assets with definite useful
lives, representing software, are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 5 years using the straight-line method, which
represents the economic benefit pattern of the intangible assets. 

LEASE 

A lease of which substantially all the
benefits and risks incidental to ownership remain with the lessor is classified as an operating lease. The Group is currently classified
it as operating lease. 

CONCENTRATION OF RISK 

Financial instruments that potentially expose the Group to concentrations
of credit risk consist principally of cash and accounts receivable. The Group places its cash with high quality banking institutions.
The Group didn t have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit as of June 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 respectively. And the Group periodically evaluates the creditworthiness of the existing customers in determining
an allowance for doubtful accounts primarily based upon the age of the receivables and factors surrounding the credit risk of specific
customers. 

FAIR VALUE 

The Group follows guidance for accounting
for fair value measurements of financial assets and financial liabilities and for fair value measurements of nonfinancial items
that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The guidance establishes a fair
value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest
priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest
priority to measurements involving significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy
are as follows: 

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted
prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs
for the asset or liability. 

12   

The Group monitors the market conditions
and evaluates the fair value hierarchy levels at least quarterly. For any transfers in and out of the levels of the fair value
hierarchy, the Group elects to disclose the fair value measurement at the beginning of the reporting period during which the transfer
occurred. 

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION 

The functional and reporting currency of
the Company is the United States dollar ( U.S. dollar ). The financial records of the Company located in the Hong Kong
and PRC are maintained in their local currency, the Renminbi ( RMB ) and Hong Kong Dollar ( HKD ), which
are the functional currency of these entities. 

Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the rates of exchange ruling at
the balance sheet date. Revenues, expenses, gains and losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Retained earnings
and equity are translated using the historical rate. Translation adjustments are reported as cumulative translation adjustments
and are shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income. 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Comprehensive loss is defined to include
all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, ASC
220, Comprehensive Income requires that all items are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components
of comprehensive loss are reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements.
For the periods presented, the Group s comprehensive loss includes net loss and foreign currency translation adjustments
and is presented in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

CONCENTRATION OF RISK 

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company places its cash with high quality
banking institutions. The Company did not have cash balances in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit as of
June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively. 

13   

ACQUISITION OF BUSINESS 

Acquisition of interest in Heyu Capital
Limited  

Pursuant to a Sale and Purchase Agreement
dated February 9, 2015 between the Company and Ang Ban Siong, the Company issued shares of its common stock to shareholder of Heyu
Capital at a rate of 1,000 shares of the Company s common stock for 100% of the equity of Heyu Capital Limited. 

The transaction has been accounted for
as a business combination under a method similar to the pooling-of-interest method ( Pooling-of-Interest ) as the Registrant
and Heyu Capital are both under common control with by our majority shareholder In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 805,  Business Combinations,  We evaluate each investment in a business to determine if we should account
for the investment as a cost-basis investment, an equity investment, a business combination or a common control transaction. An
investment in which we do not have a controlling interest and which we are not the primary beneficiary but where we have the ability
to exert significant influence is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. For those investments that we account for
in accordance ASC 805, Business Combinations, we record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at our estimate of their fair
values on the date of the business combination. Our assessment of the estimated fair value of each of these can have a material
effect on our reported results as intangible assets are amortized over various lives. Furthermore, a change in the estimated fair
value of an asset or liability often has a direct impact on the amount to recognize as goodwill, which is not amortized. Often
determining the fair value of these assets and liabilities assumed requires an assessment of the expected use of the asset, the
expected cost to extinguish a liability or our expectations related to the timing and the successful completion of the integration
of the business. Such estimates are inherently difficult and subjective and can have a material impact on our financial statements. 

The operating entity- Wujiaer Hotel Co.,
Ltd ( Wujiaer ) has been acquired via Xiamen Heyu Hotel Management Co ( Xiamen Heyu ) on January 25, 2014.
As a result of the acquisition, Xiamen Heyu has become its immediate holding company, Heyu Capital becomes its intermediate holding
company and the Registrant has become an ultimate holding company of Wujiaer. 

14   

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 2   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

Property and equipment, net consist of the following: 

Depreciation expense was $ 68,256
and $71,271 for the period ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. 

NOTE 3   DEPOSIT PAYMENT TO A RELATED PARTY  

The deposit is made to shareholder
for the lease of the hotel building. The deposit is refundable upon the lease expiring on September 30, 2025. 

The long term deposits are not
within the scope of the accounting guidance regarding interests on receivables and payables, because they are intended to provide
security for the counterparty to the office rental agreements. Therefore, the deposits are recorded at costs. 

15   

NOTE 4   OTHER
PAYABLE  

16   

NOTE 5   COMMITMENT  

Operating lease commitment  

The Group has entered into lease agreement for a leased
hotel which it operates. Such lease is classified as operating lease. 

Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable
lease agreement as follow: 

Under the lease arrangements, the Group
pay rent on a quarterly basis. 

NOTE 6   LOSS PER COMMON SHARE  

Basic loss per common share excludes dilution and is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per common share
reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted
into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the loss of the entity. As of June 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, there are no outstanding dilutive securities. 

NOTE 7   GOING CONCERN  

The Group has sustained operating losses of $6,386,439   since
inception. The Group s continuation as a going concern is dependent on management s ability to develop profitable operations,
and / or obtain additional financing from its stockholders and / or other third parties. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Group will continue as a going concern; however, the above conditions raise substantial doubt about the Group s
ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability
and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Group be unable to continue
as a going concern. 

If management projections are not met, the Group may have to
reduce its operating expenses and to seek additional funding through debt and/or equity offerings. 

17   

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 8   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). ASU 2014-09 creates a new
topic in the ASC Topic 606 and establishes a new control-based revenue recognition model, changes the basis for deciding when revenue
is recognized over time or at a point in time, provides new and more detailed guidance on specific topics, and expands and improves
disclosures about revenue. In addition, ASU 2014-09 adds a new Subtopic to the Codification, ASC 340-40, Other Assets and
Deferred Costs: Contracts with Customers, to provide guidance on costs related to obtaining a contract with a customer and costs
incurred in fulfilling a contract with a customer that are not in the scope of another ASC Topic. The guidance in ASU 2014-09 is
effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein.
Early application is not permitted. The Company is in the process of assessing the impact of ASU 2014-09 on the Company s
financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 
( ASU 2014-15 ), which requires management to perform interim and annual assessments on whether there are conditions
or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date
the financial statements are issued and to provide related disclosures, if required. ASU 2014-15 is effective for the Company for
our fiscal year ending October 31, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The company adopted this pronouncement which did not have
a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2015-02 (ASU 2015-02)  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  ASU
2015-02 changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal
entities. It is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015.
Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the
impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842).  This standard requires entities that lease assets to recognize on the balance sheet the assets
and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. The standard is effective for fiscal years and the interim
periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The guidance is required to be applied by the modified retrospective
transition approach. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this new guidance
on its financial position, results of operations and disclosures. 

Other recent accounting pronouncements
issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force) and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission did not
or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements. 

18   

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 9   STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY  

The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000
shares of common stock and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 

On February 9, 2015, Heyu Leisure Holiday
Corp. ( Heyu Leisure  or the  Company  or the  Registrant ) merged with Heyu Capital Ltd ( Heyu
Capital ), a corporation existing under the laws of Hong Kong (Special Administrative Region of the PRC). Pursuant to the
merger, the Company acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Heyu Capital through the issuance of common shares of the
Company to the shareholders of Heyu Capital. 

As a result of the Merger and pursuant
to the Resolution, Heyu Capital has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company issued shares of its common
stock to shareholders of Heyu Capital at a rate of 1,000 shares of the Registrant s common stock for all Heyu Capital common
share. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Registrant had 60,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Following the Merger, the Company has 60,001,000
shares of common stock outstanding after the share exchange and the issuance of 1,000 common shares to the shareholder of Heyu
Capital. 

19   

NOTE 10   RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS  

Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability,
directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and
operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence.
Related parties may be individuals or corporate entities. Those related parties are controlled by Ang Ban Siong and who is served
as the Director of the companies. 

Amount due from related parties are related to the advances
to stockholder/ related companies as $21,672 and $194,322 respectively for June 30, 2016 and December 31 2015, respectively. 

Amount due to a related party is comprised of the advances from
the stockholder/ related companies for working capital of group as of $ 1,125,669 and $1,192,387 respectively for June 30, 2016
and December 31 2015, respectively 

20   

ITEM 2.  
      MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation (the  Company )
was incorporated on July 2, 2013 under the laws of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including,
but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. 

On January 14, the Company issued 1,000,000 shares of its common
stock at par representing 100% of the then total outstanding 1,000,000 shares of common stock. 

On August 8, 2014, the Company issued additional
59,000,000 shares of its common stock at par. Accordingly, the total outstanding of common stock is 60,000,000 shares as at 30
September 2014. 

Hung Seng Tan is appointed as the Executive
Director and Guan Chuan Tan is appointed as the Director of the Company during the period. Ban Siong Ang is appointed as Managing
Director and serves as Chief Executive Officer subsequent to the appointment of new Directors. 

On February 9, 2015, Heyu Leisure Holiday
Corp. ( Heyu Leisure  or the  Company  or the  Registrant ) merged with Heyu Capital Ltd ( Heyu
Capital ), a corporation existing under the laws of Hong Kong (Special Administrative Region of the PRC). Pursuant to the
merger, the Company acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Heyu Capital through the issuance of common shares of the
Company to the shareholders of Heyu Capital. 

As a result of the Merger and pursuant
to the Resolution, Heyu Capital has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and the Company issued shares of its common
stock to shareholders of Heyu Capital at a rate of 1,000 shares of the Registrant s common stock for all Heyu Capital common
share. Immediately prior to the Merger, the Registrant had 60,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. 

Following the Merger, the Company has 60,001,000
shares of common stock outstanding after the share exchange and the issuance of 1,000 common shares to the shareholder of Heyu
Capital. 

Results of Operations for six months and three months ended
June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015  

The revenue decreased from $79,595 to $22,121 from the three
months ended June 30, 2015 to the three months ended June 30, 2016. The revenue decreased from $144,869 to $59,269 from the six
months ended June 30, 2015 to the six months ended June 30, 2016.These decreases resulted primarily from the external construction
project in 2016. 

The decrease in Cost of revenue is consistent with the decrease
of revenue from the three, six months ended June 30, 2016 to June 30, 2015, respectively. The cost of revenue consists of water,
electricity, rental and related taxes of hotel. 

The Group operating expenses decreased from $ 293,679 to
$64,065 from the three months ended June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2016. The Group operating expenses decreased from $ 514,886 to
$220,708 from the six months ended June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2016. The decrease in operating expense was consistent with
decrease in revenue and the control of operation budget in 2016. 

21   

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Working Capital  

As of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, total current
assets were $25,180 and $208,702 respectively. The decrease is mainly due to decrease in cash and cash equivalent as a result of
payment of hotel daily operating expenses. 

As of June 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, total current
liabilities were $1,514,693 and $1,430,946 respectively. The increase is mainly from the advances from shareholder, which paid
for daily hotel operation expenses and staff salaries during the period. 

The Company had negative working capital of $1,489,513
and an accumulated deficit of $ 6,386,439 as of June 30, 2016. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent
on our ability to develop profitable operations, and / or obtain additional financing from its stockholders and / or other third
parties. 

Cash Flows  

For the six month ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 we
spent $121,774 and $492,658 on operating activities. The decrease in our expenditures on operating activities was primarily due
to the payment to consultant in relation to the potential project acquisition and share listing expenses in prior period. However,
there is no such expense incurred and therefore decrease in operating expenses during the period. 

For the six month ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, $201,674
and $39,167 were provided by investing activities, the increase is from collection from the due from related parties during the
period. 

For the six month ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, $79,397
and $396,521 were used and provided by financing activities, the change is from repayment to related parties during the period. 

22   

Business 

The Company was incorporated on July 2, 2013 under the laws
of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions.
The Company has been in the developmental stage since inception. 

The Company intends to operate and manage budget hotels chains
in China. The Company intends that it will develop its business plan through the acquisition or business combination with an existing
private company in China or otherwise through growth and development of its projects. 

The Company may develop its operations by marketing and internal
growth and/or by effecting a business combination with an operating company in the field. The Company anticipates that if it enters
such a business combination it would likely take the form of a merger. It is anticipated that such private company will bring with
it to such merger key operating business activities and a business plan. As of the date of this Report, no agreements have been
executed to effect any business combination. 

A combination will normally take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock
exchange or stock-for-assets exchange. The Company may wish to structure the business combination to be within the definition of
a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

On February 9, 2015, Heyu Leisure Holiday Corp.    Heyu
Leisure    or the    Company    merged
with Heyu Capital Ltd (   Heyu Capital   ),
a corporation existing under the laws of Hong Kong (Special Administrative Region of the PRC). Pursuant to the merger, the Registrant
acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Heyu Capital through the issuance of common shares of the Registrant to the shareholders
of Heyu Capital. 

The Company's independent auditors have issued a report raising
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. At present, the Company has no operations and the
continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from its stockholders, its ability to obtain
necessary equity financing to continue operations and/or to successfully locate and negotiate with a business entity for a business
combination that would provide a basis of possible operations.  

23   

ITEM 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.   

-   Information not required to be filed by Smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM 4.  Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosures and Procedures 

Pursuant to Rules adopted by the Securities
and Exchange Commission, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules. This evaluation was done as of the end of the period covered by this report
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's principal executive officer (who is also the principal financial
officer). 

Based upon that evaluation, he believes
that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective in gathering, analyzing and disclosing information needed to
ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in its periodic reports is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

This Quarterly Report does not include an
attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this Quarterly Report. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

Although the Company has effected a change
in control, the Company remains, as it was previously, a development stage company under the direct control of its officers. There
was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that was identified in connection with such evaluation
that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

24   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no legal proceedings against the
Company and the Company is unaware of such proceedings contemplated against it. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

During the past three years, the Company
has issued common shares pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 as follows: 

(2)  On January 13, 2014, 1,000,000 shares of common stock
were issued by the Registrant to Ban Siong Ang pursuant to a change of control in the Registrant. The aggregate consideration
paid for these shares was $100. 

(3)  From July 1, 2014 through September 1, 2014, 59,000,000
shares of common stock were issued by the Registrant to the shareholders named below pursuant to executed subscription agreements
under a Regulation D offering or other private placement of securities. Each of these transactions was issued as part of the private
placement of securities by the Registrant in which no underwriting discounts or commissions applied to any of the transactions
set forth below. The Registrant conducted such private placement offering in order to build a base of shareholders and establish
relationships with a variety of shareholders. Tiber Creek Corporation did not assist the Registrant in conducting the offering. 

(4)  On February 9, 2015, pursuant to the stock-for-stock
acquisition of Heyu Capital Ltd, the Registrant issued 1,000 shares of Common stock to Ban Siong Ang. 

ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

Not applicable. 

25   

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION 

(a)  
      Not applicable.   

During the quarter covered by this Report,
there have not been any material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 

(a)  
      Exhibits   

31  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS CORPORATION 

By:   /s/ Ban Siong Ang 

 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

By:   /s/ Ban Siong Ang 

 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

Dated:   October 3, 2016 

26   

<EX-31>
 2
 v449230_ex31.htm
 EXHIBIT 31

EXHIBIT 31 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

I,  Ban Siong Ang  certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation. 

2. Based on our knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on our knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and we are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and we have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 3, 2016 

/s/ Ban Siong Ang 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 v449230_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, the undersigned officer of  HEYU LEISURE HOLIDAYS
CORPORATION  (the  Company ), hereby certify to my knowledge that:  

The Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2016 of
the Company fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly represents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

/s/  Ban Siong Ang  

 Chief Executive Officer 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 Date: October 3, 2016 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 cik0001586573-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cik0001586573-20160630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cik0001586573-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cik0001586573-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cik0001586573-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cik0001586573-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

