<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_92521_0000092521-16-000031_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6258667</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>85827</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>349158</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1916696</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2927265</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>877814</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>35</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000092521-16-000031.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031101335
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000092521-16-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000092521
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				750575400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NM
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03789
		FILM NUMBER:		161960327

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SPS TOWER
		STREET 2:		TYLER AT SIXTH ST
		CITY:			AMARILLO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3035717511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 1261
		CITY:			AMARILLO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79170

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000092521-16-000031.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 sps9301610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C.  20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   Sept. 30, 2016    
  or 

Commission File Number: 001-03789 
  Southwestern Public Service Company 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   New Mexico 
      
    75-0575400 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

Tyler at Sixth 

Amarillo, Texas 
      
    79101 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip Code) 

(303) 571-7511 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     x   Yes       No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 and Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    x   Yes       No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                   Large accelerated filer     
      
    Accelerated filer     
      Non-accelerated filer   x 
      
    Smaller reporting company     
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).       Yes   x   No 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   

  Southwestern Public Service Company meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H (1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format specified in General Instruction H (2) to such Form 10-Q.                 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                     PART I       FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
      Item l       
     Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    3 
      
      Item 2      
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    20 
      
      Item 4      
     Controls and Procedures  
    24 

PART II       OTHER INFORMATION 
      
      Item 1       
     Legal Proceedings  
    24 
      
      Item 1A    
     Risk Factors  
    24 
      
      Item 4      
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    25 
      
      Item 5      
     Other Information  
    25 
      
      Item 6      
     Exhibits  
    25 

SIGNATURES  
    26 

Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 
    1 
      
      Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 
    1 
      
      Statement Pursuant to Private Litigation 
    1 

This Form 10-Q is filed by Southwestern Public Service Company, a New Mexico corporation (SPS). SPS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc.  Xcel Energy Inc. wholly owns the following subsidiaries: Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation (NSP-Minnesota); Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation (NSP-Wisconsin); Public Service Company of Colorado, a Colorado corporation (PSCo); and SPS.  NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin, PSCo and SPS are also referred to collectively as utility subsidiaries.  Additional information on Xcel Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, Xcel Energy) is available on various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 

Table of Contents  

PART 1       FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
  STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  (amounts in thousands) 

See Notes to Financial Statements 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
  STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  (amounts in thousands) 

See Notes to Financial Statements 

4 

Table of Contents  

SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
  (amounts in thousands) 

See Notes to Financial Statements 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
  BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
  (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See Notes to Financial Statements 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

SOUTHWESTERN PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY 
  Notes to Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 
    
  In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), the financial position of SPS as of   Sept. 30, 2016   and Dec. 31,   2015  ; the results of its operations, including the components of net income and comprehensive income, for the   three and nine   months ended   Sept. 30, 2016   and   2015  ; and its cash flows for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016   and   2015  .  All adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature, except as otherwise disclosed.  Management has also evaluated the impact of events occurring after   Sept. 30, 2016   up to the date of issuance of these financial statements.  These statements contain all necessary adjustments and disclosures resulting from that evaluation.  The Dec. 31,   2015   balance sheet information has been derived from the audited   2015   financial statements included in the SPS Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31,   2015  .  These notes to the financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.  Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP on an annual basis have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations.  For further information, refer to the financial statements and notes thereto, included in the SPS Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31,   2015  , filed with the SEC on Feb. 22, 2016.  Due to the seasonality of SPS  electric sales, interim results are not necessarily an appropriate base from which to project annual results. 

1. 
    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
       
  The significant accounting policies set forth in Note 1 to the financial statements in the SPS Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31,   2015  , appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of accounting policies and are incorporated herein by reference. 

2. 
    Accounting Pronouncements 
       
  Recently Issued 
    
  Revenue Recognition         In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued   Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Topic 606 (Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09)  , which provides a framework for the recognition of revenue, with the objective that recognized revenues properly reflect amounts an entity is entitled to receive in exchange for goods and services.  The new guidance also includes additional disclosure requirements regarding revenue, cash flows and obligations related to contracts with customers.  The guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after Dec. 15, 2017.  SPS is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 on its financial statements. 
    
  Presentation of Deferred Taxes     In November 2015, the FASB issued   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, Topic 740 (ASU No 2015-17)  , which eliminates the requirement to present deferred tax assets and liabilities as current and noncurrent on the balance sheet based on the classification of the related asset or liability, and instead requires classification of all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent.  This guidance will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after Dec. 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted.  Other than the prescribed classification of all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent, SPS does not expect the implementation of ASU 2015-17 to have a material impact on its financial statements. 
    
  Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments     In January 2016, the FASB issued   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities, Subtopic 825-10 (ASU No. 2016-01)  , which among other changes in accounting and disclosure requirements, replaces the cost method of accounting for non-marketable equity securities with a model for recognizing impairments and observable price changes, and also eliminates the available-for-sale classification for marketable equity securities.  Under the new guidance, other than when the consolidation or equity method of accounting is utilized, changes in the fair value of equity securities are to be recognized in earnings.  This guidance will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after Dec. 15, 2017.  SPS is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-01 on its financial statements. 
    
  Leases     In February 2016, the FASB issued   Leases, Topic 842 (ASU No. 2016-02)  , which, for lessees, requires balance sheet recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for all leases.  Additionally, for leases that qualify as finance leases, the guidance requires expense recognition consisting of amortization of the right-of-use asset as well as interest on the related lease liability using the effective interest method.  This guidance will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after Dec. 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted.  SPS is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-02 on its financial statements.   

7 

     Table of Contents  

Stock Compensation     In March 2016, the FASB issued   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, Topic 718 (ASU 2016-09),   which amends existing guidance to simplify several aspects of accounting and presentation for share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes and forfeitures, as well as presentation in the statement of cash flows.  This guidance will be effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after Dec. 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted.   SPS does not expect the implementation of ASU 2016-09 to have a material impact on its financial statements.   
    
  Recently Adopted 
    
  Consolidation         In February 2015, the FASB issued   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis, Topic 810 (ASU No. 2015-02)  , which reduces the number of consolidation models and amends certain consolidation principles related to variable interest entities.  SPS implemented the guidance on Jan. 1, 2016, and the implementation did not have a significant impact on its financial statements. 
    
  Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs         In April 2015, the FASB issued   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, Subtopic 835-30 (ASU No. 2015-03)  , which requires the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance sheet as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt, instead of presentation as an asset.  SPS implemented the new guidance as required on Jan. 1, 2016, and as a result,   $11.8 million   of deferred debt issuance costs were presented as a deduction from the carrying amount of long-term debt on the balance sheet as of March 31, 2016, and   $12.1 million   of such deferred costs were retrospectively reclassified from other non-current assets to long-term debt on the balance sheet as of Dec. 31, 2015.  
    
  Fair Value Measurement         In May 2015, the FASB issued   Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent), Topic 820 (ASU No. 2015-07),   which eliminates the requirement to categorize fair value measurements using a net asset value methodology in the fair value hierarchy.  SPS implemented the guidance on Jan. 1, 2016, and the implementation did not have a material impact on its financial statements.  

3. 
    Selected Balance Sheet Data 

4. 
    Income Taxes 
       
  Except to the extent noted below, Note 6 to the financial statements included in SPS  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015 appropriately represents, in all material respects, the current status of other income tax matters, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

8 

     Table of Contents  

Federal Audit     SPS is a member of the Xcel Energy affiliated group that files a consolidated federal income tax return.  In 2012, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) commenced an examination of tax years   2010 and 2011  , including a   2009   carryback claim.  As of Sept. 30, 2016, the IRS had proposed an adjustment to the federal tax loss carryback claims that would result in   $14 million   of income tax expense for the 2009 through 2011 claims, the 2013 through 2014 claims, and the anticipated claim for 2015.  In the fourth quarter of 2015, the IRS forwarded the issue to the Office of Appeals (Appeals). In 2016 the IRS audit team and Xcel Energy presented their cases to Appeals; however, the outcome and timing of a resolution is uncertain.  The statute of limitations applicable to Xcel Energy s   2009   through 2011 federal income tax returns, following extensions, expires in June 2017.  Xcel Energy has recognized its best estimate of income tax expense that will result from a final resolution of the IRS s proposed adjustment of the carryback claims.  SPS is not expected to accrue any income tax expense related to this adjustment.  In the third quarter of 2015, the IRS commenced an examination of tax years   2012 and 2013  .  As of Sept. 30, 2016, the IRS had not proposed any material adjustments to tax years 2012 and 2013. 
    
  State Audits     SPS is a member of the Xcel Energy affiliated group that files consolidated state income tax returns.  As of Sept. 30, 2016, SPS  earliest open tax year that is subject to examination by state taxing authorities under applicable statutes of limitations is   2009  .  In February 2016, Texas began an audit of years   2009 and 2010  .  As of Sept. 30, 2016, Texas had not proposed any adjustments, and there were no other state income tax audits in progress. 
    
  Unrecognized Tax Benefits     The unrecognized tax benefit balance includes permanent tax positions, which if recognized would affect the annual effective tax rate (ETR).  In addition, the unrecognized tax benefit balance includes temporary tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility.  A change in the period of deductibility would not affect the ETR but would accelerate the payment of cash to the taxing authority to an earlier period. 
    
  A reconciliation of the amount of unrecognized tax benefit is as follows: 

The unrecognized tax benefit amounts were reduced by the tax benefits associated with net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards.  The amounts of tax benefits associated with NOL and tax credit carryforwards are as follows: 

It is reasonably possible that SPS  amount of unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change in the next 12 months as the IRS Appeals and audit progress, the Texas audit progresses, and other state audits resume.  As the IRS Appeals, IRS audit, and Texas audits progress, it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefit could decrease up to approximately   $7 million  . 
    
  The payable for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is partially offset by the interest benefit associated with NOL and tax credit carryforwards.  The payables for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits at Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015 were not material.    No   amounts were accrued for penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of Sept. 30, 2016 or Dec. 31, 2015. 

5. 
    Rate Matters 
       
  Except to the extent noted below, the circumstances set forth in Note 10 to the financial statements included in SPS  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015 and in Note 5 to SPS  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of other rate matters, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

9 

     Table of Contents  

Pending Regulatory Proceedings   Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUCT) 
    
  Appeal of the Texas 2015 Electric Rate Case Decision     In 2014, SPS had requested an overall retail electric revenue rate increase of   $64.8 million  , which it subsequently revised to   $42.1 million  .  In 2015, the PUCT approved an overall rate decrease of approximately   $4.0 million  , net of rate case expenses.  In April 2016, SPS filed an appeal, with the Texas State District Court, of the PUCT s order that had denied SPS  request for rehearing on certain items in SPS  Texas 2015 electric rate case related to capital structure, incentive compensation and wholesale load reductions.  The hearing in the appeal is scheduled for February 2017. 
    
  Texas 2016 Electric Rate Case     In February 2016, SPS filed a retail electric, non-fuel rate case in Texas with each of its Texas municipalities and the PUCT requesting an overall increase in annual base rate revenue of approximately   $71.9 million  , or   14.4 percent  .  The filing is based on a historic test year (HTY) ended Sept. 30, 2015, a requested return on equity (ROE) of   10.25 percent  , an electric rate base of approximately   $1.7 billion  , and an equity ratio of   53.97 percent  .  In SPS  required update filing in April 2016, SPS revised its requested rate increase to   $68.6 million  .   
    
  Pursuant to legislation passed in Texas in 2015, the final rates established in the case will be effective retroactive to July 20, 2016.  
    
  In August 2016, several intervenors filed direct testimony in response to SPS  rate request, including: PUCT Staff (Staff), the Alliance of Xcel Municipalities (AXM), the Office of Public Utility Counsel (OPUC), Texas Industrial Energy Consumers (TIEC), and the State of Texas  agencies.   

The Staff recommended a rate increase of approximately   $32.9 million  , based on a ROE of   9.30 percent   and an equity ratio of   51 percent  .  The Staff s proposed rate increase reflects imputed revenues for power factor adjustment charges and weather normalization; 
                
    AXM recommended a rate increase of approximately   $25.2 million  , based on a ROE of   9.40 percent   and an equity ratio of   51 percent  ; and   
                
    The other intervenors did not present a complete revenue requirement analysis.  The majority of the direct testimony focused on specific cost allocation and rate design issues.  However, OPUC and TIEC recommended ROEs of   9.20 percent   and   9.15 percent  , respectively. 
       
  In October 2016, SPS and various parties reached an agreement in principle in the Texas rate case.  SPS and the parties are documenting the settlement, and expect to file with the PUCT in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Any settlement would require approval of the PUCT, with a decision expected by the end of 2016 or early 2017. 
    
  Pending Regulatory Proceedings   New Mexico Public Regulation Commission (NMPRC) 
    
  New Mexico 2015 Electric Rate Case     In October 2015, SPS filed an electric rate case with the NMPRC seeking an increase in non-fuel base rates of   $45.4 million  .  The proposed increase would be offset by a decrease in base fuel revenue of approximately   $21.1 million  .  The rate filing was based on a June 30, 2015 HTY adjusted for known and measurable changes, a requested ROE of   10.25 percent  , an electric rate base of approximately   $734 million   and an equity ratio of   53.97 percent  .  
    
  In August 2016, the NMPRC approved a black-box stipulation that resulted in a non-fuel base rate increase of   $23.5 million   and a decrease in base fuel revenue of approximately   $21.1 million  .  The decrease in base fuel revenue will be reflected in adjustments to the fuel and purchased power cost adjustment clause.  
    
  SPS plans to file another base rate case in November 2016 utilizing a future test year ending June 2018.  
    
  Pending Regulatory Proceedings   Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) 
    
  Southwest Power Pool, Inc. (SPP) Open Access Transmission Tariff (OATT) Upgrade Costs     Under the SPP OATT, costs of participant-funded, or  sponsored,  transmission upgrades may be recovered, in part, from other SPP customers whose transmission service depends on capacity enabled by the upgrade.  The SPP OATT has allowed SPP to collect charges since 2008, but to date SPP has not charged its customers any amounts attributable to these upgrades.   

10 

     Table of Contents  

In April 2016, SPP filed a request with the FERC for a waiver that would allow SPP to recover the charges not billed since 2008.  The FERC approved the waiver request in July 2016.  SPS and certain other parties requested rehearing of the FERC order.  In September 2016, SPP provided further information regarding additional costs, primarily due to the system-wide claw back of point to point revenues previously distributed to SPS and other entities.  Amounts due to SPP are expected to be paid over a   five  -year period commencing November 2016 under an optional payment plan that was approved by the FERC in September 2016 and elected by SPS in October 2016.  Based on SPP s calculation in October 2016, estimated costs would be approximately   $12 million   to   $14 million  , and SPS anticipates these costs would be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 

6. 
    Commitments and Contingencies 
       
  Except to the extent noted below and in Note 5 above, the circumstances set forth in Notes 10 and 11 to the financial statements included in SPS  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31,   2015  , and in Note 6 to SPS  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of commitments and contingent liabilities, and are incorporated herein by reference.  The following include commitments, contingencies and unresolved contingencies that are material to SPS  financial position. 
    
  Purchased Power Agreements (PPAs) 
    
  Under certain PPAs, SPS purchases power from independent power producing entities that own natural gas fueled power plants for which SPS is required to reimburse natural gas fuel costs, or to participate in tolling arrangements under which SPS procures the natural gas required to produce the energy that it purchases.  These specific PPAs create a variable interest in the associated independent power producing entity. 
    
  SPS had approximately   897   megawatts (MW) and   827   MW of capacity under long-term PPAs as of   Sept. 30, 2016   and Dec. 31,   2015  , with entities that have been determined to be variable interest entities.  SPS has concluded that these entities are not required to be consolidated in its financial statements because it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities  economic performance.  These agreements have expiration dates through   2041  . 
    
  Environmental Contingencies 
    
  Environmental Requirements 
    
  Air 
  Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR)     CSAPR addresses long range transport of particulate matter (PM) and ozone by requiring reductions in sulfur dioxide (SO   2   ) and nitrogen oxide (NOx) from utilities in the eastern half of the United States, including Texas, using an emissions trading program.  
    
  CSAPR was adopted to address interstate emissions impacting downwind states  attainment of the 1997 ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS) and the 1997 and 2006 particulate NAAQS.  As the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) revises the NAAQS, it will consider whether to make any further reductions to CSAPR emission budgets and whether to change which states are included in the emissions trading program.  In December 2015, the EPA proposed adjustments to CSAPR emission budgets which address attainment of the more stringent 2008 ozone NAAQS.  In September 2016, the EPA adopted a final rule that reduced the ozone season emission budget for NOx in Texas by approximately   22 percent  , which is expected to lead to increased costs to purchase emission allowances.  SPS does not anticipate these increased costs to purchase emission allowances will have a material impact on the results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
    
  Regional Haze Rules     The regional haze program is designed to address widespread haze that results from emissions from a multitude of sources.  In 2005, the EPA amended the best available retrofit technology (BART) requirements of its regional haze rules, which require the installation and operation of emission controls for industrial facilities emitting air pollutants that reduce visibility in national parks and wilderness areas.  Under BART, regional haze plans identify facilities that will have to reduce SO   2   , NOx and PM emissions and set emission limits for those facilities.  BART requirements can also be met through participation in interstate emission trading programs such as the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) and its successor, CSAPR. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

Texas developed a state implementation plan (SIP) that finds the CAIR equal to BART for electric generating units (EGUs).  As a result, no additional controls beyond CAIR compliance would be required.  In December 2014, the EPA proposed to approve the BART portion of the SIP, with substitution of CSAPR compliance for Texas  reliance on CAIR.  In January 2016, the EPA adopted a final rule that defers its approval of CSAPR compliance as BART until the EPA considers further adjustments to CSAPR emission budgets under the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit s (D.C. Circuit) remand of the Texas SO   2    emission budgets.  In March 2016, the EPA requested information under the Clean Air Act related to EGUs at SPS  plants.  SPS identified Harrington Units 1 and 2, Jones Units 1 and 2, Nichols Unit 3 and Plant X Unit 4 as BART-eligible units.  These units will be evaluated based on their impact on visibility.  Additional emission control equipment under the EPA s BART guidelines for PM, SO   2    and NOx could be required if a unit is determined to  cause or contribute  to visibility impairment.  SPS cannot evaluate the impact of additional emission controls until the EPA concludes its evaluation of BART.  In June 2016, the EPA issued a memorandum which allows Texas to voluntarily adopt the CSAPR emission budgets limiting annual SO   2    and NOx emissions and rely on those emission budgets to satisfy Texas  BART obligations under the regional haze rules.  It is not yet known whether the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) intends to utilize this option.  If Texas does not opt into the CSAPR rule, the EPA is expected to issue a proposed rule in December 2016 that could impact Harrington Units 1 and 2. 
    
  In December 2014, the EPA proposed to disapprove portions of the SIP and instead adopt a federal implementation plan (FIP).  In January 2016, the EPA adopted a final rule establishing a FIP for the state of Texas, which imposed SO   2    emission limitations that reflect the installation of dry scrubbers on Tolk Units 1 and 2, with compliance required by February 2021.  Investment costs associated with dry scrubbers could be approximately   $600 million  .  In March 2016, SPS appealed the EPA s decision and asked for a stay of the final rule while it is being reviewed.  In July 2016, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit (Fifth Circuit) granted the stay motion and decided that the Fifth Circuit, not the D.C. Circuit, is the appropriate venue for this case.  In addition, SPS filed a petition with the EPA requesting reconsideration of the final rule.  SPS believes these costs or the costs of alternative cost-effective generation would be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms if required, and therefore does not expect a material impact on results of operations, financial position or cash flows.   
    
  Implementation of the NAAQS for SO   2      The EPA adopted a more stringent NAAQS for SO   2    in 2010.  The EPA is requiring states to evaluate areas in   three   phases.  The first phase includes areas near SPS  Tolk and Harrington plants.  The Tolk and Harrington Plants utilize low sulfur coal to reduce SO   2    emissions.  In June 2016, the EPA issued final designations which found the area near the Tolk plant to be meeting the NAAQS and the area near the Harrington plant as  unclassifiable.   The area near the Harrington plant is to be monitored for   three years   and a final designation is expected to be made by December 2020.   
    
  If an area is designated nonattainment in 2020, the states will need to evaluate all SO   2    sources in the area.  The state would then submit an implementation plan, which would be due by 2022, designed to achieve the NAAQS by 2025.  The TCEQ could require additional SO   2    controls at Harrington as part of such a plan.  SPS cannot evaluate the impacts until the designation of nonattainment areas is made, and any required state plans are developed.  SPS believes that should SO   2    control systems be required for a plant, compliance costs or the costs of alternative cost-effective generation will be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms and therefore does not expect a material impact on results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
    
  In light of the continuing development of environmental regulatory requirements, as well as the more favorable long term outlook for alternative resources, SPS is undertaking analysis to determine the most cost-effective means to meet the needs of its customers, given a low natural gas price environment, the need to make additional investments to provide water to the Tolk facility and the potential need to make major investments in air pollution control equipment. 
    
  Legal Contingencies 
    
  SPS is involved in various litigation matters that are being defended and handled in the ordinary course of business.  The assessment of whether a loss is probable or is a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events.  Management maintains accruals for such losses that are probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation.  Management is sometimes unable to estimate an amount or range of a reasonably possible loss in certain situations, including but not limited to when (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories.  In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss.  For current proceedings not specifically reported herein, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liabilities, if any, arising from such current proceedings would have a material effect on SPS  financial statements.  Unless otherwise required by GAAP, legal fees are expensed as incurred. 

12 

Table of Contents  

7. 
    Borrowings and Other Financing Instruments 
       
  Short-Term Borrowings 
    
  Money Pool     Xcel Energy Inc. and its utility subsidiaries have established a money pool arrangement that allows for short-term investments in and borrowings between the utility subsidiaries.  Xcel Energy Inc. may make investments in the utility subsidiaries at market-based interest rates; however, the money pool arrangement does not allow the utility subsidiaries to make investments in Xcel Energy Inc.  Money pool borrowings for SPS were as follows: 

Commercial Paper     SPS meets its short-term liquidity requirements primarily through the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings under its credit facility.  Commercial paper outstanding for SPS was as follows: 

Letters of Credit     SPS uses letters of credit, generally with terms of   one year  , to provide financial guarantees for certain operating obligations.  At   Sept. 30, 2016   and Dec. 31,   2015  , there were   $5 million   and   $7 million  , respectively, of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility.  The contract amounts of these letters of credit approximate their fair value and are subject to fees. 
    
  Credit Facility     In order to use its commercial paper program, SPS must have a credit facility in place at least equal to the amount of its commercial paper borrowing limit and cannot issue commercial paper in an aggregate amount exceeding available credit facility capacity.  The line of credit provides short-term financing in the form of notes payable to banks, letters of credit and back-up support for commercial paper borrowings. 
    
  At   Sept. 30, 2016  , SPS had the following committed credit facility available (in millions of dollars): 

(b)   
    Includes outstanding letters of credit. 
       
  All credit facility bank borrowings, outstanding letters of credit and outstanding commercial paper reduce the available capacity under the credit facility.  SPS had   no   direct advances on the credit facility outstanding at   Sept. 30, 2016   and Dec. 31,   2015  . 
    
  Amended Credit Agreements   - In June 2016, SPS entered into an amended five-year credit agreement with a syndicate of banks.  The total borrowing limit under the amended credit agreement remained at   $400 million  .  The amended credit agreement has substantially the same terms and conditions as the prior credit agreement with the following exceptions: 
              
    The Eurodollar borrowing margins on these lines of credit were reduced to a range of 75 to 150 basis points per year, from a range of 87.5 to 175 basis points per year, based upon applicable long-term credit ratings.  
                
    The commitment fees, calculated on the unused portion of the lines of credit, were reduced to a range of 6 to 22.5 basis points per year, from a range of 7.5 to 27.5 basis points per year, also based on applicable long-term credit ratings.   
       
  SPS has the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility termination date for two additional one-year periods, subject to majority bank group approval. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

Long-Term Borrowings  
    
  In August 2016, SPS issued   $300 million   of   3.4 percent   first mortgage bonds due   Aug. 15, 2046  . 

8. 
    Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 
       
  Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The accounting guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures provides a single definition of fair value and requires certain disclosures about assets and liabilities measured at fair value.  A hierarchical framework for disclosing the observability of the inputs utilized in measuring assets and liabilities at fair value is established by this guidance. The three levels in the hierarchy are as follows: 
    
  Level 1   Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the measurement date.  The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 1 are highly liquid and actively traded instruments with quoted prices. 
    
  Level 2   Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.  The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 2 are typically either comparable to actively traded securities or contracts, or priced with models using highly observable inputs. 
    
  Level 3   Significant inputs to pricing have little or no observability as of the reporting date.  The types of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 are those valued with models requiring significant management judgment or estimation. 
    
  Specific valuation methods include the following: 
    
  Cash equivalents       The fair values of cash equivalents are generally based on cost plus accrued interest; money market funds are measured using quoted prices. 
    
  Interest rate derivatives         The fair values of interest rate derivatives are based on broker quotes that utilize current market interest rate forecasts. 
    
  Commodity derivatives         The methods used to measure the fair value of commodity derivative forwards and options utilize forward prices and volatilities, as well as pricing adjustments for specific delivery locations, and are generally assigned a Level 2.  When contractual settlements extend to periods beyond those readily observable on active exchanges or quoted by brokers, the significance of the use of less observable forecasts of long-term forward prices and volatilities on a valuation is evaluated, and may result in Level 3 classification. 
    
  Electric commodity derivatives held by SPS include transmission congestion instruments purchased from the SPP, referred to as financial transmission rights (FTRs).  FTRs purchased from a regional transmission organization (RTO) are financial instruments that entitle or obligate the holder to monthly revenues or charges based on transmission congestion across a given transmission path.  The value of an FTR is derived from, and designed to offset, the cost of energy congestion, which is caused by transmission load and transmission constraints.  Congestion is also influenced by the operating schedules of power plants and the consumption of electricity.  Unplanned plant outages, scheduled plant maintenance, changes in the costs of fuels used in generation, weather and changes in demand for electricity can each impact the operating schedules of the power plants and the value of an FTR.  The valuation process for FTRs utilizes complex iterative modeling to predict the impacts of forecasted changes in these drivers of transmission system congestion on the historical pricing of FTR purchases.   
    
  If forecasted costs of electric transmission congestion increase or decrease for a given FTR path, the value of that particular FTR instrument will likewise increase or decrease.  Given the limited observability of management s forecasts for several of the inputs to this complex valuation model fair value measurements for FTRs have been assigned a Level 3.  Monthly settlements for non-trading FTRs are expected to be recovered through fuel and purchased energy cost recovery mechanisms, and therefore changes in the fair value of the yet to be settled portions of FTRs are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability.  Given this regulatory treatment and the limited magnitude of FTRs relative to the electric utility operations of SPS, the numerous unobservable quantitative inputs to the complex model used for valuation of FTRs are insignificant to the financial statements of SPS. 

14 

     Table of Contents  

Derivative Instruments Fair Value Measurements 
    
  SPS enters into derivative instruments, including forward contracts, for trading purposes and to manage risk in connection with changes in interest rates and electric utility commodity prices. 
    
  Interest Rate Derivatives     SPS may enter into various instruments that effectively fix the interest payments on certain floating rate debt obligations or effectively fix the yield or price on a specified benchmark interest rate for an anticipated debt issuance for a specific period.  These derivative instruments are generally designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. 
    
  At Sept. 30, 2016, accumulated other comprehensive losses related to interest rate derivatives included   $0.1 million   of net losses expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months as the related hedged interest rate transactions impact earnings, including forecasted amounts for unsettled hedges, as applicable. 
    
  Wholesale and Commodity Trading Risk     SPS conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy and energy-related instruments.  SPS  risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee. 
    
  Commodity Derivatives     SPS enters into derivative instruments to manage variability of future cash flows from changes in commodity prices in its electric utility operations, as well as for trading purposes.  This could include the purchase or sale of energy or energy-related products and FTRs. 
    
  The following table details the gross notional amounts of commodity FTRs at Sept. 30, 2016 and Dec. 31, 2015: 

(a)   
    Amounts are not reflective of net positions in the underlying commodities. 
       
  Impact of Derivative Activities on Income and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss     Pre-tax losses related to interest rate derivatives reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings were   $0.1 million   for the three months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015, and   $0.2 million   for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015. 
    
  During the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, changes in the fair value of FTRs resulted in pre-tax net gains of   $0.2 million   and   $2.0 million  , respectively and were recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities.  For the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015, changes in the fair value of FTRs resulted in pre-tax net losses of   $0.7 million   and   $2.7 million  , respectively, recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities.  The classification as a regulatory asset or liability is based on expected recovery of FTR settlements through fuel and purchased energy cost recovery mechanisms. 
    
  FTR settlement losses of   $0.4 million   and   $3.7 million   were recognized for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016, recorded to electric fuel and purchased power.  For the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2015, FTR settlement losses of   $0.7 million   and   $2.3 million  , respectively, were recognized and recorded to electric fuel and purchased power.  These derivative settlement gains and losses are shared with electric customers through fuel and purchased energy cost-recovery mechanisms, and reclassified out of income as regulatory assets or liabilities, as appropriate. 
    
  SPS had   no   derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges during the three and nine months ended  Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015.  Therefore,   no   gains or losses from fair value hedges or related hedged transactions were recognized for these periods. 
    
  Consideration of Credit Risk and Concentrations     SPS monitors the creditworthiness of the counterparties to its interest rate derivatives and commodity derivative contracts prior to settlement, and assesses each counterparty s ability to perform on the transactions.  Given this assessment, as well as an assessment of the impact of SPS  own credit risk when determining the fair value of derivative liabilities, the impact of considering credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of unsettled commodity derivatives presented in the balance sheets. 
    
  SPS employs additional credit risk control mechanisms , such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, standardized master netting agreements and termination provisions that allow for offsetting of positive and negative exposures.  Credit exposure is monitored and, when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. 

15 

     Table of Contents  

SPS  most significant concentrations of credit risk are contracts with counterparties to its wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity and transmission activities.  At Sept. 30, 2016,   seven   of the most significant counterparties, comprising   $41.1 million   or   46 percent   of this credit exposure, were not rated by Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, Moody s Investor Services or Fitch Ratings, but based on SPS  internal analysis, had credit quality consistent with investment grade.  Another of these significant counterparties, comprising   $0.4 million   or   1 percent   of this credit exposure, had credit quality less than investment grade, based on ratings from external analysis.    Seven   of these significant counterparties are RTOs, municipal or cooperative electric entities or other utilities. 
    
  Recurring Fair Value Measurements     The following table presents for each of the fair value hierarchy levels, SPS  derivative assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at Sept. 30, 2016: 

(a)    
    In 2003, as a result of implementing new guidance on the normal purchase exception for derivative accounting, SPS began recording several long-term PPAs at fair value due to accounting requirements related to underlying price adjustments.  As these purchases are recovered through normal regulatory recovery mechanisms in the respective jurisdictions, the changes in fair value for these contracts were offset by regulatory assets and liabilities.  During 2006, SPS qualified these contracts under the normal purchase exception.  Based on this qualification, the contracts are no longer adjusted to fair value and the previous carrying value of these contracts will be amortized over the remaining contract lives along with the offsetting regulatory assets and liabilities. 
               (b)    
    SPS nets derivative instruments and related collateral in its balance sheet when supported by a legally enforceable master netting agreement, and all derivative instruments and related collateral amounts were subject to master netting agreements at Sept. 30, 2016.  At Sept. 30, 2016, derivative assets and liabilities include   no   obligations to return cash collateral or rights to reclaim cash collateral.  The counterparty netting amounts presented exclude settlement receivables and payables and non-derivative amounts that may be subject to the same master netting agreements. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents for each of the fair value hierarchy levels, SPS  derivative assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at Dec. 31, 2015: 

(a)   
    In 2003, as a result of implementing new guidance on the normal purchase exception for derivative accounting, SPS began recording several long-term PPAs at fair value due to accounting requirements related to underlying price adjustments.  As these purchases are recovered through normal regulatory recovery mechanisms in the respective jurisdictions, the changes in fair value for these contracts were offset by regulatory assets and liabilities.  During 2006, SPS qualified these contracts under the normal purchase exception.  Based on this qualification, the contracts are no longer adjusted to fair value and the previous carrying value of these contracts will be amortized over the remaining contract lives along with the offsetting regulatory assets and liabilities. 
               (b)   
    SPS nets derivative instruments and related collateral in its balance sheet when supported by a legally enforceable master netting agreement, and all derivative instruments and related collateral amounts were subject to master netting agreements at Dec. 31, 2015.  At Dec. 31, 2015, derivative assets and liabilities include   no   obligations to return cash collateral or rights to reclaim cash collateral.  The counterparty netting amounts presented exclude settlement receivables and payables and non-derivative amounts that may be subject to the same master netting agreements. 
       
  The following table presents the changes in Level 3 commodity derivatives for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015: 

17 

     Table of Contents  

SPS recognizes transfers between levels as of the beginning of each period.  There were   no   transfers of amounts between levels for derivative instruments for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016 and 2015. 
    
  Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
    
  As of   Sept. 30, 2016   and Dec. 31,   2015  , other financial instruments for which the carrying amount did not equal fair value were as follows:   

            (a)   
    Amounts reflect the classification of debt issuance costs as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt.  See Note 2,   Accounting Pronouncements   for more information on the adoption of ASU 2015-03. 
       
  The fair value of SPS  long-term debt is estimated based on recent trades and observable spreads from benchmark interest rates for similar securities.  The fair value estimates are based on information available to management as of   Sept. 30, 2016   and Dec. 31,   2015  , and given the observability of the inputs to these estimates, the fair values presented for long-term debt have been assigned a Level 2. 

9. 
    Other Income, Net 
       
  Other income, net consisted of the following: 

10. 
    Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
       
  Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) 

18 

     Table of Contents  

In January 2016, contributions of   $125.0 million   were made across   four   of Xcel Energy s pension plans, of which   $18.0 million   was attributable to SPS.  Xcel Energy does not expect additional pension contributions during 2016. 

11. 
    Other Comprehensive Income 
       
  Changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, for the three and   nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016   and 2015 were as follows: 

Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2015 
      (Thousands of Dollars) 
    Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges 
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss at July 1 
    $ 
    (904 
    ) 
      Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    44 
      
      Net current period other comprehensive income 
    44 
      
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Sept. 30 
    $ 
    (860 
    ) 

19 

     Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2015 
      (Thousands of Dollars) 
    Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges 
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Jan. 1 
    $ 
    (989 
    ) 
      Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    129 
      
      Net current period other comprehensive loss 
    129 
      
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Sept. 30 
    $ 
    (860 
    ) 

Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss for the three and   nine months ended Sept. 30, 2016   and 2015 were as follows: 

(a)   
    Included in interest charges. 

Item 2   MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Discussion of financial condition and liquidity for SPS is omitted per conditions set forth in general instructions H (1) (a) and (b) of Form 10-Q for wholly owned subsidiaries. It is replaced with management s narrative analysis of the results of operations set forth in general instructions H (2) (a) of Form 10-Q for wholly owned subsidiaries (reduced disclosure format). 

Financial Review 
    
  The following discussion and analysis by management focuses on those factors that had a material effect on SPS  financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows during the periods presented, or are expected to have a material impact in the future. It should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited financial statements and the related notes to the financial statements.  Due to the seasonality of SPS  electric sales, such interim results are not necessarily an appropriate base from which to project annual results. 

20 

Table of Contents  

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  Except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein, are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Such forward-looking statements are intended to be identified in this document by the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   objective,   outlook,   plan,   project,   possible,   potential,   should  and similar expressions.  Actual results may vary materially.  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information.  The following factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in other securities filings (including SPS  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2015 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016), could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: general economic conditions, including inflation rates, monetary fluctuations and their impact on capital expenditures and the ability of SPS to obtain financing on favorable terms; business conditions in the energy industry; including the risk of a slow down in the U.S. economy or delay in growth, recovery, trade, fiscal, taxation and environmental policies in areas where SPS has a financial interest; customer business conditions; actions of credit rating agencies; competitive factors including the extent and timing of the entry of additional competition in the markets served by SPS; unusual weather; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cyber security threats and data security breaches; state, federal and foreign legislative and regulatory initiatives that affect cost and investment recovery, have an impact on rates or have an impact on asset operation or ownership or impose environmental compliance conditions; structures that affect the speed and degree to which competition enters the electric and natural gas markets; costs and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; financial or regulatory accounting policies imposed by regulatory bodies; outcomes of regulatory proceedings; availability of cost of capital; and employee work force factors. 

Results of Operations 
    
  SPS  net income was approximately   $123.1 million   for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  , compared with net income of approximately   $104.6 million   for the same period in   2015  .  Higher electric margins and lower operating and maintenance (O M) expenses were partially offset by an increase in depreciation. 
    
  Electric Revenues and Margin 
    
  Electric fuel and purchased power expenses tend to vary with changing retail and wholesale sales requirements and unit cost changes in fuel and purchased power.  The design of fuel and purchased power cost recovery mechanisms of the Texas and New Mexico jurisdictions may not allow for complete recovery of all expenses and, therefore, changes in fuel or purchased power costs can impact earnings.  The following tables detail the electric revenues and margin: 

The following tables summarize the components of the changes in electric revenues and electric margin for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  : 
    
  Electric Revenues 

21 

     Table of Contents  

Electric Margin 

Non-Fuel Operating Expense and Other Items 
    
  O M Expenses     O M expenses decreased   $17.4 million  , or   7.9 percent  , for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  .  The decrease was mainly due to the timing and scope of plant outages. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization     Depreciation and amortization increased   $15.3 million  , or   14.2 percent  , for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  .  The increase was primarily attributable to capital investments. 
    
  Taxes (Other Than Income Taxes)     Taxes (other than income taxes) increased   $2.9 million  , or   6.8 percent  , for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  .  The increase was primarily due to higher property taxes. 
    
  Allowance for funds used during construction (AFUDC)         AFUDC increased   $2.5 million  , for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  .  The increase was primarily due to the increase in construction projects. 
    
  Interest Charges     Interest charges increased   $3.6 million  , or   5.7 percent  , for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  .  The increase was primarily due to higher long-term debt levels, partially offset by refinancings at lower interest rates. 
    
  Income Taxes     Income tax expense increased   $5.2 million  , for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  , compared with the same period in   2015  .  The increase in income tax expense was primarily due to higher pretax earnings in 2016, partially offset by a tax benefit for prior year adjustments in 2016.  The ETR was   34.9 percent   for the   nine months ended     Sept. 30, 2016  , compared with   36.7 percent   for the same period in   2015  .  The lower ETR in 2016 was primarily due to the adjustments referenced above. 

Public Utility Regulation 
    
  Except to the extent noted below, the circumstances set forth in Public Utility Regulation included in Item 1 of SPS  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015, appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of public utility regulation, and are incorporated herein by reference.  
    
  TUCO Substation to Yoakum County Substation to Hobbs Plant Substation 345 Kilovolt (KV) Transmission Line         In June 2015, SPS filed a certificate of convenience and necessity (CCN) with the PUCT for the 33-mile Yoakum County to Texas/New Mexico State line portion of this 345 KV line project.  The PUCT approved this CCN in March 2016.  A CCN for the 111-mile TUCO to Yoakum County substation segment was filed in June 2016.  Assuming approval of this CCN, this segment is scheduled to be in service in 2019.  A 20-mile CCN for the Texas/New Mexico state line to Hobbs Plant segment is planned to be filed in the fourth quarter of 2016 or early 2017.  The estimated project cost for all three segments is approximately $242 million. 
    
  Wholesale Customer Participation in Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT)     In March 2016, the PUCT Staff requested comments on Lubbock Power   Light s (LP L s) proposal to transition a portion of its load (approximately 430 MW on a peak basis) to the ERCOT in June 2019.  LP L s proposal would result in an approximate seven percent reduction of load in SPS, or a loss of approximately $18 million in wholesale transmission revenue based on 2015 revenue requirements.  The remaining portion of LP L s load (approximately 170 MW) would continue to be served by SPS.  Should LP L join ERCOT, costs to SPS  remaining customers would increase as SPS  transmission costs would be spread across a smaller base of customers.  

22 

     Table of Contents  

The PUCT has indicated there will be a two-step process regarding LP L s possible transfer to ERCOT.  The first step will be a proceeding to determine whether the proposed transfer is in the public interest and to consider certain protections for non-LP L customers who would be affected by LP L s transfer.  If the PUCT determines the transfer is in the public interest, the second step will be for LP L to file a CCN application for transmission facilities to connect with ERCOT.  As part of the first process, the PUCT asked SPP and ERCOT to perform reliability and economic studies to better understand the implications of LP L s proposal.  SPS intends to participate in the PUCT s processes to protect its customers  interests. 
    
  In May 2016, SPS submitted a filing to the FERC seeking approval to impose an Interconnection Switching Fee (exit fee) associated with LP L s proposal.  In September 2016, FERC dismissed SPS  petition without prejudice to refile, finding the petition premature since LP L has not made a final decision to move to ERCOT and the terms of the transition, if any, have not been determined. 

Summary of Recent Federal Regulatory Developments 
    
  The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration  
    
  Pipeline Safety Act     The Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act (Pipeline Safety Act) requires additional verification of pipeline infrastructure records by pipeline owners and operators to confirm the maximum allowable operating pressure of lines located in high consequence areas or more-densely populated areas.  In April 2016, the United States Department of Transportation Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) released proposed rules that address this verification requirement along with a number of other significant changes to gas transmission regulations.  These changes include requirements around use of automatic or remote-controlled shut-off valves; testing of certain previously untested transmission lines; and expanding integrity management requirements. The Pipeline Safety Act also includes a maximum penalty for violating pipeline safety rules of $2 million per day for related violations.   
    
  SPS continues to analyze the proposed rule changes as they relate to costs, current operations and financial results.  PHMSA has indicated that they intend for the rules to go into effect in late 2017 or early 2018.   
    
  While SPS cannot predict the ultimate impact Pipeline Safety Act will have on its costs, operations or financial results, it is taking actions that are intended to comply with the Pipeline Safety Act and any related PHMSA regulations as they become effective. 
    
  FERC 
    
  The FERC has jurisdiction over rates for electric transmission service in interstate commerce and electricity sold at wholesale, asset transactions and mergers, accounting practices and certain other activities of SPS, including enforcement of North American Electric Reliability Corporation mandatory electric reliability standards.  State and local agencies have jurisdiction over many of SPS  activities, including regulation of retail rates and environmental matters.  See additional discussion in the summary of recent federal regulatory developments and public utility regulation sections of the SPS Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2015 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016.  In addition to the matters discussed below, see Note 5 to the financial statements for a discussion of other regulatory matters. 
    
  FERC Order, New ROE Policy     The FERC has adopted a new two-step ROE methodology for electric utilities.  The issue of how to apply the new FERC ROE methodology is being contested in various complaint proceedings.  FERC issued an order in the first litigated Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. (MISO) ROE complaint in September 2016 and is not expected to issue an order in the remaining litigated MISO ROE complaint proceeding until 2017.  
    
  Formula Rate Treatment of Accumulated Deferred Income Taxes (ADIT)     In 2015, SPS filed changes to its transmission formula rates to comply with IRS guidance regarding how ADIT must be reflected in formula rates using future test years and a true-up.  The filings were intended to ensure that SPS is in compliance with IRS rules and may continue to use accelerated tax depreciation.   
    
  Golden Spread protested the proposed changes to the SPS transmission formula rate.  In April 2016, FERC accepted the SPS formula rate changes, subject to a compliance filing.  SPS submitted the compliance filing in May 2016.  In August 2016, FERC approved the SPS compliance filing. 
    
  SPP and MISO Complaints Regarding RTO Joint Operating Agreement (JOA)     SPP and MISO were involved in a long-running dispute regarding the interpretation of their JOA, which is intended to coordinate RTO operations along the MISO/SPP system boundary.  SPP and MISO disagreed over MISO s authority to transmit power between the traditional MISO region in the Midwest and the Entergy system.  Several cases were filed with the FERC by MISO and SPP between 2011 and 2014.  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

In January 2016, the FERC approved a settlement between SPP, MISO and other parties that resolves various disputed matters and provides a defined settlement compensation plan by MISO to SPP. MISO will pay SPP $16 million for the two-year retroactive period (February 2014 to January 2016) and $16 million annually prospectively starting Feb. 1, 2016, subject to a true-up.  In January 2016, SPP filed a proposal regarding distribution of the MISO revenues to SPP members, including SPS.  In March 2016, the FERC issued an order rejecting one component of the SPP filing, accepting the remainder of the SPP tariff proposal subject to refund.  In August 2016, MISO and other parties filed a settlement regarding the April 2014 MISO tariff change filing to recover SPP JOA charges in MISO rates.  The settlement is pending FERC approval.  The JOA revenue allocated to SPS under the filed SPP proposal was not expected to be material. 

Item 4       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  SPS maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms.  In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer (CEO) and chief financial officer (CFO), allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  As of   Sept. 30, 2016  , based on an evaluation carried out under the supervision and with the participation of SPS  management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and the procedures, the CEO and CFO have concluded that SPS  disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  Effective January 2016, SPS implemented the general ledger modules of a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system to improve certain financial and related transaction processes. During 2016 and 2017, SPS will continue implementing additional modules and expects to begin conversion of existing work management systems to this new ERP system. In connection with this ongoing implementation, SPS has updated and will continue updating its internal control over financial reporting, as necessary, to accommodate modifications to its business processes and accounting procedures. SPS does not expect the implementation of the additional modules to materially affect its internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  No changes in SPS  internal control over financial reporting occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, SPS  internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  SPS is involved in various litigation matters that are being defended and handled in the ordinary course of business.  The assessment of whether a loss is probable or is a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events.  Management maintains accruals for such losses that are probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation.  Management is sometimes unable to estimate an amount or range of a reasonably possible loss in certain situations, including but not limited to when (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories.  In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss. 
    
  Additional Information 
    
  See Note 6 to the financial statements for further discussion of legal claims and environmental proceedings.  See Note 5 to the financial statements for a discussion of proceedings involving utility rates and other regulatory matters. 

Item 1A   RISK FACTORS 
    
  SPS  risk factors are documented in Item 1A of Part I of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   Dec. 31, 2015  , which is incorporated herein by reference. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Form 10-K. 

24 

Table of Contents  

Item 4           MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  None. 

Item 5           OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 

Item 6   EXHIBITS 
                 *  
    Indicates incorporation by reference 
      + 
    Executive Compensation Arrangements and Benefit Plans Covering Executive Officers and Directors 

25 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Southwestern Public Service Company 

Oct. 31, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ JEFFREY S. SAVAGE 

Jeffrey S. Savage 

Senior Vice President, Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL 

Robert C. Frenzel 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

26 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 spsex3101q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.01 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Ben Fowke, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Southwestern Public Service Company; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   Oct. 31, 2016 
                   
    /s/ BEN FOWKE 
        
    Ben Fowke 
        
    Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

1 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 spsex3102q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.02 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Robert C. Frenzel, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Southwestern Public Service Company; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
     Date:   Oct. 31, 2016                   
    /s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL 
        
    Robert C. Frenzel 
        
    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

2 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 spsex3201q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.01 
    
  OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Southwestern Public Service Company (SPS) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   Sept. 30, 2016  , as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (Form 10-Q), each of the undersigned officers of SPS certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 

(2) 
    The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SPS as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-Q. 
       
  Date:   Oct. 31, 2016 
                   
    /s/ BEN FOWKE 
        
    Ben Fowke 
        
    Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ ROBERT C. FRENZEL 
        
    Robert C. Frenzel 
        
    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to SPS and will be retained by SPS and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
  
   1 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-99.01>
 5
 spsex9901q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.01

Exhibit 

Exhibit 99.01 
    
  SPS Cautionary Factors 
    
  The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act provides a  safe harbor  for forward-looking statements to encourage such disclosures without the threat of litigation, providing those statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful, cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those projected in the statement.  Forward-looking statements are made in written documents and oral presentations of SPS, Xcel Energy Inc. or any of its other subsidiaries.  These statements are based on management s beliefs as well as assumptions and information currently available to management.  Such forward-looking statements are intended to be identified in this document by the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   objective,   outlook,   plan,   project,   possible,   potential,   should  and similar expressions.  In addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with such forward-looking statements, factors that could cause SPS  actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 

Economic conditions, including inflation rates, monetary fluctuations and their impact on capital expenditures; 
                
    The risk of a significant slowdown in growth or decline in the U.S. economy, the risk of delay in growth recovery in the U.S. economy or the risk of increased cost for insurance premiums, security and other items as a consequence of past or future terrorist attacks; 
                
    Trade, monetary, fiscal, taxation and environmental policies of governments, agencies and similar organizations in geographic areas where SPS has a financial interest; 
                
    Customer business conditions, including demand for their products or services and supply of labor and materials used in creating their products and services; 
                
    Financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies imposed by the FASB, the SEC, the FERC and similar entities with regulatory oversight; 
                
    Availability or cost of capital such as changes in: interest rates; market perceptions of the utility industry, SPS, Xcel Energy Inc. or any of its other subsidiaries; or security ratings; 
                
    Factors affecting utility operations such as unusual weather conditions; catastrophic weather-related damage; unscheduled generation outages, maintenance or repairs; unanticipated changes to fossil fuel or natural gas supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, transportation problems or other developments; environmental incidents; cyber incidents; or electric transmission or natural gas pipeline constraints; 
                
    Employee workforce factors, including loss or retirement of key executives, collective-bargaining agreements with union employees, or work stoppages; 
                
    Increased competition in the utility industry or additional competition in the markets served by SPS, Xcel Energy Inc. and its other subsidiaries; 
                
    State and federal legislative and regulatory initiatives that affect cost and investment recovery, have an impact on rate structures and affect the speed and degree to which competition enters the electric market; industry restructuring initiatives; transmission system operation and/or administration initiatives; recovery of investments made under traditional regulation; nature of competitors entering the industry; retail wheeling; a new pricing structure; and former customers entering the generation market; 
                
    Environmental laws and regulations, including legislation and regulations relating to climate change, and the associated cost of compliance; 
                
    Rate-setting policies or procedures of regulatory entities, including environmental externalities, which are values established by regulators assigning environmental costs to each method of electricity generation when evaluating generation resource options; 
                
    Social attitudes regarding the utility and power industries; 
                
    Cost and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; 
                
    Technological developments that result in competitive disadvantages and create the potential for impairment of existing assets; 
                
    Risks associated with implementation of new technologies; and 
                
    Other business or investment considerations that may be disclosed from time to time in SEC filings, including  Risk Factors  in Item 1A of SPS  Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31,   2015  , or in other publicly disseminated written documents. 
       
   SPS undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  The foregoing review of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. 
  
   1 

</EX-99.01>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 sps-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sps-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sps-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sps-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sps-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sps-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

