<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-K_edgar_data_1556801_0001640334-16-001877_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2577900</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143820</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>367419</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>398606</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>911369</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>655764</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-16-001877.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028214733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-16-001877
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001556801
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				273816969
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55233
		FILM NUMBER:		161959845

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		203-1634 HARVEY AVENUE
		CITY:			KELOWNA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V1Y 6G2
		BUSINESS PHONE:		250-860-8599

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		203-1634 HARVEY AVENUE
		CITY:			KELOWNA
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V1Y 6G2

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OCONN INDUSTRIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-16-001877.txt : 20161031

10-K
 1
 dimn_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
   dimn_10k.htm          UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549       FORM 10 K       ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES    EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934      For the fiscal year ended  July 31, 2016       Commission file number: 000-55233                Diamante Minerals Inc.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                Nevada           27-3816969       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)         (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)              203-1634 Harvey Avenue  Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada V1Y 6G2      (Address of principal executive offices)             250-860-8599      (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)                 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)         Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes o No x     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes o No x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes o No x     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation SK ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10K or any amendment to this Form 10K. o     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one).             Large accelerated filer o         Accelerated filer o      Non-accelerated filer o         Smaller reporting company x      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)             Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No o      As of October 28, 2016, there were 52,042,286 shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $0.001, outstanding.                        
              DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.        FORM 10-K    FOR THE YEAR ENDED JULY 31, 2016     TABLE OF CONTENTS                        PAGE                       PART I                      Item 1.     Business     3      Item 1A.     Risk Factors     5      Item 1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments     10      Item 2     Properties     10      Item 3.     Legal Proceedings     13      Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures      13                     PART II                      Item 5.     Market for Registrant s Common Equity Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities     14      Item 6.     Selected Financial Data     14      Item 7.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     15      Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About market Risk     20      Item 8.     Financial Statements     20      Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure     20      Item 9A.     Controls and Procedures     20      Item 9B.     Other Information     22                     PART III                      Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance     23      Item 11.     Executive Compensation     25      Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters     26      Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence     27      Item 14.     Principal Accountants Fees and Services     27                     PART IV                      Item 15.     Exhibits. Financial Statement Schedules     29                     SIGNATURES      44                               
      Table of Contents            PART I       As used in this Annual Report on Form 10K (this "Report"), references to the "Company," the "Registrant," "we," "our" or "us" refer to Diamante Minerals, Inc., unless the context otherwise indicates .      Our Company qualifies as an  emerging growth company  as defined in section 3(a) of the Exchange Act, and we will continue to qualify as an  emerging growth company  until the earliest to occur of: (a) the last day of the fiscal year during which our Company has total annual gross revenues of US$1,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Securities and Exchange Commission) or more; (b) the last day of the fiscal year of our Company following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the Company pursuant to an effective registration statement under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (c) the date on which our Company has, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than US$1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or (d) the date on which the Company is deemed to be a  large accelerated filer , as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b 2. We filed a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act on November 8, 2012, which was declared effective by the SEC on March 11, 2013. Therefore, we will continue to qualify as an emerging growth company only until July 31, 2018 (being the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common stock pursuant to the Form S-1, unless we otherwise cease to qualify as an emerging growth company.      Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information      Certain statements contained in this report, including statements regarding the anticipated development and expansion of our business, our intent, belief or current expectations, primarily with respect to the future operating performance of the Company and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical facts, are "forward-looking" statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by those that are not historical in nature, particularly those that use terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expects," "anticipates," "contemplates," "estimates," "believes," "plans," "projected," "predicts," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of these similar terms. Future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, future press releases and future oral or written statements made by us or with our approval, which are not statements of historical fact, may contain forward-looking statements. Because such statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made, except as required by federal securities and any other applicable law.       Item 1. Business.         Overview       We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 26, 2010. On March 11, 2014, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to (i) change our name from "Oconn Industries Corp." to "Diamante Minerals, Inc." and (ii) increase the number of authorized shares of our common stock from 75,000,000 shares to 300,000,000 shares.     On February 10, 2014, we entered into a letter agreement with Mineracao Batovi Ltda. ( Mineracao Batovi ), a Brazilian mineral exploration and mining company, to acquire up to a 75% interest in a diamond exploration project located to the north of Paranatinga in Mato Grosso, Brazil (the "Batovi Diamond Project") and form a joint venture valued at approximately $12 million. The letter agreement has been superseded by our definitive agreement with Mineracao Batovi that was executed and delivered on November 20, 2014. As described in more detail below, we will be required to contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi in order to acquire an initial 20% equity interest in that company. Mineracao Batovi holds the mineral claims underlying the Batovi Diamond Project. We may earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by funding a further $2,000,000 of exploration expenses no later than November 20, 2017.     Our Company is an exploration stage company; at present, there is no assurance that a commercially viable mineral deposit exists on the properties comprising the Batovi Diamond Project in which we hold the right to earn up to a 75% indirect interest, as described in more detail below.                  3       
      Table of Contents          As discussed elsewhere in this annual report, pursuant to an agreement dated January 22, 2016, we have acquired a limited royalty on the first 2,000 ounces of gold that may be produced per month at Petaquilla Minerals Ltd. s Molejon Gold Mine located in Donoso District, Colon Province, Republic of Panama. Our royalty right is contingent on our advancing to Blendcore LLC, as borrower and as the operator of certain proposed operations at the Molejon Gold Mine, the final tranche of a loan in the total principal amount of $250,000. The funds are to be advanced in accordance with a budget for the restart of processing of stockpiled ore at the Mine, which has been annexed to the loan agreement dated January 22, 2016 among our Company, Blendcore and Petaquilla Minerals  subsidiary, Petaquilla Gold, S.A. As of July 31, 2016, our Company had advanced $215,000 to Blendcore under the loan agreement.     We currently have no interests in any other mineral exploration projects, and we are a shell company for the purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.       Competition       The mining industry is intensely competitive in all its phases and the Company competes with other companies that have greater financial resources and technical capacity. The Company continues to compete with a number of companies for the acquisition of mineral properties. The ability for the Company to replace or increase its mineral reserves and mineral resources in the future will depend on its ability to develop its present properties and also to select and acquire economic producing properties or prospects for diamond extraction.       Licenses, permits and approvals       The Company's operations require licenses, permits and approvals from various governmental authorities. Such licenses and permits are subject to change in various circumstances and certain permits and approvals are required to be renewed from time to time. Additional permits or permit renewals will need to be obtained in the future. The granting, renewal and continued effectiveness of these permits and approvals are, in most cases, subject to some level of discretion by the applicable regulatory authority. Certain governmental approval and permitting processes are subject to public comment and can be appealed by project opponents, which may result in significant delays or in approvals being withheld or withdrawn.     Should the Company not be able to obtain or maintain all necessary licenses and permits as are required to explore and develop its properties, commence construction or operation of mining facilities and properties under exploration or development, or to maintain continued operations that economically justify the cost, it could materially and adversely affect the Company's operations.      Foreign operations risk      The Company's current potential significant projects are located in Brazil. Foreign countries exposes the Company to risks that may not otherwise be experienced if its operations were domestic. The risks include, but are not limited to, environmental protection, land use, water use, health safety, labor, restrictions on production, price controls, currency remittance, and maintenance of mineral tenure and expropriation of property. For example, changes to regulations in Brazil relating to royalties, allowable production, importing and exporting of diamonds and environmental protection, may result in the Company not receiving an adequate return on investment capital.     Although the operating environments in Brazil is considered favorable compared to those in other developing countries, there are still political risks. These risks include, but are not limited to: terrorism, hostage taking, military repression, expropriation, extreme fluctuations in currency exchange rates, high rates of inflation and labor unrest. Changes in mining or investment policies or shifts in political attitudes in these countries may also adversely affect the Company's business. In addition, there may be greater exposure to a risk of corruption and bribery (including possible prosecution under the federal Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act). Also, in the event of a dispute arising in foreign operations, the Company may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts and may be hindered or prevented from enforcing its rights. Furthermore, it is possible that future changes in taxes in any of the countries in which the Company operates will adversely affect the Company's operations and economic returns.       Intellectual Property       We have no intellectual property.                 4       
      Table of Contents            Employees       We have no employees other than our executive officer, who is our sole director, and our chief financial officer. All functions including development, strategy, negotiations and administration are currently being provided by our executive officer.       Item 1A. Risk Factors         We have identified the following material risks and uncertainties which reflect our outlook and conditions known to us as of the date of this Annual Report. These material risks and uncertainties should be carefully reviewed by our stockholders and any potential investors in evaluating the Company, our business and the market value of our common stock. Furthermore, any one of these material risks and uncertainties has the potential to cause actual results, performance, achievements or events to be materially different from any future results, performance, achievements or events implied, suggested or expressed by any forward-looking statements made by us    or by persons acting on our behalf.         There is no assurance that we will be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any one or more of the following material risks and uncertainties may cause on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results, which may result in a significant decrease in the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, there is no assurance that these material risks and uncertainties represent a complete list of the material risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties of a material nature that, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, we are unaware of or that we consider immaterial that may become material in the future, any one or more of which may result in a material adverse effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any one of these material risks and uncertainties.        Risks Related to Our Company and Business        Evaluating our future performance may be difficult since we are a shell company with negative cash flow and accumulated deficit to date.        We have entered into a Joint Venture Agreement dated November 20, 2014 pursuant to which we are required to contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi Ltda., a Brazilian company which holds the mineral claims underlying the Batovi Diamond Project, in return for a 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi. However, we are a shell company (as such term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), and, since our inception on October 26, 2010 through July 31, 2016, we have incurred a net loss of $1,440,558. As a result of our limited financial and operating history, including our negative cash flow and net losses to date, it may be difficult to evaluate our future performance.       T    here     is no assurance that we will be successful in securing financing, and     substantial doubt exists as to our ability to continue our operations over     the next twelve months.       The continuation of our Company as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate financing. We anticipate that we will need $2,400,000 to fund the next 12 months of our operations, which amount includes the $1,000,000 in cash that we would have to contribute to Mineracao Batovi in order to earn our initial 20% interest in that company, and the balance of $35,000 that we have agreed to advance to Blendcore LLC as part of a loan in the total principal amount of $250,000. However, given our limited financial and operating history and our status as a shell company, there is no assurance that we will be successful in securing any form of financing. Accordingly, substantial doubt exists as to whether we will be able to continue our operations over the next twelve months.       Even if we are successful in acquiring our initial interest in Mineracao Batovi, our reliance on equity financings is expected to continue, and t    here     is no assurance that such financing will be available when required.       Even if we are successful in acquiring our initial interest in Mineracao Batovi, our reliance on equity financings is expected to continue for the foreseeable future, and the availability of such financing will be dependent on many factors beyond our control including, but not limited to, the market price of diamonds, the volatility in the global financial markets affecting our stock price and the status of the worldwide economy, any one of which may cause significant challenges in our ability to access additional financing, including access to the equity and credit markets.                  5       
      Table of Contents            Diamond exploration and mining activities are inherently subject to numerous significant risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ significantly from expectations or anticipated amounts.     Furthermore, exploration programs     conducted on the Batovi Diamond Project may not result in the establishment of ore bodies     that contain commercially recoverable diamonds    .       Diamond exploration and mining activities are inherently subject to numerous significant risks and uncertainties, many beyond our control, including, but not limited to: (i) unanticipated ground and water conditions; (ii) unusual or unexpected geological formations; (iii) the occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions and other force majeure events; (iv) lower than expected ore grades; (v) industrial accidents; (vi) delays in the receipt of or failure to receive necessary government permits; (vii) delays in transportation; (viii) availability of contractors and labor; (ix) government permit restrictions and regulation restrictions; (x) unavailability of materials and equipment; and (xi) the failure of equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations. These risks and uncertainties could result in: delays, reductions or stoppages in exploration or development work and any future mining activities; increased capital and/or extraction costs; damage to, or destruction of, the Batovi Diamond Project, extraction facilities or other properties; personal injuries; environmental damage; monetary losses; and legal claims.     Success in diamond exploration and mining is dependent on many factors, including, without limitation, the experience and capabilities of a company s management, the availability of geological expertise and the availability of sufficient funds to conduct the exploration program. Even if an exploration program is successful and commercially recoverable diamond- or gold-bearing ore bodies are established, it may take a number of years from the initial phases of drilling and identification of the mineralization until extraction is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of extraction may change such that the diamonds cease to be economically recoverable.      Diamond exploration is frequently non-productive due, for example, to poor exploration results or the inability to establish ore bodies that contain commercially recoverable diamonds, in which case the project may be abandoned and written-off. Furthermore, Mineracao Batovi will not be able to benefit from exploration efforts and recover the expenditures that are incurred on exploration programs if Mineracao Batovi does not establish ore bodies that contain commercially recoverable diamonds and develop the Batovi Diamond Project into profitable mining activities, and there is no assurance that Mineracao Batovi will be successful in doing so.     Whether an ore body contains commercially recoverable diamonds depends on many factors including, without limitation: (i) the particular attributes, including material changes to those attributes, of the ore body such as size, grade, recovery rates and proximity to infrastructure; (ii) the market price of diamonds, which may be volatile; and (iii) government regulations and regulatory requirements including, without limitation, those relating to environmental protection, permitting and land use, taxes, land tenure and transportation.       Our ability to earn a royalty in respect of gold produced from the Molejon Gold Mine is subject to certain risks and contingencies, including the ability of the operator to recover sufficient quantities of gold from stockpiled ore over the life of the royalty from the planned processing operations.       In regards to the Loan Agreement with Blendcore and Petaquilla Gold, our Company bears the risk that the planned processing of stockpiled ore at the Molejon Gold Mine will not recover sufficient quantities of gold to cover the repayment of the loan, in either the initial royalty term or, if needed, the extended royalty term. The loan has been guaranteed by Petaquilla Gold, as the title holder of the property, and is secured by a first charge over that portion of stockpiled ore on the title holder s mine site. Should the agreement reach this point, our Company would bear the same risks faced by Blendcore and Petaquilla Gold, as operator and title holder, respectively, of having to process the stockpiled ore including, without limitation (i) the particular attributes, including material changes to those attributes, of the stockpile such as recovery rates and ability to procure infrastructure to process it; (ii) the market price of gold, which may be volatile; and (iii) government regulations and regulatory requirements including, without limitation, those relating to environmental protection, taxes, land tenure and transportation.       Petaquilla Minerals Ltd., the indirect owner of the Molejon Gold Mine, was delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange in 2015 and has had its registration under section 12 of the Exchange Act revoked. It is unclear what impact, if any, Petaquilla Minerals  circumstances   including any potential solvency issues - will have on the planned ore processing operations at the Molejon Gold Mine, or on Petaquilla Gold s interests in the Molegjon Gold Mine.                       6       
      Table of Contents          Petaquilla Gold, the owner of minerals sourced from the Molejon Gold Mine, is a subsidiary of Petaquilla Minerals Ltd., a British Columbia company whose common shares were delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange in 2015, and whose registration under the Exchange Act was revoked by the SEC on September 23, 2016 pursuant to section 12(j) of the Exchange Act. Petaquilla Minerals  ability to continue as a going concern is unclear to our Company s management, and it is unclear what impact, if any, Petaquilla Minerals  circumstances   including any potential solvency issues - will have on the planned ore processing operations at the Molejon Gold Mine, and whether Petaquilla Gold s interests in the Molejon Gold Mine will be subject to claims by third parties.       We do not insure against all of the risks we face in our operations.       In general, where coverage is available and not prohibitively expensive relative to the perceived risk, we will maintain insurance against such risk, subject to exclusions and limitations. We currently maintain insurance against certain risks including general commercial liability claims and certain physical assets used in our operations, subject to exclusions and limitations, however, we do not maintain insurance to cover all of the potential risks and hazards associated with our operations.  We may be subject to liability for environmental, pollution or other hazards associated with our or Mineracao Batovi s exploration activities, which we may not be insured against, which may exceed the limits of our insurance coverage or which we may elect not to insure against because of high premiums or other reasons. Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that any insurance coverage we currently have will continue to be available at reasonable premiums or that such insurance will adequately cover any resulting liability.       Mineracao Batovi holds mineral rights in Brazil, a foreign jurisdiction which could be subject to additional risks due to political, taxation, economic and cultural factors.       Our business plan contemplates our acquisition of an initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi, a company incorporated in Brazil. Operations in foreign jurisdictions outside of the U.S., especially in developing countries, may be subject to additional risks as they may have different political, regulatory, taxation, economic and cultural environments that may adversely affect the value or continued viability of our rights. These additional risks include, but are not limited to: (i) changes in governments or senior government officials; (ii) changes to existing laws or policies on foreign investments, environmental protection, mining and ownership of mineral interests; (iii) renegotiation, cancellation, expropriation and nationalization of existing permits or contracts; (iv) foreign currency controls and fluctuations; and (v) civil disturbances, terrorism and war.     In the event of a dispute arising from our anticipated future involvement in the Batovi Diamond Project, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or may not be successful in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdiction of the courts in the United States or Canada. We may also be hindered or prevented from enforcing our rights with respect to a government entity or instrumentality because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity. Any adverse or arbitrary decision of a foreign court may have a material and adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.       The title to Mineracao Batovi s mineral property interests may be challenged.       Although we have undertaken reasonable due diligence to confirm that Mineracao Batovi has taken reasonable measures to ensure proper title to its interests in the Batovi Diamond Project and other assets, there is no guarantee that the title to any of such interests will not be challenged. No assurance can be given that Mineracao will be able to secure the grant or the renewal of existing mineral rights and tenures on terms satisfactory to it, or that governments in the jurisdictions in which it operates will not revoke or significantly alter such rights or tenures or that such rights or tenures will not be challenged or impugned by third parties, including local governments, aboriginal peoples or other claimants. Mineracao Batovi s mineral properties may be subject to prior unregistered agreements, transfers or claims, and title may be affected by, among other things, undetected defects. A successful challenge to the precise area and location of Mineracao Batovi s claims could result in it being unable to explore or operate on its properties as permitted or being unable to enforce its rights with respect to its properties.       We depend on certain key personnel, and our success will depend on our continued ability to retain and attract such qualified personnel.       Our success is dependent on the efforts, abilities and continued service of certain senior officers and key employees and consultants. A loss of service from any one of these individuals may adversely affect our operations, and we may have difficulty or may not be able to locate and hire a suitable replacement.                 7       
      Table of Contents            Certain directors and officers may be subject to conflicts of interest.       Our sole director, who also serves as our Chief Executive Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer are involved in other business ventures including similar capacities with other private or publicly-traded companies. Such individuals may have significant responsibilities to these other business ventures, including consulting relationships, which may require significant amounts of their available time. Conflicts of interest may include decisions on how much time to devote to our business affairs and what business opportunities should be presented to us. For example, a conflict of interest might arise where our sole director or our Chief Financial Officer becomes aware of a corporate opportunity that would be interest not only to our Company, but also to another mining company of which he or she is also a director or officer; or it is foreseeable that our Company could become involved in a mineral property option or joint venture agreement in respect of a mineral exploration or mine development project in which such a company holds an interest. For a description of the directorships and/or offices held by our sole director and our Chief Financial Officer in other companies engaged in natural resource exploration and development and related industries, please see the discussion under the heading,   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Directors and Executive Officers .        The laws of the State of Nevada and our Articles of Incorporation may protect our directors and officers from certain types of lawsuits.       The laws of the State of Nevada provide that our sole director and officers will not be liable to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for all but certain types of conduct as directors and officers of the Company. Our Bylaws provide for broad indemnification powers to all persons against all damages incurred in connection with our business to the fullest extent provided or allowed by law. These indemnification provisions may require us to use our limited assets to defend our directors and officers against claims, and may have the effect of preventing stockholders from recovering damages against our directors and officers caused by their negligence, poor judgment or other circumstances.       Our sole director and our officers are residents outside of the U.S., and it may be difficult for stockholders to enforce within the U.S. any judgments obtained against such director or officers.       Our sole director, who also serves as our Chief Executive Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer are nationals and/or residents of countries other than the U.S., and all or a substantial portion of such persons' assets are located outside of the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process on such director and officers, or enforce within the U.S. any judgments obtained against such director and officers, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the U.S. or any state thereof. Consequently, stockholders may be effectively prevented from pursuing remedies against such director and officers under U.S. federal securities laws. In addition, stockholders may not be able to commence an action in a Canadian court predicated upon the civil liability provisions under U.S. federal securities laws.       Our management has determined that our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial reporting are not effective. In any event disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed and operated, are designed to obtain reasonable, and not absolute, assurance as to its reliability and effectiveness.       Management s evaluation on the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures is designed to ensure that information required for disclosure in our public filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis to our senior management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are properly authorized, assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use and transactions are properly recorded and reported. Our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, and our internal control over financial reporting, were ineffective as of the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2016. In any event, any system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, is based in part upon certain assumptions designed to obtain reasonable, and not absolute, assurance as to its reliability and effectiveness. Our failure to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures may result in our inability to continue meeting our reporting obligations in a timely manner, qualified audit opinions or restatements of our financial reports, any one of which may affect the market price for our common stock and our ability to access the capital markets.                 8       
      Table of Contents           Risks Related to Our Common Stock        Broker-dealers may be discouraged from effecting transactions in our common shares because they are considered a penny stock and are subject to the penny stock rules. This could severely limit the market liquidity of the shares.       Our common stock currently constitutes  penny stock . Subject to certain exceptions, for the purposes relevant to us,  penny stock  includes any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share. Rules 15g-1 through 15g-9 promulgated under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on certain brokers-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a  penny stock.  In particular, a broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or  accredited investor  (generally, an individual with net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together with his or her spouse), must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A broker-dealer is also required to disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, a broker-dealer is required to send monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect to the penny stock held in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks.      The additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon broker-dealers may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our shares, which could severely limit the market liquidity of the shares and impede the sale of our shares in the secondary market.        In the event that an investment in our shares is for the purpose of deriving dividend income or in expectation of an increase in market price of our shares from the declaration and payment of dividends, the investment will be compromised because we do not intend to pay dividends.        We have never paid a dividend to our shareholders and we intend to retain our cash for the continued development of our business. Accordingly, we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, a return on investment will be solely determined by the ability to sell the shares in the secondary market.        Historically, the market price of our common stock has been and may continue to fluctuate significantly.       Our stock is thinly traded and trading in our stock is volatile. In addition, the global markets generally have experienced significant and increased volatility in the past, and have been impacted by the effects of mass sub-prime mortgage defaults and liquidity problems of the asset-backed commercial paper market, resulting in a number of large financial institutions requiring government bailouts or filing for bankruptcy. The effects of these past events and any similar events in the future may continue to or further affect the global markets, which may directly affect the market price of our common stock and our accessibility for additional financing. Although this volatility may be unrelated to specific company performance, it can have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares which, historically, has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future.     In addition to the volatility associated with general economic trends and market conditions, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly due to the impact of any one or more events, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) our inability to raise the financing required to fund the acquisition of our initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi; (ii) changes in the global market for diamonds; (iii) failure to meet market expectations on Mineracao Batovi s exploration activities; (iv) sales of a large number of our shares held by certain stockholders including institutions and insiders; (v) legal claims brought forth against us; and (vi) introduction of technological innovations by competitors or in competing technologies.       A prolonged decline in the market price of our common stock could affect our ability to obtain additional financing which would adversely affect our operations.       Historically, we have relied on equity financing as the primary source of funding. A prolonged decline in the market price of our common stock or a reduction in our accessibility to the global markets may result in our inability to secure the financing required to fund the acquisition of our initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi, or to seek additional financing, which would have an adverse effect on our operations.              9       
      Table of Contents            Additional issuances of our common stock may result in significant dilution to our existing shareholders and reduce the market value of their investment.       We are authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of common stock of which 52,042,286 shares were issued and outstanding as of October 28, 2016. Future issuances for financings, mergers and acquisitions, exercise of stock options and share purchase warrants and for other reasons may result in significant dilution to and be issued at prices substantially below the price paid for our shares held by our existing stockholders. Significant dilution would reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power held by our existing stockholders, and may result in a decrease in the market price of our shares.       Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments       Not applicable.       Item 2. Properties       Our executive offices are located at 203   1634 Harvey Ave, Kelowna, BC, Canada, V1Y 6G2. We believe that this office space will be adequate for the foreseeable future.     As described under the heading  Plan of Operation  below, our Company has entered into a definitive Joint Venture Agreement with Mineracao Batovi pursuant to which we may acquire up to a 75% interest in the Batovi Diamond Project. This project covers 21 claims held by Mineraco Batovi as federal exploration licenses, covering a total area of approximately 109,688 hectares, as more particularly described in the following table and map:                          We currently hold no direct or indirect interest in the Batovi Diamond Project. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, we are required to contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi in order to acquire our initial 20% equity interest in that company. As Mineracao Batovi holds the rights to the Batovi Diamond Project, our interest in the Batovi Diamond Project would be limited to our shareholdings in Mineracao Batovi.        The Batovi Diamond Project       The Batovi Diamond Project is located in the State of Mato Grosso, in west-central Brazil, approximately 360 kilometers northeast of Cuiaba, the state capital.                 The Batovi Diamond Project is accessible from Cuiaba by main and secondary roads. One would travel east from Cuiaba on paved road BR-070 220 kilometers to Primavera do Leste before heading 140 kilometers north on partially paved road MT-130 to Paranatinga. An all-weather gravel road connects Paranatinga to the project area, which lies 120 kilometers to the north.     In addition, Paranatinga has an airport that is suitable for charter aircraft.     Currently there is no plant or equipment on the project site.     In Brazil, exploration licenses are issued by the Director General of the Departamento Nacional de Produ  o Mineral (translated as the National Department of Mineral Production and referred to in this quarterly report as the  DNPM ). An exploration license is granted for an initial term of up to three years and can be renewed once if the license holder submits an interim report on the exploration work completed to date which justifies further exploration.      An annual exploration fee must be paid to the DNPM to keep an exploration license in good standing. The exploration fee is assessed at the rate of R$2.02 per hectare for each year during the initial term of the license, and at the rate of R$3.95 per hectare for each year during the renewal term. Mineracao Batovi has provided documentation to us evidencing that its exploration licenses comprising the Batovi Diamond Project are in good standing.           The Batovi Diamond Project represents an opportunity for the potential discovery of primary diamond bearing kimberlite intrusives. Due diligence documents provided by Mineraco Batovi confirm that the general area is host to over 40 known kimberlite intrusives which were discovered by DeBeers and Rio Tinto who explored the area between 1967 to about 1997. Historically, a number of the kimberlites were evaluated as possible sources of large, high quality alluvial diamonds found in the area in small, artisanal alluvial mining operations. Although limited testing of the discovered kimberlites returned a few small stones from some of the kimberlites, they were generally not found to be significantly diamondiferous. This suggests that diamond bearing kimberlites which are the source of the large alluvial diamonds found in the project area have yet to be discovered.      Mineracao Batovi has followed up this historic work with limited exploration activities at a cost of approximately CDN$4.7 million, and has identified possible individual diamond indicator mineral trains on the property.      Since we have not funded the $1,000,000 payment required to be made to Mineracao Batovi in order to acquire our initial 20% equity interest in the Batovi Diamond Project, we are not in a position to assume our duties as the operator as contemplated by the Joint Venture Agreement. However, if we are able to fund such $1,000,000, we anticipate that a majority of the proceeds will be applied to fund exploration work aimed at defining the potential source kimberlites of the indicator mineral trains.     Typically, geophysical surveys are used to locate potential kimberlites. Geophysical surveys measure the physical properties of the rocks below them. It is hoped that the kimberlites would have contrasting physical properties to the surrounding rocks. The proposed geophysical survey would detect both the conductivity and magnetic signature of the underlying rocks. It is expected that the kimberlites would differ from the surrounding host rocks in terms of these physical properties.     If we earn our initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi and assume our role as the operator of the project, we anticipate that our first step will be to commission an airborne electromagnetic geophysical survey over certain areas preliminarily identified by Mineracao Batovi as having the potential to host diamond bearing kimberlites. Mobilizing an airborne survey system to the project area could take a couple of months after execution of the survey contract. The airborne survey itself should take less than a month. Thereafter, the survey data will have to be extensively manipulated to allow its use. We anticipate that such analytical manipulation would require one to two months to complete. We estimate that the airborne survey will cost approximately $500,000.     Any priority targets identified by the airborne survey will need to be tested, likely by drilling. The length and scope of any such drill program   and the appropriate drill and associated equipment required - will depend on the nature and number of targets, but we anticipate that it would likely take several months to complete. Until the results of the geophysical survey are complete, it is difficult to ascertain what the cost of this target testing phase will be, but we estimate that the initial round of drilling will likely cost between $300,000 to $500,000.     Any future work would be contingent upon the initial round of testing generating positive results. Should a kimberlite be discovered with potentially economic diamond content, we expect that the next phases of work would be delineation drilling followed by bulk sampling and, if warranted, a feasibility study.     The Batovi Diamond Project is centered on the perennial Batovi River; it is conceivable that this would provide a water source for any future operations. We have not investigated what steps would be required or what arrangements will have to be made to secure water rights.     There is currently no power grid at the project area. If future exploration activities justify development at the project site which will give rise to substantial power requirements, diesel generators will have to be installed, or arrangements will have to be made to fund the extension of the power grid from Paranatinga which is located 120 kilometers to the south of the project area.       Item 3. Legal Proceedings       There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5% of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company.        Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.             PART II         Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.         Market Information       Our common stock has been quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol "OCOO" since July 29, 2013 and "DIMN" subsequent to April 2014 in connection with the forward split. Prior to July 29, 2014, there was no active market for our common stock.      The market for our common stock is limited and can be volatile. The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices relating to our common stock on the OTCQB on a quarterly basis for the periods indicated, as reported by OTC Markets Group. The quotations reflect interdealer prices, without retail markup, markdown or commission, and may not represent actual transactions.           The last reported bid price of our common stock on the OTCQB on October 27, 2016 was $0.1843.       Dividend Policy       The Company has never paid dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate that it will pay dividends in the foreseeable future. It intends to use any future earnings for the expansion of its business. Any future determination of applicable dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend on the results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant.       Holders       As of October 28, 2016, there were 52,042,286 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which were held by 27 stockholders of record.       Equity Compensation Plans       We do not have any equity compensation plans.       Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities       There were no sales of unregistered securities that were not previously reported.       Purchases of Equity Securities by the Small Business Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers       None.       Item 6. Selected Financial Data.       Not applicable.             Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.       The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's financial statements, which are included  elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10K. Certain statements contained in this Annual Report, including statements regarding the development of the Company's business, the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers, primarily with respect to the future operating performance of the Company and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not historical facts, are "forward-looking" statements. Because such statements include risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.       Plan of Operation       As described above, on November 20, 2014, we entered into a formal joint venture agreement (the  Joint Venture Agreement ) with Mineracao Batovi which contemplates the Company acquiring an interest in Mineracao Batovi to develop, finance and operate the Batovi Diamond Project. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, we must contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi in order to acquire an initial 20% equity interest in that company. Mineracao Batovi holds the mineral claims underlying the Batovi Diamond Project. We may earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by funding a further $2,000,000 of exploration expenses no later than November 20, 2017.      The Joint Venture Agreement provides that Mineracao Batovi is to be managed by a board of directors comprised of two representatives from each of our Company and Mineracao Batovi, provided that if we fail to earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by November 20, 2017, the board of directors will be comprised of three representatives of the existing Mineracao Batovi management and one representative of our Company. We will cease to be entitled to any representation on Mineracao Batovi's board of directors if our Company s equity interest is reduced to 10% or less.      Certain specified matters are subject to the approval of at least three of the four members of Mineracao Batovi's board of directors, including the adoption of the project's annual budget and any amendments thereto, the scope and purpose of a feasibility study for the Batovi project (including the determination that the study is positive), and the decision to mine and commence commercial production.     Until we earn the additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi, and so long as we elect to participate in the joint venture, we will bear 100% of Mineracao Batovi s expenses (up to the total amount of $3,000,000, including Diamante s initial $1,000,000 contribution to Mineracao Batovi), provided that all such expenses are first approved in writing by our Company s representatives on Mineracao Batovi s board of directors.     The parties originally agreed to cause the joint venture company to engage Kel-Ex Development Ltd., a privately-held British Columbia corporation that is under common control with Mineracao Batovi, to carry out exploration activities on the Batovi Diamond Project in accordance with approved budgets. Kel-Ex was to be entitled to charge a 10% administration fee on all exploration expenditures incurred under $50,000 and 5% on all exploration expenditures incurred over $50,000. In addition, we have issued 2,700,000 fully-paid and non-assessable common shares to Kel-Ex Development under the Joint Venture Agreement. By our Company's letter agreement dated February 27, 2015, effective upon acceptance by Mineracao Batovi and Kel-Ex on March 9, 2015, the parties amended the Joint Venture Agreement to provide that the Company would be engaged to act as operator of the Batovi Diamond Project on terms whereby our Company will be entitled to charge a 10% administration fee on all exploration expenditures incurred under $50,000 and 5% on all exploration expenditures incurred over $50,000. Our Company has discretion to subcontract with third parties, including Kel-Ex, to enable it to fulfill its role as operator.     On January 22, 2016, we entered into a loan agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with Blendcore LLC, a Delaware corporation ( Blendcore ), and Petaquilla Gold, S.A., a Panama corporation ( Petaquilla Gold ), pursuant to which our Company has agreed to advance a loan in the principal amount of US$250,000 to Blendcore (the  Loan ). Petaquilla Gold, as the owner of minerals sourced from the Molejon Gold Mine located in Donoso District, Colon Province of Panama (the  Mine ), has engaged Blendcore, as master contractor, to act as operator in connection with the restarting of the processing of stockpiled ore at the Mine. Petaquilla Gold is a subsidiary of Petaquilla Minerals Ltd., a British Columbia company whose common shares were delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange in 2015, and whose registration under the Exchange Act was revoked by the SEC on September 23, 2016 pursuant to section 12(j) of the Exchange Act.            The Loan proceeds are to be applied by Blendcore in that capacity in accordance with a use-of-funds budget (the  Budget ) that has been annexed to the Loan Agreement.  Petaquilla Gold is a party to the Loan Agreement in its capacity as the title holder of the minerals, but is not entitled to receive any advances under the Loan Agreement.     Pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Loan is to be advanced in three tranches as follows:    $50,000 was advanced upon execution of the Loan Agreement;
   $100,000 was required to be advanced within 2 weeks from the execution of the Loan Agreement, and was in fact advanced on January 27, 2016; and
   $100,000 will be advanced as required in accordance with the Budget.
   As of July 31, 2016, we had advanced $215,000 to Blendcore under the Loan Agreement.     In exchange for the provision of the Loan, our Company is to receive a royalty of 12.5% on the first 1,000 ounces of gold produced per month for 12 months (the  Royalty Period ). The Royalty Period is to commence once production ramps up to 1,000 ounces per month. For monthly production between 1,001 and 2,000 ounces of gold per month, our Company is to receive a reduced royalty of 5%. In addition to the royalty stream, our Company has a right of first option to provide funding for the expansion and development of the Mine.     Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Loan is to be forgiven provided that there is at least 12,000 ounces of gold produced during the Royalty Period. Upon the completion of the Royalty Period, our Company has the option to extend the royalty for a further 12 month period through the provision of a second $250,000 loan on substantially the same terms as the initial Loan. This right shall survive the royalty agreement by a period of one year.     Petaquilla Gold and Blendcore have entered into a Collateral Assignment Agreement dated January 11, 2016 (the  Collateral Assignment Agreement  a copy of which is annexed to the Loan Agreement), pursuant to which Petaquilla Gold has collaterally assigned to Blendcore such number of ounces of gold from that which is mined at the Mine as shall be necessary to enable Blendcore to satisfy its obligations to our Company under the Loan Agreement. By letter of authorization dated January 18, 2016, Petaquilla Gold has consented to the transfer by Blendcore to our Company of Blendcore s rights under the Collateral Assignment Agreement.       Limited Operating History; Need for Additional Capital       As discussed below under the heading,   Liquidity and Capital Resources ,  we will be unable to earn our initial 20% equity interest Mineracao Batovi, or to pay the additional $1,400,000 in expenditures that we anticipate will be required within 12 months of acquiring such interest to advance the Batovi Diamond Project, if we are unable to source additional financing.     We currently have no plans or arrangements to obtain financing through private offerings of debt or equity. Equity financing would result in additional dilution to existing stockholders. We currently have no agreements or arrangements to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations. Since the Company has no such arrangements or plans currently in effect, our inability to raise funds for the above purposes will have a severe negative impact on our ability to remain a viable company.     There is limited historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are a start-up company and have not generated any revenues. We cannot guarantee success of our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products.     Outside of the employment agreements with the chief executive and chief financial officers, there are presently no agreements, arrangements, commitments, or specific understandings, either verbally or in writing, between our sole officer and director and the Company.              Results of Operations       We have generated no revenues since inception and have incurred $963,470 in operating expenses for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016.     The following table provides selected financial data for the years ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015.       Balance Sheet Data              For the years ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015        Revenues       The Company is a shell company and did not generate any revenues during the years ended July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015 .        Total operating expenses       For the year ended July 31, 2016, total operating expenses were $748,470, comprised of general and administrative expenses of $35,857, management fees of $602,242, and professional fees in the amount of $110,555. For the year ended July 31, 2015, total operating expenses were $5,552,579, comprised of general and administrative expenses of $22,408, management fees of $184,293, professional fees of $184,293 and stock based compensation of $5,191,122.       Net loss       For the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company had a net loss of $993,654, as compared to a net loss for the year ended July 31, 2015 of $5,552,025. For the period October 26, 2010 (inception) to July 31, 2016, the Company incurred a net loss of $1,410,374.       Liquidity and Capital Resources       As of July 31, 2016, the Company had a cash balance of $390,660. Unless we are able to source additional financing, we will be unable to fund the $1,000,000 cash contribution that we required to make to Mineracao Batovi in order to earn our initial 20% equity interest in that company, or to pay the additional $1,400,000 in expenditures that we anticipate will be required within 12 months of acquiring such interest to advance the Batovi Diamond Project. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to the Company.     If we are unable to fund the $1,000,000 cash contribution to Mineracao Batovi, we believe that we would have sufficient working capital for the next 12 months. We would, in that case, have sufficient capital resources to fund the balance of $35,000 to be advanced under our loan agreement with Blendcore, as borrower, and Petaquilla Gold, and to meet our other working capital needs. However, we would be precluded from acquiring our initial 20% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi. Further, our ability to earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi (for a total 49% equity interest) is contingent on our ability to fund a further $2,000,000 of exploration expenses no later than November 20, 2017.     Cash Flows                 As of July 31, 2016, the Company had a cash balance of $390,660 compared to $734,386 as of July 31, 2015. The decrease in cash was due to Company expenditures during the year; no funds were brought into the Company during the year.     As of July 31, 2016, the Company had total liabilities of $756,997 compared with total liabilities of $166,979 as of July 31, 2015. The increase in total liabilities was primarily attributed to management fees payable.     As of July 31, 2016, the Company had working capital deficiency of $426,247 compared with working capital of $567,407 as of July 31, 2015. The decrease in working capital was attributed to the decrease in cash and the increase in management fees payable.      Cash Flow from Operating Activities      During the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company used $128,726 in cash from operating activities compared to cash used by operating activities of $181,467 during the year ended July 31, 2015.      Cash Flow from Investing Activities      During the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company used $215,000 in cash from investing activities; the Company used no cash for investing activities in the year ended July 31, 2015.      Cash Flow from Financing Activities      During the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company received no cash from financing activities.       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.       Going Concern Consideration       As at July 31, 2016, the Company has a loss from operations of $993,654 and an accumulated deficit of $1,440,558 and has earned no revenues since inception. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending July 31, 2017.     Our auditors have issued a going concern opinion on our audited financial statements for the year ended July 31, 2016. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay for our expenses. We may in the future attempt to obtain financing through private offerings of debt or equity. Equity financing would result in additional dilution to existing stockholders. We currently have no agreements or arrangements to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. There is no assurance we will ever be successful doing so.       Critical Accounting Policies        Use of Estimates      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company's periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission include, where applicable, disclosures of estimates, assumptions, uncertainties and markets that could affect the financial statements and future operations of the Company.      Cash and Cash Equivalents      Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value. The Company had $390,660 and $734,386 in cash and cash equivalents at July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Fair value of financial instruments      The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for accounts payable and accrued liabilities and other current liabilities approximate fair value because of their immediate or short term maturity.            Concentrations of Credit Risk      The Company's financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of its cash and cash equivalents and related party payables it will likely incur in the near future. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions of high credit worthiness. At times, its cash and cash equivalents with a particular financial institution may exceed any applicable government insurance limits. The Company's management plans to assess the financial strength and credit worthiness of any parties to which it extends funds, and as such, it believes that any associated credit risk exposures are limited.       Recent Accounting Pronouncements       In June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 201410,  Which eliminated certain financial reporting requirements of companies previously identified as "Development Stage Entities" (Topic 915). The amendments in this ASU simplify accounting guidance by removing all incremental financial reporting requirements for development stage entities. The amendments also reduce data maintenance and, for those entities subject to audit, audit costs by eliminating the requirement for development stage entities to present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity. Early application of each of the amendments is permitted for any annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity's financial statements have not yet been issued (public business entities) or made available for issuance (other entities). Upon adoption, entities will no longer present or disclose any information required by Topic 915. The Company has adopted this standard.     In May 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201409, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The revenue recognition standard affects all entities that have contracts with customers, except for certain items. The new revenue recognition standard eliminates the transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP and replaces it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. Public entities are required to adopt the revenue recognition standard for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim and annual reporting periods thereafter. Early adoption is not permitted for public entities. The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and has not, at the current time, quantified the effects of this pronouncement, however it believes that there will be no material effect on the financial statements.     In June 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201412 Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period. A performance target in a share-based payment that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period should be accounted for as a performance condition under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 718, Compensation   Stock Compensation. As a result, the target is not reflected in the estimation of the award's grant date fair value. Compensation cost would be recognized over the required service period, if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2015 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet adopted this ASU. Management has reviewed the ASU and believes there will be no significant impact on the Company's financial statements.     In August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201415 Preparation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 20540), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. Under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), continuation of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity's liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. If and when an entity's liquidation becomes imminent, financial statements should be prepared under the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with Subtopic 20530, Presentation of Financial Statements Liquidation Basis of Accounting. Even when an entity's liquidation is not imminent, there may be conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. In those situations, financial statements should continue to be prepared under the going concern basis of accounting, but the amendments in this Update should be followed to determine whether to disclose information about the relevant conditions and events. The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU, however, at the current period, management does not believe that it has met the conditions which would subject these financial statements for additional disclosure.           In January 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201501 Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items, Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items. Under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), if an event or transaction met the criteria for extraordinary classification, an entity was required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations. The entity was also required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item. Eliminating the concept of extraordinary items will save time and reduce costs for preparers because they will not have to assess whether a particular event or transaction event is extraordinary (even if they ultimately would conclude it is not). This also alleviates uncertainty for preparers, auditors, and regulators because auditors and regulators no longer will need to evaluate whether a preparer treated an unusual and/or infrequent item appropriately. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after 15 December 2015 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has not yet adopted this ASU. Management has reviewed the ASU and believes there will be no significant impact on the Company's financial statements.       Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.       Not applicable.       Item 8. Financial Statements.       The financial statement information for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as listed below are included beginning on page F-1 of this Form 10-K:       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    Balance Sheets    Statement of Operations    Statements of Shareholders  Equity    Statements of Cash Flow    Notes to Financial Statements       Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.       There were no disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure of a type described in Item 304 (a)(1)(iv) or any reportable event as described in Item 304 (a)(1)(v) of Regulation SK.        Item 9A. Controls and Procedures         Evaluation of Disclosure Controls       We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our president (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.     As of July 31, 2016, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our president (our principal executive officer) and chief financial officer (our principal financial officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our president (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of July 31, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report.             Management's Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting       Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rules 13a15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive, principal operating and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.     The Company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the Company's assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company's management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.     Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at July 31, 2016. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment under those criteria, management has determined that, as of July 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the existence of the material weaknesses as of July 31, 2016, discussed below. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected in the following areas:       Because the company consists of one person who acts as the sole director, there are limited controls over information processing.       There is an inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. Our Company's management is composed of only two people, resulting in a situation where limitations on segregation of duties exist. In order to remedy this situation we would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. Currently, it is not feasible to hire additional staff to obtain optimal segregation of duties. Management will reassess this matter in the following year to determine whether improvement in segregation of duty is feasible.       The Company does not have a formal audit committee with a financial expert, and thus the Company lacks the board oversight role within the financial reporting process.       There is a lack of formal policies and procedures necessary to adequately review significant accounting transactions. The Company utilizes a third party independent contractor for the preparation of its financial statements. Although the financial statements and footnotes are reviewed by our management, we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting transactions and the accounting treatment of such transactions. The third party independent contractor is not involved in the day to day operations of the Company and may not be provided information from management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration of certain transactions.     Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above were the result of the scale of our operations and are intrinsic to our small size. Management believes these weaknesses did not have a material effect on our financial results and intends to take remedial actions upon receiving funding for the Company's business operations.     Our management will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow.           This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemptions provided to issuers that are smaller reporting companies or emerging growth companies.       Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting       There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.       Item 9B. Other Information.       None.                   PART III         Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.         Directors and Executive Officers       The following table sets forth the name, age and position of our current board member and executive officer.              Name and Business Address      Age      Position            Chad Ulansky     42     President, Chief Executive Officer, Treasuer, Secretary, and Director        Jennifer Irons    35    Chief Financial Officer           Mr. Ulansky commenced his career over 20 years ago working for Dia Met Minerals Ltd. on the project which yielded the Ekati Diamond Mine. He continued working for Dia Met until it was purchased by BHP in 2001. At that time he joined Cantex Mine Development Corp and Metalex Ventures Ltd where he initially managed the companies' global exploration programs. In 2003 and 2006 he took over as President and CEO of Cantex and Metalex respectively. Mr. Ulansky currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Cantex, Metalex and Northern Uranium Corp., all of which are listed on the TSX Venture Exchange. In addition to leading the exploration programs for Cantex's metal discoveries in Yemen, he oversaw the discovery and advanced exploration of Metalex's potential U2 kimberlite in northern Ontario, Canada. Mr. Ulansky has also served as a director of several other mineral exploration companies including Valley High Ventures Ltd, Consolidated AGX Resources Ltd and Arian Resources Corp. To date Mr. Ulansky has led exploration programs in over 15 countries on four continents with a particular focus on diamonds. After completing a BSc at Simon Fraser University (Canada) he completed a second BSc and a Honours degree at the University of Cape Town (South Africa) under the tutelage of renowned diamond geologist Dr. John Gurney.     Ms. Irons serves as the Chief Financial Officer for Metalex Ventures Ltd., Cantex Mine Development Corp. and Northern Uranium Corp., all companies listed on the TSX Venture Exchange; she also sits on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee for Northern Uranium Corp. Ms. Irons was a manager for PMF Inc., Chartered Accountants, from 2003 to 2013, prior to which, she was a senior accountant of KPMG LLP. Ms. Irons is a graduate of the University of Alberta and obtained her CPA designation in 2006.     Mr. Ulansky and Ms. Irons are not directors in any other U.S. reporting company and have not been affiliated with any company that has filed for bankruptcy within the last ten years. The Company is not aware of any proceedings to which Mr. Ulansky, Ms. Irons or any associate thereof are parties adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to it.     Our directors are elected for a term of one year and serve until such director's successor is duly elected and qualified. Each executive officer serves at the pleasure of the Board.       Audit Committee and Financial Expert; Committees       Our Company does not have an audit committee. We are not listed on a national U.S. securities exchange and are therefore not subject to listing requirements that mandate an audit committee comprised of independent directors.     Our Company has no nominating or compensation committees at this time. The sole director participates in the nomination and audit oversight processes and considers executive and director compensation. Given the size of our Company and its stage of development, our sole director is involved in such decision making processes. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our sole director who is also our principal executive officer has the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation, nominations, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with our executive officers and director.              Involvement in legal proceedings       There are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning our director, or control persons which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one's participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations.       Code of Ethics; Financial Expert        We have adopted a Code of Ethics that, by its terms, is aimed principally at our Company s employees, including our Company s officers. However, our Code of Ethics includes the following statement of policy:  Compliance with the law and high ethical standards in the conduct of Company business should be a top priority for each employee, officer and director.  Accordingly, we expect each of our employees, officers and directors to conduct themselves in accordance with our Code of Ethics. In addition, by its terms, our Code of Ethics extends to our vendors, contractors, consultants and temporary workers.     As adopted, our Code of Ethics sets forth written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:    honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;
   full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with, or submit to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public communications made by us;
   compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;
   the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethics to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code of Ethics; and
   accountability for adherence to the Code of Ethics.
   Our Code of Ethics requires, among other things, that all of our Company's personnel maintain confidential information; and that they act with honesty and integrity.     It is against our Company policy to retaliate against any individual who reports in good faith the violation or potential violation of our Company's Code of Ethics by another.     Eithne O Connor, our Company s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is named in the Code of Ethics as responsible for overseeing compliance with, and enforcement of, all Company policies, including our Code of Ethics. As Mr. O Connor is no longer associated with our Company, Chad Ulansky, our President and sole director, has assumed this responsibility for the time being.     Our Code of Ethics was included as Exhibit 14.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2013, as filed with the SEC on October 29, 2013.     We do not have a "financial expert" on our board of directors.       Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance       Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires executive officers and directors of the Company and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our equity securities (each a "Reporting Person") to file reports of ownership and changes in their ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based solely on our review of copies of such reports and representations from the Reporting Persons, we believe that during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016, the Reporting Persons were compliant with their respective obligations under section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.              Changes in Nominating Process       There are no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board.       Item 11. Executive Compensation.       The table below sets forth information concerning compensation paid, earned or accrued by our chief executive officers (each a "Named Executive Officer") for the last two fiscal years. No executive officer earned compensation in excess of $100,000 during fiscal 2015 or 2014.      SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE            (1) Mr. Chad Ulansky, an officer and director from October 2014 received compensation comprised of a deferred share unit plan as described below. Mr. Ulansky is the Chief Executive Officer and sole director of the Company.  (2) Ms. Jennifer Irons is the Chief Financial Officer as of July 12, 2015; compensation is comprised of a deferred share unit plan as described below.     Effective as of October 16, 2014, Chad Ulansky became our sole officer and director. We entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Ulansky pursuant to which Mr. Ulansky is to be employed by the Company as its Chief Executive Officer for three years. As compensation for his services, Mr. Ulansky shall receive an annual base salary of $400,000 for the first year of agreement, $450,000 for the second year and $500,000 for the third year. The Company shall have the right to pay the salary or any other amounts payable to Mr. Ulansky in shares of deferred stock units of the Company based on the 90-day volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of the shares of the common stock of the Company at the end of each quarter. The Employment Agreement shall automatically renew on each anniversary of the Agreement for one additional year term unless one party provides the other with notice prior to such anniversary date that such party does not desire to renew the Agreement. The Company may immediately terminate Mr. Ulansky's employment for cause. If (i) Mr. Ulansky's employment is terminated by the Company without cause, (ii) Mr. Ulansky terminates his employment as a result of the Company assigning him duties inconsistent with his position or the Company fails to pay his compensation or (iii) there is a change in control in the Company, then in either case the Company shall pay Mr. Ulansky an amount equal to (a) the product of the number of years and fractional years for the remainder of the term multiplied by (b) 50% of the then current base salary in effect as of the date of termination. We have no pension, health, annuity, bonus, insurance, stock options, profit sharing or similar benefit plans. We have no equity incentive plans.     Effective as of July 12, 2015, we entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Irons pursuant to which Ms. Irons is to be employed by the Company as its Chief Financial Officer for three years. As compensation for her services, Ms. Irons shall receive an annual base salary of $125,000 for the first year of agreement, $137,500 for the second year and $150,000 for the third year. The Company shall have the right to pay the salary or any other amounts payable to Ms. Irons in shares of deferred stock units of the Company based on the 90-day VWAP of the shares of the common stock of the Company at the end of each quarter. The remaining terms of the employment agreement are the same as the one for Mr. Ulansky.              Outstanding Equity Awards       Since our incorporation on October 19, 2010, none of our directors or executive officers has held unexercised options, stock that had not vested, or equity incentive plan awards, other than the options to purchase 200,000 options granted to Mr. Faber, a former director; these options expired on March 17, 2016.       Compensation of Directors       Since our incorporation on October 19, 2010, no compensation has been paid to any of our directors in consideration for their services rendered in their capacity as directors. No arrangements are presently in place regarding compensation to directors for services as directors or for committee participation or special assignments..       Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.       The following table lists, as of October 28, 2016, the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each executive officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using "beneficial ownership" concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power.      The percentages below are calculated based on 52,042,286 shares of common stock outstanding as of October 28, 2016. Outside of the employment agreements with our CEO and CFO, we do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. Under the employment agreements, there are a total of 1,645,647 common shares issuable to the CEO and CFO. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each stockholder listed below is: c/o Diamante Minerals, Inc., 203   1634 Harvey Ave., Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada, V1Y 6G2.                    (1) Chad Ulansky, President of Element 29 Ventures Ltd. ( Element ) has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Element.     Pursuant to the terms of the Employment Agreement dated October 16, 2014 between Mr. Ulansky and the Company, the Company shall have the right to pay the salary or any other amounts payable to Mr. Ulansky in shares of deferred stock units of the Company based on the 90-day VWAP of the shares of the common stock of the Company at the end of each quarter. As described above, Mr. Ulansky's salary is $400,000 for the first year of agreement, $450,000 for the second year and $500,000 for the third year.       Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.       Management fees of $460,144 were accrued to Mr. Ulansky and $142,098 were accrued to Ms. Irons during the current fiscal year. Element paid $2,180 in cash expenses and vehicle rental on behalf of the Company; amounts were fully repaid by the Company in January and February 2016.      There were no other related party transactions.       Director Independence       We are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our board comprised of a majority of "independent directors."       Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.       Our principal independent accountant is Davidson   Co. LLP Chartered Accountants. The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 and the period ended July 31, 2015 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows:                 (1) Audit fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements, for reviews of our interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10Q and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements.  (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for professional services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements, but are not reported under "Audit fees."  (3) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice.  (4) All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services.     As of July 31, 2016, the Company did not have a formal documented preapproval policy for the fees of the principal accountant. The Company does not have an audit committee. The percentage of hours expended on the principal accountant's engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant's fulltime, permanent employees was 0%.             PART IV         Item 15. Exhibits. Financial Statement Schedules.       The following exhibits are included as part of this report:                      DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.         AUDIT REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS    AND    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For the Years Ended July 31, 2016 and 2015                   Page       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm     F-2       Balance Sheets     F-3       Statement of Operations     F-4       Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity     F-5       Statements of Cash Flows     F-6       Notes to Financial Statements     F-7                           F-1       
      Table of Contents                         REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM       To the Shareholders and Directors of  Diamante Minerals Inc.     We have audited the accompanying financial statements of Diamante Minerals Inc. (the  Company ), which comprise the balance sheets as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.     We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Diamante Minerals Inc. as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended July 31, 2016, and 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that Diamante Minerals Inc. will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 9 to the financial statements, the Diamante Minerals Inc. has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency. These matters, along with the other matters set forth in Note 9, indicate the existence of material uncertainties that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 9. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.       DAVIDSON   COMPANY LLP                Vancouver, Canada     Chartered Professional Accountants               October 28, 2016                                     F-2       
      Table of Contents            DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Balance Sheets   (Expressed in US Dollars)                          Commitments and contingencies (Note 6)     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements.                 F-3       
      Table of Contents           DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Statements of Operations   (Expressed in US Dollars)                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements.                 F-4       
      Table of Contents              DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity   (Expressed in US Dollars)              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements.                 F-5       
      Table of Contents           DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Statements of Cash Flows   (Expressed in US Dollars)                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements.                 F-6       
      Table of Contents           DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC.    Notes to Audited Financial Statements   July 31, 2016 and 2015  (Expressed in US Dollars)      NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS      DIAMANTE MINERALS, INC. ( the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada, U.S. on October 26, 2010. The Company is in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral properties.     The Company has not generated any revenue to date. For the period from inception on October 26, 2010 to July 31, 2016, the Company has accumulated losses of $1,440,557.      NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES       Basis of Presentation      The Financial Statements and related disclosures have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The Financial Statements have been prepared using the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") of the United States.      Use of Estimates      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company's periodic filings with the SEC include, where applicable, disclosures of estimates, assumptions, uncertainties and markets that could affect the financial statements and future operations of the Company.      Fiscal Period      The Company's fiscal year end is July 31.      Fair value of financial instruments      The Company measures the fair value of financial assets and liabilities based on US GAAP guidance which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.     The Company classifies financial assets and liabilities as held-for-trading, available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, loans and receivables or other financial liabilities depending on their nature. Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized at fair value on their initial recognition, except for those arising from certain related party transactions which are accounted for at the transferor s carrying amount or exchange amount.     Financial assets and liabilities classified as held-for-trading are measured at fair value, with gains and losses recognized in net income. Financial assets classified as held-to-maturity, loans and receivables, and financial liabilities other than those classified as held-for-trading are measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method of amortization. Financial assets classified as available-for-sale are measured at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses being recognized as other comprehensive income until realized, or if an unrealized loss is considered other than temporary, the unrealized loss is recorded in income.     Financial instruments, including accounts payable and accrued liabilities are carried at amortized cost, which management believes approximates fair value due to the short term nature of these instruments.     The following table presents information about the assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as at July 31, 2016, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. Fair values determined by Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices, interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are unobservable data points for the asset or liability, and included situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset:                 F-7       
      Table of Contents                While it currently has $nil value, the Company s derivative asset (note 5) represents a Level 3 asset.      Share-based expenses      ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation  prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). If options expire unexercised, any amounts vested and previously recorded are reclassified to deficit.     The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50,  Equity   Based Payments to Non-Employees.  Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.       Income Taxes      The Company provides for income taxes under ASC 740, Accounting for Income Taxes. ASC 740 requires the use of an asset and liability approach in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect when these differences are expected to reverse.     ASC 740 requires the reduction of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.      Concentrations of Credit Risk      The Company's financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of its cash and related party payables it will likely incur in the near future. The Company places its cash with financial institutions of high credit worthiness. At times, its cash balance with a particular financial institution may exceed any applicable government insurance limits. The Company's management plans to assess the financial strength and credit worthiness of any parties to which it extends funds, and as such, it believes that any associated credit risk exposures are limited.      Net Loss Per Share of Capital Stock      In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of capital stock outstanding during the period.                  F-8       
      Table of Contents          The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share, for the periods specified:              Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is antidilutive. The Company has no potentially dilutive shares, such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding as at July 31, 2016.      Recent Accounting Pronouncements      In August 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201415 Preparation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 20540), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. Under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), continuation of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity's liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. If and when an entity's liquidation becomes imminent, financial statements should be prepared under the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with Subtopic 20530, Presentation of Financial Statements Liquidation Basis of Accounting. Even when an entity's liquidation is not imminent, there may be conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. In those situations, financial statements should continue to be prepared under the going concern basis of accounting, but the amendments in this Update should be followed to determine whether to disclose information about the relevant conditions and events. The amendments in this Update are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU, however, at the current period, management does not believe that it has met the conditions which would subject these financial statements for additional disclosure. Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of its financial statements. The Company's management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company's financial statements.      In January 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201501 Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items, Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items. Eliminating the concept of extraordinary items will save time and reduce costs for preparers because they will not have to assess whether a particular event or transaction event is extraordinary (even if they ultimately would conclude it is not). This also alleviates uncertainty for preparers, auditors, and regulators because auditors and regulators no longer will need to evaluate whether a preparer treated an unusual and/or infrequent item appropriately. This update is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early application is permitted.     In November 2015, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No, 201517 Income Taxes   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. To simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, the amendments in this update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in the update. This update is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted.     In January 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201601 Financial Instruments   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The amendments in this Update make targeted improvements to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as follows:             Require equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. However, an entity may choose to measure equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.                  F-9       
      Table of Contents               Simplify the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment. When a qualitative assessment indicates that impairment exists, an entity is required to measure the investment at fair value.         Eliminate the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities.         Eliminate the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet.         Require public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes.         Require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments.         Require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (that is, securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements.               Clarify that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets.     This update is effective or fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application is permitted.     In February 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201602 Leases. The main difference of the update is the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. Under this update, lessees will now be required to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet. The economics of leases can vary for a lessee and those economics should be reflected in the financial statements; as such a distinction between finance leases and operating leases has been retained. The classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases and operating leases are substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases in the previous leases guidance. This update is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted.     In March 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 201609 Stock Based Compensation   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. Under this standard, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statements. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. An entity should also recognize excess tax benefits regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period. This update is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted.     In August 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Updated (ASU) No. 201615 Statement of Cash Flows   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This updated addresses eight specific cash flows issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice.    Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs 
   Settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing 
   Contingent consideration payments made after a business combination 
   Proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims
   Proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies
   Distributions received from equity method investees 
   Beneficial interests in securitization transactions
   Separate identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle
   This update is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early application is permitted.      NOTE 3 - CAPITAL STOCK       Authorized Stock      The Company has authorized 300,000,000 shares of common shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought.             Share Issuance      On November 20, 2014, the Company issued 2,700,000 shares of common stock to Kel-Ex Development Ltd. ( Kel-Ex ) with a fair market value of $2.96 per share in connection with Kel-Ex s involvement with the anticipated Batovi Diamond Project (Note 10).      On December 19, 2014, the Company issued 8,954 shares of common stock with a fair market value of $1.70 per share to DMH Stallard LLP as part of a settlement of legal fees.     There were 52,042,286 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as at July 31, 2015 and July 31, 2016.      NOTE 4 - SHARE-BASED EXPENSES      On October 16, 2014, the Company granted Robert Faber, the former sole officer and director of the Company an option (the  Option ) to purchase all, or any portion of, 200,000 common shares pursuant to an Option Agreement. The Option may be exercised by Mr. Faber until April 16, 2016 and can be exercised at any time, in any amounts and on indeterminate occasions. The exercise price for each share of common stock is $1.25.     On October 16, 2014, the Company also granted Binyamin Gordon an option to purchase all, or any portion of, 2,500,000 common shares pursuant to an Option Agreement. The option may be exercised by Mr. Gordon until April 16, 2016 and can be exercised at any time, in any amounts and on indeterminate occasions. The exercise price for each share of common stock is $1.25.      During the year ended July 31, 2015, the Company recorded $5,191,122 share-based expenses on the above granted options based on the following assumptions:     Annualized volatility   123.73%  Risk-free interest rate   0.23%  Expected life   18 months  Dividend yield   nil  Share price   $2.70 per share  Exercise price   $1.25 per share     During the year ended July 31, 2016, these stock options expired without being exercised. As such, as at July 31, 2016, the Company had no options outstanding. A total of $5,191,122 was reclassified to deficit upon expiration.      NOTE 5   BAD DEBT EXPENSE      On January 22, 2016, the Company entered into a loan agreement with Blendcore LLC, a Delaware corporation ( Blendcore ), and Petaquilla Gold, S.A., a Panama corporation ( Petaquilla Gold ), which is a subsidiary of Petaquilla Minerals Ltd., a Canadian public company, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to advance a loan in the principal amount of US$250,000 to Blendcore (the  Loan ). Petaquilla Gold, as the owner of the minerals sourced at the Molejon Gold Mine located in Donoso District, Colon Province, Republic of Panama (the  Mine ), has engaged Blendcore, as master contractor, to act as operator in connection with the restarting of the processing of stockpiled ore at the Mine. In exchange for the provision of the Loan, the Company is entitled to a royalty of 12.5% on the first 1,000 ounces of gold produced per month for 12 months (the  Royalty period ). The Royalty Period is to commence once production ramps up to 1,000 ounces per month. For monthly production between 1,001 and 2,000 ounces of gold per month, the Company is to receive a reduced royalty of 5%. In addition to the royalty stream, the Company has the right of first option to provide funding for the expansion and development of the Mine. The Loan is to be forgiven provided that there are at least 12,000 ounces of gold produced during the Royalty Period. Upon the completion of the Royalty Period, the Company has the option to extend the royalty for a further 12 month period through the provision of a second $250,000 loan on substantially the same terms as the initial loan. This right shall survive the royalty agreement by a period of one year. As at July 31, 2016, the Company has advanced $215,000 to Blendcore LLC.      Valuation of Derivative      As the loan agreement with Blendcore contains a royalty component, there is an embedded derivative in its value. Currently, the Company has elected to account for the entire instrument as a derivative at fair value, with changes in fair value presented in earnings. The fair value of the derivative is determined by using a discounted cash flow analysis related to various expected future cash flows to be received based on weighted probabilities due to the uncertainty of the potential royalty streams. This asset is classified as a Level 3 asset within the fair value hierarchy as our valuation estimates utilize significant unobservable inputs, including estimates as to the probability and timing of future gold production. Transaction related fees and costs are expensed as incurred.           The changes in the estimated fair value from the derivative along with cash receipts each reporting period are presented together on the Statement of Income as a component of revenue under the caption,  Derivative   change in fair value .      Allowance for Doubtful Account      At present, the gold mine has not been restarted. The Company has engaged the services of a legal firm in Panama to determine appropriate title to the claim and our course of action to receive the funds advanced. As such, an allowance for doubtful accounts equal to the amount of the loan has been recorded in the books for the year ended July 31, 2016.      NOTE 6 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      On October 16, 2014, the Company and Chad Ulansky entered into an Employment Agreement (the  CEO Employment Agreement ), pursuant to which Mr. Ulansky is employed by the Company as its Chief Executive Officer for three years. As compensation for his services, Mr. Ulansky shall receive an annual base salary of $400,000 for the first year of the Employment Agreement, $450,000 for the second year and $500,000 for the third year. The Company shall have the right to pay the salary or any other amounts payable to Mr. Ulansky in deferred shares units of the Company based on the 90-day VWAP of the common shares of the Company at the end of each quarter. As at July 31, 2016, $609,392 (July 31, 2015   $149,249) has been accrued in accounts payable, which equates to 1,324,767 shares (July 31, 2015   233,201) if Mr. Ulansky were to leave the Company.     On July 12, 2015, the Company and Jennifer Irons entered into an Employment Agreement (the  CFO Employment Agreement , together with the CEO Employment Agreement, known as  the Employment Agreements ), pursuant to which Ms. Irons is employed by the Company as its Chief Financial Officer for three years. As compensation for her services, Ms. Irons shall receive an annual base salary of $125,000 for the first year of the Employment Agreement, $137,500 for the second year and $150,000 for the third year. The Company shall have the right to pay the salary or any other amounts payable to Ms. Irons in deferred share units of the Company based on the 90-day VWAP of the common shares of the Company at the end of each quarter. As at July 31, 2016, $147,605 (July 31, 2015   $5,507) has been accrued in accounts payable, which equates to 320,880 shares (July 31, 2015   $8,605) if Ms. Irons were to leave the Company.     The Employment Agreements shall automatically renew on each anniversary of the Agreement for one additional year term unless one party provides the other with notice prior to such anniversary date that such party does not desire to renew the Employment Agreement. The Company may immediately terminate Mr. Ulansky and Ms. Irons's employment for cause. If (i) Mr. Ulansky or Ms. Irons's employment is terminated by the Company without cause, (ii) Mr. Ulansky or Ms. Irons terminate his or her employment as a result of the Company assigning duties inconsistent with his position or the Company fails to pay the compensation or (iii) there is a change in control in the Company, then in either case the Company shall pay Mr. Ulansky and Ms. Irons an amount equal to (a) the product of the number of years and fractional years for the remainder of the term multiplied by (b) 50% of the then current base salary in effect as of the date of termination.     During the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company recorded a total of $602,241 as management fee payable to related parties, which equates to 1,403,817 shares.     The Company has no other commitments or contingencies as at July 31, 2016 and 2015.      NOTE 7 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS      During the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company s director invoiced $2,177 (year ended July 31, 2015   $7,636) to the Company to cover the Company s operating expenses. The balance was repaid in full in February 2016.     The Company shares office space with other companies in order to take advantage of cost sharing opportunities and management services. Two of these companies are: Kel-Ex Developments Ltd., a significant shareholder of the Company, which shares the services of the Chief Financial Officer; and Metalex Ventures Ltd., a publicly traded company which shares the services of the CEO and the CFO. During the year ended July 31, 2016, the related parties invoiced the Company for the following services and amounts:                          As at July 31, 2016, the following balances have been included within accounts payable:           As at July 31, 2016, $609,393 in management fees earned by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the CEO Employment Agreement was included as due to a related party (2015   $149,249); $147,605 in management fees earned by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the CFO agreement was included as due to a related party (2015   $5,507).      NOTE 8 - INCOME TAXES      The provision for income taxes differs from the amounts which would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 34 percent to net the loss before provision for income taxes for the following reasons:           Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of:            Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards of $86,001 for federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. When a change in ownership occurs, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years.           During the year ended July 31, 2016, it came to the attention of management that no tax filings had been submitted for the Company since its inception. While the Company had no taxable income and incurred no corporate taxes payable, there were certain reporting requirements that were not submitted by the appropriate deadlines. As such, the Company could potentially incur a $10,000 penalty for each of the 2012, 2013 and 2014 year ends, for a total of $30,000. The Company has filed a request to waive the penalties and, subsequent to year end, received notice of assessments for these tax years. The Company is in the process of filing an objection to these assessments; as such, this balance has not been accrued in the year-end financial statements.       NOTE 9 - GOING CONCERN AND LIQUIDITY CONSIDERATIONS       The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company incurred a net loss of $993,653. As at July 31, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $1,440,557 and has earned no revenues since inception. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending July 31, 2017.     The ability of the Company to emerge from the exploration stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings.     These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.      NOTE 10   BATOVI DIAMOND PROJECT      On November 20, 2014, the Company entered into a formal joint venture agreement (the  Joint Venture Agreement ) with Mineracao Batovi Ltda ( Mineracao Batovi ) which contemplates the Company acquiring partial ownership in Mineracao Batovi to develop, finance and operate the Batovi Diamond Project. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, the Company issued 2,700,000 fully paid and non-assessable common shares valued at $7,992,000. To complete the acquisition, the Company must contribute $1,000,000 in cash to Mineracao Batovi in return for a 20% equity interest. The Company may earn an additional 29% equity interest in Mineracao Batovi by funding $2,000,000 of exploration expenses no later than November 20, 2017.     The Joint Venture Agreement provides that Mineracao Batovi is to be managed by a board of directors comprised of two representatives from each of the Company and the existing Mineracao Batovi management, provided that if the Company fails to earn an additional 29% equity interest in Newco by November 20, 2017, Mineracao Batovi's board of directors will be comprised of three representatives of Mineracao Batovi existing management and one representative of the Company.     As at the date of these financial statements, the Company is working on completing the ownership transfer of Mineracao Batovi. By the Company s letter agreement dated February 27, 2015, effective upon acceptance by Mineracao Batovi and Kel-Ex on March 9, 2015, the parties amended the Joint Venture Agreement to provide that the Company would be engaged to act as operator of the Batovi Diamond Project on terms whereby the Company will be entitled to charge a 10% administration fee on all exploration expenditures incurred under $50,000 and 5% on all exploration expenditures incurred over $50,000. The Company has discretion to subcontract with third parties, including Kel-Ex, to enable it to fulfill its role as operator.             SIGNATURES         Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                   DIAMANTE MINERALS INC.            (Registrant)                      Dated: October 28, 2016    /s/ Chad Ulansky            Chad Ulansky                  President, Secretary, and sole director (Principal Executive Officer)               Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.             Dated: October 28, 2016          /s/ Chad Ulansky            Chad Ulansky                  President, Secretary, and sole director (Principal Executive Officer)                      

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit_31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   exhibit_31_2.htm          EXHIBIT 31.1       CERTIFICATION OF    PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Chad Ulansky, certify that:     1.      I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Diamante Minerals, Inc. (the  registrant ) for the year ended July 31, 2016;     2.      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     3.      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     4.      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     a.      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     b.      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     c.      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     d.      Disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     5.      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     a.      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     b.      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.             Date: October 28, 2016    By:      /s/  Chad Ulansky               Chad Ulansky               Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit_31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   doc1.htm          EXHIBIT 31.2       CERTIFICATION OF    PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO    SECTION 302(a) OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Jennifer Irons, certify that:     1.      I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Diamante Minerals, Inc. (the  registrant ) for the year ended July 31, 2016;     2.      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     3.      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     4.      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     a.      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     b.      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     c.      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     d.      Disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     5.      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     a.      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     b.      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.             Date: October 28, 2016    By:      /s/  Jennifer Irons               Jennifer Irons               Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)             

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit_32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
   doc1.htm          EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      The undersigned, Chad Ulansky, Chief Executive Officer and President of Diamante Minerals, Inc. (the  Registrant ), and Jennifer Irons, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, each hereby certifies, under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Registrant for the year ended July 31, 2016 (the  Report ):             (1)      fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and                 (2)      the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.                 Date: October 28, 2016    By:      / s/ Chad Ulansky               Chad Ulansky               Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)                         By:     /s/ Jennifer Irons               Jennifer Irons               Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)             A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.      

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 dimn-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dimn-20160731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dimn-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dimn-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dimn-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dimn-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

