<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161024_10-Q_edgar_data_1627611_0001640334-16-001840_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>950111</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>39422</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>68371</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>175538</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>319376</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>298097</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-16-001840.hdr.sgml : 20161024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161024152339
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-16-001840
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		29
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Devago, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001627611
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-201319
		FILM NUMBER:		161948058

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CALLE DR. HERBIERTO NUNEZ #11A
		STREET 2:		EDIFICIO APT. 104
		CITY:			N/A
		STATE:			G8
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		809-994-4443

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CALLE DR. HERBIERTO NUNEZ #11A
		STREET 2:		EDIFICIO APT. 104
		CITY:			N/A
		STATE:			G8
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-16-001840.txt : 20161024

10-Q
 1
 devago_10q.htm
 FORM 10Q
 
   devago_10q.htm      
 
       UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION      Washington, D.C. 20549         Form 10-Q          (Mark One)      x  QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the quarterly period ended   August 31, 2016       or      o  TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934     For the transition period from ____________ to ____________     Commission File Number   333-201319                 DEVAGO INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                   Nevada           38-3954047       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)         (IRS Employer Identification No.)                        Calle Dr. Heriberto Nunez #11A, Edificio Apt. 104, Dominican Republic                 (Address of principal executive offices)         (Zip Code)                  809-994-4443       (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)              N/A       (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   x  YES        NO       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      YES     x  NO       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.             Large accelerated filer     o     Accelerated filer     o       Non-accelerated filer     o     Smaller reporting company     x       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)                   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)   x  YES        NO     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.     24,082,004 common shares issued and outstanding as of October 21, 2016      

Table of Contents                 PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION.                                 Item 1.       Financial Statements.            3                           Item 2.       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.            10                           Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks.            14                           Item 4.       Controls and Procedures.            15                           PART II   OTHER INFORMATION.                                      Item 1.       Legal Proceedings.            16                           Item 1A.       Risk Factors.            16                           Item 2.       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.            16                           Item 3.       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.            16                           Item 4.       Mine Safety Disclosures.            16                           Item 5.       Other Information.            16                           Item 6.       Exhibits.            17                   PART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION         Item 1. Financial Statements         Devago Inc.     August 31, 2016              Index                                       Condensed Balance Sheets (unaudited)         F-4                                       Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited)         F-5                                       Condensed Statement of Cash Flows (unaudited)         F-6                                       Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)         F-7                     DEVAGO INC.    Condensed Balance Sheets   (Unaudited)              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.                 F-4       
     Tables of Contents          DEVAGO INC.    Condensed Statements of Operations   (Unaudited)              The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.                 F-5       
     Tables of Contents          DEVAGO INC.    Condensed Statement of Cash Flows   (Unaudited)           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.                 F-6       
     Tables of Contents          DEVAGO INC.     Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements     (Unaudited)       NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND CONTINUANCE OF OPERATIONS      DEVAGO INC. ( we ,  us ,  our  or the  Company ) was formed on September 8, 2014 in Nevada. We are a start-up stage company and engaged in the creation of mobile software applications, or  Apps.  Our strategic initiative includes developing and marketing our current mobile application, as well as expanding our mobile application portfolio through the acquisition of third party mobile applications and mobile application development companies.      These financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which assumes the Company will continue to realize it assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. As of August 31, 2016, the Company has incurred losses totaling $72,553 since inception, has not yet generated revenue from operations, and will require additional funds to maintain our operations. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. The Company intends to finance operating costs over the next twelve months through continued financial support from its shareholders and private placements of common stock. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.      NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      a) Basis of Presentation     These financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and are expressed in US dollars. The Company s year-end is November 30.     The accompanying financial statements have been prepared by the Company without audit. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial positions, results of operations, and cash flows on August 31, 2016, and for all periods presented herein, have been made.     Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted. It is suggested that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s November 30, 2015 audited financial statements. The results of operations for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year.     b) Estimates and Assumptions     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected.                F-7       
     Tables of Contents         c) Cash and Cash Equivalents     The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with maturity of six months or less at the time of issuance to be cash equivalents.     d) Foreign Currency Transactions     The Company s planned operations are outside of the United States, which results in exposure to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The financial risk is the risk to the Company s operations that arise from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the degree of volatility of these rates. Currently, the Company does not use derivative instruments to reduce its exposure to foreign currency risk. Nonmonetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical rates and monetary assets and liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the end of the year. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates for the year. Gains and losses from translation of foreign currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in current results of operations.     e) Income Taxes     Potential benefits of income tax losses are not recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The Company computes tax asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. The potential benefits of net operating losses have not been recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more likely than not it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward in future years.     f) Revenue Recognition     Sales are recorded when products are shipped to customers. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. No provision for discounts or rebates to customers, estimated returns and allowances or other adjustments were recognized during the period ended August 31, 2016. In instances where products are configured to customer requirements, revenue is recorded upon the successful completion of the Company s final test procedures and the customer s acceptance. The Company has not made any sales as at August 31, 2016.     g) Website     Website is carried at cost, with amortization provided on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful lives of seven years. Total amortization of $540 was booked for the three month period ended August 31, 2016.     h) Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share      Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing Diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. At August 31, 2016, the Company has no potentially dilutive securities outstanding.                F-8       
     Tables of Contents          NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)      i) Stock-Based Compensation     Compensation costs attributable to stock options or similar equity instruments granted are measured at the fair value at the grant date, and expensed over the expected vesting period. We did not grant any stock options during the period ended August 31, 2016.     j) Income Taxes     The Company accounts for income taxes using the asset and liability method. The asset and liability method provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized.      k) Subsequent Events     The Company s management reviewed all material events from August 31, 2016 through the issuance date of these financial statements for disclosure consideration.      NOTE 3. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS      On February 5, 2015, the Company entered into a promissory note with its sole officer and director for $15,000. The note accrues interest at 8% annually and is due on demand. As of August 31, 2016, $1,877 has been accrued for interest.      During the period ended August 31, 2016, the Company repaid the sole officer and director for $1,000, and the Company was provided an additional $10,239 by the sole officer and director. As at August 31, 2016, the related party payable balance is $25,239.      NOTE 4. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY               NOTE 5.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS      The Company has evaluated subsequent events from August 31, 2016 through the date the financial statements were available to be issued and has determined that there have been no subsequent events after August 31, 2016 for which disclosure is required.                F-9       
     Tables of Contents           Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations          Forward Looking Statements       T  he information set forth in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, among others (i) expected changes in our revenue and profitability, (ii) prospective business opportunities and (iii) our strategy for financing our business. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical information or statements of current condition. Some forward-looking statements may be identified by use of terms such as  believes ,  anticipates ,  intends  or  expects . These forward-looking statements relate to our plans, liquidity, ability to complete financing and purchase capital expenditures, growth of our business including entering into future agreements with companies, and plans to successfully develop and obtain approval to market our product. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs.       Although we believe that our expectations with respect to the forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business and operations, in light of the risks and uncertainties inherent in all future projections, the inclusion of forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives or plans will be achieved.       We assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in factors or assumptions affecting forward-looking statements.       Our revenues and results of operations could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the following: the risk of significant natural disaster, the inability of the our company to insure against certain risks, inflationary and deflationary conditions and cycles, currency exchange rates, and changing government regulations domestically and internationally affecting our products and businesses.       You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes attached hereto, and the other financial data appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.       US Dollars are denoted herein by  USD , "$" and "dollars".       Overview      We are a development stage company and engaged in the creation of mobile software applications, or  Apps.  Our strategic initiative includes developing and marketing our own mobile applications, as well as expanding our mobile application portfolio through the acquisition of third party mobile applications and mobile application development companies.      Currently, we have no fully-developed revenue generating mobile applications. We currently have one application (Hotchek) in our portfolio. Hotchek is a multi-use customizable application designed to enable users to easily engage their network audience with the use of highly interactive polls and surveys.            Hotchek is currently in its second phase of the final stage of development. To date, we have paid Softaddicts $15,000 to help develop the Hotcheck application. Softaddicts is no longer being used for development of our software as the development team has changed as the project migrated into the second phase.     During the first phase of development the following services were provided:              1)  Application and form design;                   2)  Database design and architecture;                   3)  Programmatic code to connect the forms to the database; and                   4)  Compile iOS and Android applications.           There were no statements of work in connection the above services.      Mr. Crespo oversaw the development work by Softaddicts, made modifications as needed and tested the source imagery and marketing content for the messaging. The services provided by Softaddicts and Mr. Crespo resulted in a working prototype of the application and information page about its functions. This information page is found at http://wwha.softaddicts.com/public-campaigns. Our sole officer and director loaned us $15,000 to pay Softaddicts under an 8% demand promissory note dated February 5, 2015. We no longer use the services of Softaddicts as their scope of work has concluded.     We have planned for three releases associated with the Hotchek app, with the following features and costs:                 1.  During Phase 1 we developed release one where approximately 70% of the prototype was completed.                         2.  Release two will require an additional $15,000 and take 30-60 additional days to complete.                         3.  Release three will be based on the feedback from customers using released versions of release one and two. The time period and budget is unknown until we receive feedback and have a better understanding of the amount of development work required.          We have completed release one and continue to work on release two of the Hotchek app and hope to have it ready for commercial sale during the 4 th  quarter of 2016.  We expect to complete releases one and two of the Hotchek app and have it ready for commercial sale by in 2016.     During the period from September to November, 2015, the Company performed design and implementation of the Chrome extension, iOS, and Android Apps for Hotchek. A framework was completed to solidify short and long term goals of the product. Unit testing was also completed, and functionality of the extension was tested. Scalability of the projects have been considered during design of the applications.     During the period from December, 2015, to February, 2016, the UAT of the chrome extension was completed, and the product was tested across different versions, screen resolutions, and operating systems. Customer feedback was sought on the usability of the extension, and changes were made to incorporate customer suggestions. The application was made ready for live deployment. Work was completed on the coding of the mobile apps for Andriod and iOS. Unit testing of the mobile apps was completed during this period, involving testing on various versions of the operating systems and hardware.            Aside from our internal applications, we plan to acquire Apps that are currently in development, as well as apps that are ready to be presented to the public. We plan to specialize in apps that are used to increase the customer connection, often with a social aspect; enable self-service; and obtain better information on customer preferences.      Plan of Operation      We anticipate that we will meet our ongoing cash requirements through equity or debt financing. We estimate that our expenses over the next 12 months will be approximately $105,000 as described in the table below. These estimates may change significantly depending on the nature of our future business activities and our ability to raise capital from shareholders or other sources.           We recently closed our public offering by issuing a total of 4,082,004 shares of our common stock at $0.007 per share for a total of $28,574. We were not able to raise the full $105,000 from our initial offering. We will scale back our business development in line with the available capital. Our primary priority will be to retain our reporting status with the SEC, which we have sufficient capital to cover at this time. We are currently looking to secure additional financing to focus on the development of our website, product development and sales and marketing activities.       Results of Operations   For the Three Month Period Ended August 31, 2016       We have not earned any revenues from inception through August 31, 2016.           We incurred a net loss in the amount of $11,007 and $7,242 for the three month periods ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Our operating expenses for the three month period ended August 31, 2016, included $290 general and administrative expenses, professional fees of $9,852, and amortization expense of $540. Operating expenses for the three month period ended August 31, 2015 included $164 general and administrative expenses, professional fees of $6,430, and amortization expense of $540.            We also incurred $300 in interest expenses and $25 loss on foreign exchange for the three month period ended August 31, 2016. For the three month period ended August 31, 2015 we incurred $74 in interest expense, and $34 foreign exchange losses.      Results of Operations   For the Nine Month Period Ended August 31, 2016      We have not earned any revenues from inception through August 31, 2016.           We incurred a net loss in the amount of $25,072 and $27,427 for the nine month periods ended August 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Our operating expenses for the nine month period ended August 31, 2016, included $726 general and administrative expenses, professional fees of $21,852, and amortization expense of $1620. Operating expenses for the nine month period ended August 31, 2015 included $164 general and administrative expenses, professional fees of $25,536 and amortization expense of $1,215.     We also incurred $896 in interest expenses and $22 gain on foreign exchange for the nine month period ended August 31, 2016. For the nine month period ended August 31, 2015 we incurred $452 in interest expense and $60 loss on foreign exchange.      Liquidity and Capital                   As of August 31, 2016, we had a working capital deficiency of $35,763, $43 in current assets and $35,806 in current liabilities. A total of $14,088 was used by operating activities, $0 used in investing activities and $9,239 provided through financing activities for the nine month period ended August 31, 2016. Effect of the exchange rate on cash resulted in the use of $22.               Critical Accounting Policies        Use of Estimates       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected.       Revenue Recognition       Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized when the following conditions are satisfied:                   The Company has transferred to the buyer the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods;                        The Company retains neither continuing managerial involvement to the degree usually associated with ownership nor effective control over the goods sold;                        The amount of revenue can be measured reliably;                        It is probable that the economic benefits associated with the transaction will flow to the entity; and                        The costs incurred or to be incurred in respect of the transaction can be measured reliably.             Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.         Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.              Item 4. Controls and Procedures        Disclosure Controls and Procedures      We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of August 31, 2016. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of August 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the presence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting.     A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material weaknesses which have caused management to conclude that, as of August 31, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines.      Remediation Plan to Address the Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting      Our company plans to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal controls over financial reporting. During the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses, we plan to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending November 30, 2016: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out are largely dependent upon our securing additional financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts may be adversely affected in a material manner.      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting      There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the nine months ended August 31, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.                 PART II   OTHER INFORMATION         Item 1. Legal Proceedings       From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are not aware of any material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest.       Item 1A. Risk Factors       As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.        Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds       On March 30, 2015, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-201319) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission for our initial public offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 4,082,004 shares of our common stock at $0.007 per share for a total of $28,416. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 17, 2015 pursuant to Rule 424(b).       Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities       None.       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures       Not applicable.       Item 5. Other Information       None.              Item 6. Exhibits                Exhibit   Number        Description                         31.1*        Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer                         32.1*        Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of the Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer                         101*        Interactive Data File                        101.INS      XBRL Instance Document                       101.SCH      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document                       101.CAL      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document                       101.DEF      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document                       101.LAB      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document                       101.PRE      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document      _______________          *     Filed herewith.                  SIGNATURES      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.                      DEVAGO INC.         October 24, 2016                  By:     /s/ Jose Armando Acosta Crespo                Jose Armando Acosta Crespo                  President, Principal Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and sole member of the Board of Directors.                     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 devago_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   devago_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.1         CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Jose Armando Acosta Crespo, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Devago Inc.;               2  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                       (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and                  5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                    (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.                    Date: October 24, 2016       /s/ Jose Armando Acosta Crespo             Jose Armando Acosta Crespo            President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 devago_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   devago_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.1       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002      I, Jose Armando Acosta Crespo, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:            (1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Devago Inc. for the period ended August 31, 2016 (the "Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and               (2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Devago Inc.                    Dated: October 24, 2016       /s/ Jose Armando Acosta Crespo                Jose Armando Acosta Crespo            President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)            Devago Inc.           A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Devago Inc. and will be retained by Devago Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.      

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 dvgg-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 dvgg-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 dvgg-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 dvgg-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 dvgg-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 dvgg-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

