<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1439299_0001213900-16-018316_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4094286</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127102</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>284687</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>928677</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1586358</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1093268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018316.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114083458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018316
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Consumer Capital Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439299
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		IRS NUMBER:				262517432
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54998
		FILM NUMBER:		161990831

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 NORTH LAKE AVENUE, SUITE 280
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(626) 568-3368

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		35 NORTH LAKE AVENUE, SUITE 280
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mondas Minerals Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018316.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_consumercapital.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)  

     QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

or  

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________  

Commission
File Number: 000-54998  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP INC.    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (516) 874-4566   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated
    filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller
    reporting company  

(Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes     No    

The
registrant had 32,178,849 shares of common stock, $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding at November 14, 2016.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC.   

   QUARTERLY
REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   

September
30, 2016   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PAGE     

PART
    I  
         
      FINANCIAL
    INFORMATION  
         
      1   

Item
    1.  
         
      Financial
    Statements (Unaudited)  
         
      1   

Item
    2.  
         
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
         
      24   

Item
    3.  
         
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
         
      33   

Item
    4.  
         
      Controls
    and Procedures  
         
      33   

PART
    II  
         
      OTHER
    INFORMATION  
         
      34   

Item
    1.  
         
      Legal
    Proceedings  
         
      34   

Item
    1A.  
         
      Risk
    Factors  
         
      34   

Item
    2.  
         
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
         
      34   

Item
    3.  
         
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities  
         
      34   

Item
    4.  
         
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures  
         
      34   

Item
    5.  
         
      Other
    Information  
         
      34   

Item
    6.  
         
      Exhibits  
         
      34   

SIGNATURES  
         
      35   

Financial
    Statements:  

USE
OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS   

In
this Report, unless otherwise noted or as the context otherwise requires:  the Company,   we,   us, 
and  our  refers to the combined company Consumer Capital Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and Variable Interest Entities.  

PART
I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
    1.   
       Financial
    Statements.    

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP INC.   

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

(1) The capital accounts of the Company have been retroactively restated to reflect the equivalent number of common shares
based on the exchange ratio of the merger transaction in determining the basic and diluted weighted average shares. 

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   

  (Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

(1)
The capital accounts of the Company have been retroactively restated to reflect the equivalent number of common shares based on
the exchange ratio of the merger transaction in determining the basic and diluted weighted average shares.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

(Unaudited)  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

CONSUMER CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

ORGANIZATION  

Consumer
Capital Group, Inc. ( CCG  or the  Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on April 25, 2008. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries, and an affiliated
PRC entity ( Affiliated PRC Entity ) that is controlled through contractual arrangements. On February 5, 2010, in
connection with the execution of a Stock Right Transfer Agreement, America Pine Group Inc. transferred both 100% of the stock
rights of its wholly owned subsidiary Arki (Beijing) E-commerce Technology Co., Ltd. and 100% of its stock rights of America Pine
(Beijing) Bio-Tech to Consumer Capital Group, Inc., a California corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( CCG
California ).  

On
February 4, 2011, pursuant to a Plan and Agreement of Merger by and among Mondas Minerals Corp., its wholly owned subsidiary,
CCG Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ( CCG Delaware ), CCG California, and Scott D. Bengfort, Mondas Minerals
Corp. merged its wholly-owned subsidiary CCG Delaware into CCG California, with CCG California surviving and CCG Delaware ceasing
to exist. On February 7, 2011, the Company formed a new wholly-owned subsidiary by the name of  Consumer Capital Group Inc. 
( CCG Name Sub ) in Delaware solely for purposes of changing its corporate name to  Consumer Capital Group Inc. 
in conjunction with the closing of the Merger. On February 17, 2011, the Company changed its name to Consumer Capital Group Inc.
pursuant to a Certificate of Ownership filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware by merging CCG Name Sub into the Company
with the Company surviving and CCG Name Sub ceasing to exist. Unless the context specifies otherwise, references to the  Company 
refers to CCG California prior to the Merger and the Company, its subsidiaries and Affiliated PRC Entity combined after the Merger.
The Company is principally engaged in the development and operation of its nationwide online retailing platform  Chinese
Consumer Market Network  at www.ccmus.com, which provides a variety of manufacturers and distributors a platform to promote
and sell products and services directly to consumers. The Company s principal operations and geographic markets are in the
People s Republic of China ( PRC ).  

Post
Merger, Consumer Capital Group Inc. is authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share.
On February 4, 2011, Consumer Capital Group Inc. effected a reverse stock split (the  Stock Split ), as a result of
which each 21.96 shares of Consumer Capital Group s common stock then issued and outstanding was converted into one share
of Mondas Minerals  common stock.  

Immediately
prior to the Merger, Consumer Capital Group, Inc. had 390,444,109 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. In connection
with the Merger, Mondas Minerals issued 17,777,778 shares of its common stock in exchange for the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock of CCG California. Immediately prior to the closing of the Merger, there were 2,500,000 issued and outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock, 60% of which were held by the thenprincipal stockholder, CEO, and sole director of
the Company, Mr. Bengfort. As a part of the Merger, CCG paid $335,000 in cash to Mr. Bengfort in exchange for his agreement to
enter into various transaction agreements relating to the Merger, as well as the cancellation of 1,388,889 shares of the Company s
common stock directly held by him, constituting 92.6% of his pre-Merger holdings of Company common stock.  

DEBIT
CARD PROGRAM  

The
Company cooperates with a Chinese bank named Fuxin bank to issue cobranded debit cards. Retail store vendors throughout China
are signed up to the Company s debit card program. The Company charges each participating vendor a percentage of transactions
with that vendor. Each vendor will receive a percentage of future transactions of the cards issued by the vendor. Cardholders
will receive certain amounts of cash refund from participating vendors and earn points to be spent on www.ccmus.com. Such operation
has been ceased in 2016 subsequently.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

SHANGHAI
ZHONGHUI  

On
December 23, 2014, the Company and Shanghai Zhonghui Financial Information Services Corp., a company established under the laws
of People s Republic of China, entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the  Agreement ), pursuant to which
the Company agreed to acquire 51% of the capital stock of Shanghai Zhonghui (the  Acquisition ). Pursuant to the term
of the Agreement, the Company agreed to issue 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(the  Common Stock ), to certain individuals affiliated with Shanghai Zhonghui (the  Affiliates ), valued
at $1.00 per share for a total of $5,000,000 or approximately 31,000,000 RMB, to exchange 51% of the capital stock of Shanghai
Zhonghui. As incentive for the closing of the Acquisition, the Company also agreed to issue to the Affiliates 5,000,000 additional
shares of the Common Stock.  

Established
on May 26, 2014, under the PRC laws, Shanghai Zhonghui offers financing and investment opportunities for small to medium sized
business and investors, including outsource of financial information technologies, investment management, investment consulting,
as well as other related asset management services in China.  

Details
of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries and its Affiliated PRC Entity as of September 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Percentage of  

Date
    of  
         
      Place
    of  
         
      Ownership
    by the  

Principal   
 
      Company  
         
      Establishment  
         
      Establishment  
         
      Company  

Activities   
 
      Consumer
    Capital Group Inc. 
    ( CCG California )  
         
      October
    14, 2009  
         
      California
    USA  

100  
      %  
         
      U.S.
    holding company and headquarters of the consolidated entities. Commencing in July 2011, CCG performs the U.S. e-commerce operations   
 
      Arki
    Beijing E-commerce Technology Corp.  
    ( Arki Beijing )  
         
      March
    6, 2008  
         
      PRC  

100  
      % (1)   
         
      Maintains
    the various computer systems, software and data. Owns the intellectual property rights of the  consumer market network .
    Performed principal e-commerce operations prior to December 2010   
 
      America
    Pine Beijing BioTech, Inc.  
    ( America Pine Beijing )  
         
      March
    21, 2007  
         
      PRC  

100  
      % (1)   
         
      Import
    and sales of healthcare products from the PRC. This operation ceased February 5, 2010. It currently assists in payment collection
    for our e-commerce business   
 
      America
    Arki Fuxin Network Management Co. Ltd.  
    ( Arki Fuxin )   
         
      November 26,
    2010  
         
      PRC  

100  
      % (1)   
         
      Commencing
    in December 2010, performs the principal daily e-commerce operations, transactions and management of the  consumer market
    network    
 
      America
    Arki Network Service Beijing Co. Ltd.  
    ( Arki Network Service  and  
    Affiliated PRC Entity )  
         
      November 26,
    2010  
         
      PRC  

0  
      % (2)   
         
      Entity
    under common control through relationships between Fei Gao and the Company. Holds the business license and permits necessary
    to conduct e-commerce operations in the PRC and maintains compliance with applicable PRC laws   
 
      Shanghai
    Zhonghui Financial Inforrnational Services LTD.  
    ( Shanghai Zhonghui )   
         
      May
    26, 2014  
         
      PRC  

50.82  
      % (3)   
         
      Offer
    financing and investment opportunities for small to medium sized business and investors, including outsource of financial
    information technologies, investment management, investment consulting, as well as other related asset management services
    in China.   
 
      Arki
    Tianjin Asset management LLP. 
    ( Arki Tianjin )  
         
      October
    22, 2015  
         
      PRC  

51  
      % (3)   
         
      Offer
    assets management, management consulting, internet information service as well as advertising design, production, agent, publishing.   

(1)  
      Wholly
    foreign owned entities (WFOE)   

(3)  
      Arki
    Network Service owned entities   

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

In
order to comply with the PRC law and regulations which prohibit foreign control of companies involved in internet content, the
Company operates its website using the licenses and permits held by Arki Network Service, a 100% PRC owned entity. The equity
interests of Arki Network Service are legally held directly by Mr. Jianmin Gao and Mr. Fei Gao, shareholders and directors of
the Company. The effective control of Arki Network Service is held by Arki Beijing and Arki Fuxin through a series of contractual
arrangements (the  Contractual Agreements ). As a result of the Contractual Agreements, Arki Beijing and Arki Fuxin
maintain the ability to control Arki Network Service, and are entitled to substantially all of the economic benefits from Arki
Network Service and are obligated to absorb all of Arki Network Service  expected losses. Therefore, the Company consolidates
Arki Network Service in accordance with SEC Regulation SX-3A-02 and Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810,
Consolidation.  

The
following is a summary of the Contractual Agreements of the Company s VIE structure:  

LOAN
AGREEMENT  

The
shareholders of Arki Network Service, namely Mr. Jianmin Gao and Mr. Fei Gao, entered into a loan agreement with Arki Fuxin on
February 3, 2011. Under this loan agreement, Arki Fuxin granted an interest-free loan of RMB 1.0 million to Mr. Jianmin Gao and
Mr. Fei Gao, collectively, for their capital contributions to Arki Network Service, as required by the PRC. The term of the loan
is for ten years from the date of execution until the date when Arki Fuxin requests repayment. Arki Fuxin may request repayment
of the loan with 30 days advance notice. The loan is not repayable at the discretion of the shareholders and is eliminated upon
consolidation.  

EXCLUSIVE
CALL OPTION AGREEMENT  

The
shareholders of Arki Network Service entered into an option agreement with Arki Fuxin on February 3, 2011, under which the shareholders
of Arki Network Service jointly and severally granted to Arki Fuxin an option to purchase their equity interests in Arki Network
Service. The purchase price will be set off against the loan repayment under the loan agreement. Arki Fuxin may exercise such
option at any time until it has acquired all equity interests of Arki Network Service or freely transferred the option to any
third party and such third party assumes the rights and obligations of the option agreement.  

EXCLUSIVE
BUSINESS COOPERATION AGREEMENT  

Arki
Fuxin and Arki Network Service entered into an exclusive business cooperation agreement deemed effective on November 26, 2010,
under which Arki Network Service engages Arki Fuxin as its exclusive provider of technical support, consulting services, maintenance
and other commercial services. Arki Network Service shall pay to Arki Fuxin service fees determined based on the net income of
Arki Network Service and are eliminated upon consolidation. Arki Fuxin shall exclusively own any intellectual property arising
from the performance of this agreement. This agreement has a term of ten years from the effective date and can only be terminated
mutually by the parties in a written agreement. During the term of the agreement, Arki Network Service may not enter into any
agreement with third parties for the provision of identical or similar service without the prior consent of Arki Fuxin.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

SHARE
PLEDGE AGREEMENT  

The
shareholders of Arki Network Service entered into a share pledge agreement with Arki Fuxin on February 3, 2011 under which the
shareholders pledged all of their equity interests in Arki Network Service to Arki Fuxin as collateral for all of the payments
due to Arki Fuxin and to secure their obligations under the above agreements. The shareholders of Arki Network Service may not
transfer or assign the shares or the rights and obligations in the share pledge agreement or create or permit any pledges which
may have an adverse effect on the rights or benefits of Arki Fuxin without Arki Fuxin s preapproval. Arki Fuxin is entitled
to transfer or assign in full or in part the shares pledged. In the event of default, Arki Fuxin as the pledge, will be entitled
to request immediate repayment of the loan or to dispose of the pledged equity interests through transfer or assignment.  

POWER
OF ATTORNEY  

The
shareholders of Arki Network Service entered into a power of attorney agreement with Arki Fuxin effective on November 26, 2010
under which the shareholders irrevocably appointed Arki Beijing and Arki Fuxin to vote on their behalf on all matters they are
entitled to vote on, including matters relating to the transfer of any or all of their respective equity interests in the entity
and the appointment of the chief executive officer and other senior management members.  

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

RECLASSIFICATIONS      

Certain
prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. These reclassifications had no impact
on net earnings and financial position.  

PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION  

The
consolidated financial statements of 2016 include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries based in the PRC,
which include America Pine Beijing, Arki Beijing, Arki Fuxin, 50.82% majority ownership in Shanghai Zhonghui, and 51% majority
ownership in Arki Tianjin. As a result of contractual arrangements with Arki Network Service, the Company consolidates Arki Network
Service in accordance with SEC Regulation SX-3A-02 and Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810, Consolidation.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

USE
OF ESTIMATES  

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.  

FOREIGN
CURRENCY TRANSLATION  

The
Company s reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The Company s functional currency is the local currency in the PRC,
the Chinese Yuan (RMB). The financial statements of the Company are translated into United States dollars in accordance with ASC
830, Foreign Currency Matters, using year-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange for
the period for revenues, costs, and expenses and historical rates for equity. Translation adjustments resulting from the process
of translating the local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in determining comprehensive income. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the cumulative translation adjustment of $16,568 and $(44,436), respectively, was
classified as accumulated of other comprehensive income in the stockholders  equity (deficit) section of the consolidated
balance sheets. The foreign currency translation adjusted to accumulated other comprehensive income was $(9,262) and $285,285
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively, and $(31,406) and $ 601,241 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

In
accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters, the Company translated the assets and liabilities into US $ using the rate
of exchange prevailing at the applicable balance sheet date and the statements of income and cash flows are translated at an average
rate during the reporting period. Adjustments resulting from the translation are recorded in investors  equity as part of
accumulated other comprehensive income.  

REVENUE
RECOGNITION  

We
recognize revenue from product sales or services rendered when the following four revenue recognition criteria are met: persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable,
and collectability is reasonably assured.  

E-commerce
revenue recognition  

We
evaluate whether it is appropriate to record the net amount of sales earned as commissions. We are not the primary obligor nor
are we subject to inventory risk as the agreements with our suppliers specify that they have the responsibility to provide the
product or service to the customer. Also, the amounts we earn from our vendors/suppliers is based on a fixed percentage and bound
contractually. Additionally, the Company does not have any obligation to resolve disputes between the vendors and the customers
that purchase the products on our website. Any disputes involving damaged, non-functional, product returns, and/or warranty defects
are resolved between the customer and the vendor. The Company has no obligation for right of return and/or warranty for any of
the sales completed using its website. Since we are not primarily obligated and amounts earned are determined using a fixed percentage,
a fixed-payment schedule, or a combination of the two, we record our revenues as commissions earned on a net basis.  

Our
sales are net of promotional discounts and rebates and are recorded when the products are shipped and title passes to customers.
Revenues are recorded net of sales and consumption taxes. We periodically provide incentive offers to our customers to encourage
purchases. Such offers include current discount offers, such as percentage discounts off current purchases, inducement offers,
such as daily sweepstakes reward opportunities that is based on volume of purchases, and other similar offers. Current discount
offers and inducement offers are presented as a net amount in  Net revenues.   

We
record deferred revenue when cash is received in advance of the performance of services or delivery of goods. Deferred revenue
is also recorded to account for the seven day grace period offered to customers for potential product disputes, if any. Deferred
revenue was both $Nil as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Servicing
fee income  

Borrowers
typically pay us a servicing fee on each payment received. The service fees compensate us for the costs we incur in servicing
the related loan, including managing funding from investors, payments to investors and maintaining borrower  account portfolios.
We record servicing fees paid by borrower as a component of operating revenue when received. Deferred revenue was $ Nil as of
September 30, 2016 and $3,720,050 as of December 31, 2015.  

Interest
income on loans  

Interest
on loan receivables is accrued monthly in accordance with their contractual terms and recorded in accrued interest receivable.
The Company does not charge prepayment penalty from customers.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

REWARD
PROGRAMS  

Reward
Programs are limited to customers residing in China. Customers may earn reward points from the purchase of merchandise and services
from the Company. Points are earned based on the amount and types of merchandise and services purchased. Customers residing in
China may redeem the reward points for drawings into our daily  Lucky Drawing  sweepstakes for chances to win cash
prizes or used for other promotion programs conducted by vendors. In addition, customers may attain a tiered membership status
based on the value of merchandise and services purchased over the past twelve months. Membership status entitles the holder to
certain discounts on future purchases of selected items on our website. We accrue for the estimated cost of redeeming the benefits
at the time the benefits are earned by the customer. There were no benefit expenses for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015.  

NON-CONTROLLING
INTEREST  

Non-controlling
interests in our subsidiary is recorded as a component of our equity, separate from the parent s equity. Purchase or sales
of equity interests that do not result in a change of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Results of operations
attributable to the non-controlling interest are included in our consolidated results of operations and, upon loss of control,
the interest sold, as well as interest retained, if any, will be reported at fair value with any gain or loss recognized in earnings.  

COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS)  

Comprehensive
income (loss) is defined to include all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions
to owners. Among other disclosures, Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 220, Comprehensive Income, requires that all items
that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial
statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements. For the years presented, the Company s
comprehensive income (loss) includes net income (loss) and foreign currency translation adjustments and is presented in the consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).  

INCOME
TAXES  

Provisions
for federal, state, and non-U.S. income taxes are calculated on reported earnings before income taxes based on current tax law
and also include, in the current period, the cumulative effect of any changes in tax rates from those used previously in determining
deferred tax assets and liabilities. Such provisions differ from the amounts currently receivable or payable because certain items
of income and expense are recognized in different time periods for financial reporting purposes than for income tax purposes.
Significant judgment is required in determining income tax provisions and evaluating tax positions.  

The
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We record a liability for the difference between the benefit recognized
and measured for financial statement purposes and the tax position taken or expected to be taken on our tax return. To the extent
that our assessment of such tax positions changes, the change in estimate is recorded in the period in which the determination
is made. Tax-related interest and penalties are classified as a component of income tax expense.  

We
have implemented certain provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes ( ASC 740 ), which clarifies the accounting and disclosure
for uncertainty in tax positions, as defined. ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain aspects
of the recognition and measurement related to accounting for income taxes. We adopted the provisions of ASC 740 as of January
1, 2007, and have analyzed filing positions in each of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) jurisdictions
where we are required to file income tax returns, as well as all open tax years in these jurisdictions. We have identified the
PRC as our  major  tax jurisdiction. Generally, we remain subject to PRC examination of our income tax returns annually.
We believe that our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments
that will result in a material change to our financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have
been recorded pursuant to ASC 740. In addition, we did not record a cumulative effect adjustment related to the adoption of ASC
740. Our policy for recording interest and penalties associated with income-based tax audits is to record such items as a component
of income taxes. Our tax provision for interim periods is determined using an estimate of our annual effective tax rate based
on rates established within the PRC and, adjusted for discrete items, if any, that are taken into account in the relevant period.
Each quarter we update our estimate of the annual effective tax rate, and if our estimated tax rate changes, we make a cumulative
adjustment. Income taxes payable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $552,881 and $570,425, respectively.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

EARNINGS
(LOSS) PER SHARE  

We
calculate basic earnings (loss) per share by dividing our net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
for the period, without considering common stock equivalents. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding for the period and the weighted average number of dilutive common stock equivalents,
such as options and warrants. Options and warrants are only included in the calculation of diluted EPS when their effect is not
anti-dilutive. The Company had no dilutive securities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, basic and diluted income (loss) per share was the same due to the Company s loss position.  

CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  

We
consider all investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents primarily
represent funds invested in bank checking accounts, money market funds and domestic Chinese bank certificates of deposit. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no cash equivalents.  

LOAN
RECEIVABLE  

Loan
receivable primarily represents the principle of loan lent to the borrowers. Management regularly reviews aging of loan receivables
and changes in payment trends and records allowance when management believes collection of amounts due are at risk. Loan receivables
considered uncollectible are written off after exhaustive efforts at collection.  

ALLOWANCE
FOR LOAN LOSSES  

The
allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated.
Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on the Company s past
loan loss history, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability
to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and
other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to
significant revision as more information becomes available.  

The
Company calculates the provision amount as below:  

1.  
      General
    Reserve   is based on total loan receivable balance and to be used to cover unidentified probable loan loss. The General
    Reserve is required to be no less than 1% of total loan receivable balance.   

2.  
      Special
    Reserve   is fund set aside covering losses due to risks related to a particular country, region, industry, borrower
    or type of loans. The reserve rate could be decided based on management estimate of loan collectability.   

INTEREST
RECEIVABLE  

Interest
receivable represents the amount of interest that has been earned as of the balance sheet date, but which has not yet been received
in cash. Management regularly reviews aging of interest receivables and changes in payment trends and records allowance when management
believes collection of amounts due are at risk. Interest receivable considered uncollectible is written off after exhaustive efforts
at collection.   

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

DEFERRED
COST  

Deferred
cost represents the deferred service charge paid or payable to a related party which is calculated based on the service fee the
Company received.  

LOANS
FROM INDIVIDUALS  

Loans
from individuals primarily represent the principle of lending funds received from the individuals through the Company s
internet platform. The interest rates of such loans ranged from 11% to 17.5% per annum with a term lasting from 3 months to 12
months.  

PROPERTY
AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost and consists of computer equipment, office equipment and furniture and is depreciated using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets (generally three years or less). Costs incurred
for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and expenditures for major replacements and improvements are capitalized
and depreciated over their estimated remaining useful lives.  

IMPAIRMENT
OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS  

We
evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as a significant adverse change to
market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate their net book value may not be recoverable. When these
events occur, we compare the projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over
their estimated useful lives against their respective carrying amount. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying
amount over the fair value, based on market value when available, or discounted expected cash flows, of those assets and is recorded
in the period in which the determination is made. The Company s management currently believes there is no impairment of
its long-lived assets. There can be no assurance, however, that market conditions will not change or demand for the Company s
products will continue. Either of these could result in the future impairment of long-lived assets.  

SEGMENT
REPORTING  

The
Company follows ASC 280, Segment Reporting. The Company s chief operating decision maker, who has been identified as the
executive chairman of the board of directors and the chief executive officer, reviews the individual results of the e-commerce
and distribution businesses when making decisions about allocating resources and assessing the performance of the Company as a
whole and hence, the Company has two reportable segments before the disposition of the Company s distribution business.
The Company s operating businesses are organized and based on the nature of markets and customers. As the Company s
long-lived assets are substantially all located in the PRC and substantially all the Company s revenues are derived from
within the PRC, no geographical segments are presented.  

FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

The
Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, advance to suppliers, prepaid expenses,
other receivables, other assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, other payables, related party payables, convertible note,
short term debt and derivative liabilities. These financial instruments are measured at their respective fair values. For fair
value measurement, US GAAP establishes a three-tier hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies
in measuring fair value:  

Level
1 observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.  

Level
2 include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.  

Level
3 unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.  

Fair
value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, advance to suppliers, prepaid expenses, other receivables, other
assets, account payable, accrued liabilities, other payables, convertible note and short term debt approximates their fair value
due to their short-term maturities.  

The
Company s Level 3 valuation relates to derivative liabilities measured using management's estimates of fair value as well
as other significant inputs, such as volatility and risk free interest rate, which may be unobservable.  

The
Company has determined the estimated fair value amounts presented in these financial statements using available market information
and appropriate methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates
of fair value. The estimates presented in the financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be
realized in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material
effect on the estimated fair value amounts.  

Management
believes it is not practical to estimate the fair value of related party payables because the transactions cannot be assumed to
have been consummated at arm s length, the terms are not deemed to be market terms, there are no quoted values available
for these instruments, and an independent valuation would not be practical due to the lack of data regarding similar instruments,
if any, and the associated potential costs.  

SHARE-BASED
COMPENSATION  

We
apply ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees to account for our service providers  share-based payments. We
gave Common stock of to service providers to retain their assistance in becoming a U.S. public company, assistance with public
company regulations, investors  communications and public relations with broker-dealers, market makers and other investment
professionals. The cost of the equity based payments is recognized ratably over the service period. We have elected to recognize
compensation expense using the straight-line method for all equity awards granted with graded vesting based on service conditions.
There were no Share-based compensation expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

DERIVATIVE
LIABILITIES  

Fair
value accounting requires bifurcation of embedded derivative instruments, such as ratchet provisions or conversion features in
convertible debt or equity instruments, and measurement of their fair value. In determining the appropriate fair value, the Company
uses the Black-Scholes pricing model. In assessing the convertible debt instruments, management determines if the convertible
debt host instrument is conventional convertible debt and further if there is a beneficial conversion feature requiring measurement.
If the instrument is not considered conventional convertible debt, the Company will continue its evaluation process of these instruments
as derivative financial instruments.  

Once
derivative liabilities are determined, they are adjusted to reflect fair value at the end of each reporting period. Any increase
or decrease in the fair value is recorded in results of operations as a change in fair value of derivatives. In addition, the
fair value of freestanding derivative instruments such as warrants, are also valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model.  

DEBT
DISCOUNT  

The
Company records debt discounts in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt. These costs are amortized to interest
expense over the life of the debt. If a conversion of the underlying debt occurs, a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts
is immediately expensed.  

CONCENTRATION
OF CREDIT RISK  

Assets
that potentially subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents,
and accounts receivable. The maximum exposure of such assets to credit risk is their carrying amounts as of the balance sheet
dates. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, substantially all of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were
deposited in financial institutions located in the PRC, which management believes are of high credit quality. Management believes
the credit risk on bank deposits is limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit-ratings assigned by international
credit rating agencies, or state-owned banks in China. Cash includes cash on hand and demand deposits in accounts maintained with
state-owned banks within the PRC and the United States of America. Balances at financial institutions or state owned banks within
the PRC are not covered by insurance. Non-performance by these institutions could expose the Company to losses for amounts in
excess of insured balances. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our bank balances with the banks in U.S. exceeded
the insured amount by $8,560 and $119,569, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our bank balances with
the Banks in the PRC amounted to $ 1,542,694 and $2,619,576, respectively, which are uninsured and subject to credit risk. We
have not experienced non-performance by these institutions.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Financial
instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents,
loan receivable from borrowers and the related accrued interest receivable. As of December 31, 2015, the Company has one significant
borrower, which accounted for 87% of total loan receivable balance. The aforementioned borrower paid service fee and interest
regularly according to the contract during the reporting period, and the Company believed that the default risk from this borrower
is low in the foreseeable future.  

CURRENCY
CONVERTIBILITY RISK  

We
transact all of our business in RMB, which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. On January 1, 1994, the PRC government
abolished the dual rate system and introduced a single rate of exchange as quoted daily by the People s Bank of China (the
 PBOC ). However, the unification of the exchange rates does not imply that the RMB may be readily convertible into
U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. All foreign exchange transactions continue to take place either through the PBOC or
other banks authorized to buy and sell foreign currencies at the exchange rates quoted by the PBOC.  

Approval
of foreign currency payments by the PBOC or other institutions requires submitting a payment application form together with suppliers 
invoices, shipping documents and signed contracts.  

Additionally,
the value of the RMB is subject to changes in central government policies and international economic and political developments
affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign exchange trading system market.  

FOREIGN
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK  

From
July 21, 2005, the RMB is permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against a basket of certain foreign currencies.
While the international reaction to the RMB appreciation has generally been positive, there remains significant international
pressure on the PRC government to adopt an even more flexible currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant
appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar.  

BUSINESS
RISK  

Foreign
ownership of Internet-based businesses is subject to significant restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations. Foreign
investors are not allowed to own more than a 50% equity interest in any entity with an Internet content distribution business.
Currently, the Company conducts its operations in China through a series of contractual arrangements entered into among Arki (Beijing)
E-Commerce Technology Corp., America Arki (Fuxin) Network Management Co. Ltd. and America Arki Network Service Beijing Co., Ltd.
The relevant regulatory authorities may find the current ownership structure, contractual arrangements and businesses to be in
violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations. If so, the relevant regulatory authorities would have broad discretion
in dealing with such violations.  

LITIGATION  

From
time to time, we may become involved in disputes, litigation and other legal actions. We estimate the range of liability related
to any pending litigation where the amount and range of loss can be estimated. We record our best estimate of a loss when the
loss is considered probable. Where a liability is probable and there is a range of estimated loss with no best estimate in the
range, we record a charge equal to at least the minimum estimated liability for a loss contingency when both of the following
conditions are met: (i) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that
an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (ii) the range of loss
can be reasonably estimated.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

A
related party is generally defined as (i) any person that holds 10% or more of the Company s securities including such person s
immediate families, (ii) the Company s management, (iii) someone that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by
or is under common control with the Company, or (iv) anyone who can significantly influence the financial and operating decisions
of the Company. A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations
between related parties.  

NOTE
3 - RECENTLY ISSUED AND ADOPTED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic
825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The new guidance is intended to improve
the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by:
(1) Requiring equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation
of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Requiring public business entities
to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (2) Requiring separate
presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities
or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; Eliminating the requirement
to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for organizations that are not public business
entities; (3) Eliminating the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used
to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance
sheet; and. (4) Requiring a reporting organization to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total
change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk (also referred to as  own
credit ) when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option
for financial instruments. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. For private companies, not-for-profit organizations, and employee benefit
plans, the new guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and for interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company does not expect this update will have a material impact on the presentation
of the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which supersedes the existing guidance for lease
accounting,  Leases (Topic 840).  ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize leases on their balance sheets, and leaves
lessor accounting largely unchanged. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified
retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to elect
to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial
statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-06,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put
and Call Options in Debt Instruments.  The amendments apply to all entities that are issuers of or investors in debt instruments
(or hybrid financial instruments that are determined to have a debt host) with embedded call (put) options. The amendments clarify
what steps are required when assessing whether the economic characteristics and risks of call (put) options are clearly and closely
related to the economic characteristics and risks of their debt hosts, which is one of the criteria for bifurcating an embedded
derivative. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the
event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. Public business
entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal
years. All other entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. All entities have the option of adopting the new requirements early, including
adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the new requirements in an interim period, it must reflect any adjustments
as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company does not expect any material impact of this
new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-07,  Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic
323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.  The amendments affect all entities that have an investment
that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree
of influence. The amendments eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result
of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations,
and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods
that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional
interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of
accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity
method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. The amendments require that an entity that has
an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the
unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use
of the equity method. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases
in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application
is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

In
April 2016, the FASB released ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting.  The ASU includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based
payments. While aimed at reducing the cost and complexity of the accounting for share-based payments, the amendments are expected
to significantly impact net income, EPS, and the statement of cash flows. Implementation and administration may present challenges
for companies with significant share-based payment activities. The ASU is effective for public companies in annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard
on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing.  The amendments clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance
obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in
Topic 606. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition
requirements in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Early application for public
entities is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods
within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial
statements.  

In
August 2016, the FASB has issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):
Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments
are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments provide guidance on the following eight specific cash
flow issues: (1) Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs; (2) Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments
with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing; (3) Contingent
Consideration Payments Made after a Business Combination; (4)Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; (5) Proceeds from
the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned; (6) Life Insurance Policies; (7) Distributions
Received from Equity Method Investees; (8) Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and Separately Identifiable Cash
Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019.
Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition
method to each period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments
for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of this new standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

NOTE
4 - ADVANCES TO SUPPLIERS  

As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, advances to suppliers consisted of the following:  

Advances
to suppliers represent interest-free cash paid in advance to suppliers for purchases of inventories. No allowance was provided
for the prepayments balance at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

NOTE
5 - PREPAID EXPENSES  

Prepaid
expenses consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE
6 - LOAN RECEIVABLES, NET  

The
interest rates on loans issued at 24% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the total loan receivables balance was $ 44,014,001 and 88% of the loan receivables are issued to one third
party small business borrower.  

Loan
receivables consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

The
Company originates loans to borrowers located primarily in Yanbian City, Jilin Province of the People s Republic of China.
This geographic concentration of credit exposes the Company to a higher degree of risk associated with this economic region.  

All
loans are short-term loans that the Company has made to business borrowers. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 6 business
loan borrowers. Loans of $ 38,856,836 (RMB259.6 million) lent to one borrower in Yanbian City are secured by collateral. The total
fair value of the collateral is approximately $42.6 million (RMB284.5million) at September 30, 2016. Allowance on loan losses
are estimated on quarterly basis in accordance with probable based on an assessment of specific evidence indicating doubtful collection,
historical experience, loan balance aging and prevailing economic conditions.  

The
allowance for loan losses was$496,702 and $Nil for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively, and $227,215
and $Nil, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. No write-offs against allowances have occurred
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

The
following table (unaudited) represents the aging of loans as of September 30, 2016:  

NOTE
7 - ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES  

The
allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated.
Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on the Company s past
loan loss history, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability
to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and
other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to
significant revision as more information becomes available.  

The
allowance is calculated at portfolio-level since our loans portfolio is typically of smaller balance homogenous loans and is collectively
evaluated for impairment.  

The
allowance consists of the combination of a quantitative assessment component based on statistical models, a retrospective evaluation
of actual loss information to loss forecasts, value of collaterals and could include a qualitative component based on management
judgment.  

Finally,
as appropriate, the Company also considers individual borrower circumstances and the condition and fair value of the loan collateral,
if any.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

In
addition, the Company also calculates the provision amount as below:  

General
    reserve  
         
      1%
    on total loan amounts at the end of year   
 
      Specific
    reserve  
         
      5%
    on specific loan amounts at the end of year   

While
management uses the best information available to make loan loss allowance evaluations, adjustments to the allowance may be necessary
based on changes in economic and other conditions or changes in accounting guidance.  

The
following tables present the activity in the allowance for loan losses and related recorded investment in loans receivable by
classes of the loans individually and collectively evaluated for impairment as of and for the nine months ended September 30,
2016:  

NOTE
8 - LOAN IMPAIRMENT  

A
loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect
the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered
by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal
and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified
as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into
consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for
the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest
owed. Impairment is measured on a loan by loan basis for corporate and personal loans by either the present value of expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent.  

An
allowance for loan losses is established for an impaired loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. Currently,
estimated fair values of substantially all of the Company s impaired loans are measured based on the estimated fair value
of the loan s collateral which approximates to the carrying value due to the short term nature of the loans.  

Loans
with modified terms are classified as troubled debt restructurings if the Company grants such borrowers concessions and it is
deemed that those borrowers are experiencing financial difficulty. Concessions granted under a troubled debt restructuring generally
involve a temporary below market rate reduction in interest rate or an extension of a loan s stated maturity date. Non-accrual
troubled debt restructurings are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under the modified terms, are
current for six consecutive months after modification. Loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are designated as impaired.  

Even
though the Company allows a one-time loan extension with a period up to the original loan period, which is usually twelve months.
The principal of the loan remains the same and the interest rate is fixed at the current interest rate at the time of extension.
Therefore, there were no troubled debt restructurings during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE
9 - DEFERRED COST   RELATED PARTY  

Deferred
cost consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Details
of this related party transaction please refer to Note 14.  

NOTE
10 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

Property
and equipment consisted of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

For three months
ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, depreciation expense was $ 2,057 and $ 6,767, respectively. For nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, depreciation expense was $ 16,861 and $ 53,246, respectively. 

NOTE
11 - GOODWILL  

Goodwill
was arising from acquisition of Shanghai Zhonghui on December 23, 2014.  

The
changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:  

The
key financial information at the date of acquisitions was as follows:  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE
12 - LOANS FROM INDIVIDUALS  

The
individuals can invest in loans that are offered through the Company s marketplace and network. All the loans have maturities
from two months to one year and with corresponding interest rates varying from 11% to 17.5%.  

Loan
from individuals consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

The
following table (unaudited) represents the aging of loans from individual September 30, 2016:  

NOTE
13 - PAYABLE TO SHAREHOLDER  

The
payable included loan payables $117,767 and $85,067 to Caesar Capital Management Ltd., a shareholder of the Company, as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The loan payables were borrowed by the Company for operating purposes, without collateral,
and were due between July 2013 to November 2013, and with an annual interest rate of 6%. On July 1, 2013, the Company entered
into an agreement with Caesar Capital Management Ltd. which extends or amends the maturity date for all the existing loans between
the Company and Caesar Capital Management Ltd. The loans became due on demand and the Company was not charged any late payment
penalty.   

NOTE
14 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

a)
Related parties:  

Name
    of related parties  
         
      Relationship
    with the Company   
 
      Mr.
    Jianmin Gao  
         
      Stockholder,
    Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company   
 
      Ms.
    Lingling Zhang  
         
      Stockholder,
    Director and Corporate Secretary   
 
      Mr.
    Fei Gao  
         
      Stockholder,
    Director and Chief Operating Officer   
 
      Ms.
    Lihua Xiao  
         
      Management   
 
       Shanghai
                                         Huirong Asset  
          Management
        Ltd.( Huirong )   
         
      Common
    Director, Hanzhen Li, between Shanghai Zhonghui Financial Service Information Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Huirong Asset Management
    Ltd.   

b)
The Company had the following related party balances at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

The
related party payables are non-interest bearing and have no specified maturity date. The Company obtained these loans to fund
operations when the Company or one of the subsidiaries was in need of cash. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company borrowed both $Nil from Mr. Jianmin Gao and made payments $118,652 and $Nil back to Mr. Jianmin Gao, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company borrowed both $Nil from Mr. Jianmin Gao and made payments $169,985
and $Nil back to Mr. Jianmin Gao, respectively.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company borrowed both $Nil from from Mr. Fei Gao and made payments $30,151
and $Nil back to Mr. Fei Gao, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company borrowed $7,833
and $Nil from Mr. Fei Gao and made payments $155,426 and $Nil back to Mr. Fei Gao, respectively.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company borrowed both $Nil from from Ms. Lihua Xiao and made payments
$44,615 and $Nil back to Ms. Lihua Xiao, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company borrowed
$117,218 and $Nil from Ms. Lihua Xiao and made payments $79,102 and $Nil back to Ms. Lihua Xiao, respectively.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company borrowed both $Nil from Huirong and made repayments of $2,183
and $Nil back to Huirong, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company borrowed $47,096 from
Huirong and made repayments of $55, 629 and $Nil back to Huirong, respectively.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the deferred cost to Huitong decreased with $12,211.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the deferred cost to Huitong increased with $848,376.  

NOTE
15 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Operating
Lease  

On
December 20, 2014, the Company entered into a lease agreement with certain individual for new office facilities of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Arki (Beijing) E-commerce Technology Corp. and America Arki Network Service Beijing Co. Ltd. The Company agreed
to pay a quarterly rent of RMB233,960, or approximately $37,136, starting on December 20, 2014. And the Company agreed to pay
a quarterly rent of RMB248,713, or approximately $39,943, starting on December 20, 2015. The lease will expire on December 26,
2016. Rent expense totaled $37,804 and $39,943 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and rent
expense totaled $114,010 and $119,829 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Total
future minimum rental lease commitments are as follows:  

Legal
Proceeding  

There
has been no legal proceeding in which the Company is a party as of September 30, 2016.  

NOTE
16 - TAXATION  

United
States  

Consumer
Capital Group Inc. was incorporated in United States, and is subject to corporate income tax rate of 34%.  

The
People's Republic of China (PRC)  

Arki
Beijing E-commerce Technology Corp. was incorporated in the People s Republic of China and subject to PRC income tax at
25%. The Company did not generate taxable income in the People s Republic of China for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 respectively.  

America
Pine Beijing Bio-Tech, Inc. was incorporated in the People s Republic of China and subject to PRC income tax at 25%. The
Company did not generate taxable income in the People s Republic of China for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 respectively.  

America
Arki (Fuxin) Network Management Co. Ltd. was incorporated in the People s Republic of China and subject to PRC income tax
at 25%. The Company did not generate taxable income in the People s Republic of China for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 respectively.  

America
Arki Network Service Beijing Co. Ltd. was incorporated in the People s Republic of China and subject to PRC income tax at
25%. The Company did not generate taxable income in the People s Republic of China for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 respectively.  

Shanghai
Zhonghui Financial Information Service Company Limited was incorporated in the People s Republic of China and subject to
PRC income tax at 25%. The Company generated taxable income in the People s Republic of China for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016.  

America
Arki (Tianjin) Capital Management Partnership was incorporated in the People s Republic of China and subject to PRC income
tax at 25%. The Company did not generate taxable income in the People s Republic of China for the period from October 22,
2015 (date of inception) to September 30, 2016.  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Beginning
January 1, 2008, the new Enterprise Income Tax ( EIT ) law has replaced the old laws for Domestic Enterprises ( DES )
and Foreign Invested Enterprises ( FIEs ). The new standard EIT rate of 25% replaces the 33% rate applicable to both
DES and FIEs.  

The
new EIT Law also imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a foreign invested enterprise to its immediate
holding company outside of China, if such immediate holding company is considered as a non-resident enterprise without any establishment
or place within China or if the received dividends have no connection with the establishment or place of such immediate holding
company within China, unless such immediate holding company s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China
that provides for a different withholding arrangement. Such withholding income tax was exempted under the previous income tax
regulations.  

Income
(Loss) before income taxes consists of:  

Income
(Loss) before income taxes consists of:  

The provision for income taxes
from operations was $124,220 and $50,809 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, $10,313 and $21,270 for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The
components of deferred taxes are as follows at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

The
management of the Company believes the net operating loss carried forward is more likely than not that these loss will not be
made up in the future.  

Taxes
payable consisted of the following:  

CONSUMER
CAPITAL GROUP, INC AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes  

The
Company adopted the provisions of Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes on January 1, 2007. The provisions clarify the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements in accordance with the standard  Accounting
for Income Taxes,  and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and
measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The provisions of Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure
and transition.  

The
Company may from time to time be assessed interest or penalties by major tax jurisdictions. In the event it receives an assessment
for interest and/or penalties, it will be classified in the financial statements as tax expense.  

The
PRC tax law provides a (3-5 years) statute of limitation and the Company s income tax returns are subject to examination
by tax authorities during that period. All penalties and interest are expensed as incurred. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no penalties and interest.  

Based
on the Company s evaluation, the Company has concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition
in its financial statements.  

NOTE
17 - EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE  

Basic
and diluted earning (loss) per share for each of the years presented are calculated as follows:  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no common stock equivalents for computing diluted earnings
(loss) per share.  

NOTE
18 - SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

As
of this report date, RMB 200 million loans to one of the Shanghai Zhonghui s borrowers have been overdue. The Company is
in the process of negotiating repayment arrangement with this borrower. Since all the overdue loans were secured by pledged of
the operating assets of the borrower of which the appraisal value is much higher than the amount of overdue loans, and Zhonghui
and the borrower have signed payment schedule agreements, the Company believes that the current provision is sufficient.  

Except
the above, there were no events or transactions other than those disclosed in this report, if any, that would require recognition
or disclosure in our unaudited consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

Item
    2.   
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

This
quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other reports filed by Consumer Capital Group, Inc. ( we,   us,   our, 
or the  Company ) from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) contain
or may contain forward-looking statements (collectively the  Filings ) and information that are based upon beliefs
of, and information currently available to, the Company s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company s
management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions
and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the filings, the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect,   future,   intend,   plan,  or the negative of these terms and similar
expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and
other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned.   

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities
laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results.   

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments,
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments,
and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.   

Overview   

We
have been primarily engaging in internet financing services since first quarter of 2015. Prior to that, we operated an online
retail platform in China at www.ccmus.com through Arki (Beijing) E-Commerce Technology Corp., our wholly owned subsidiary, and
an online retail platform at www.ccgusa.com in the United States. In addition to e-commerce services, we tried to develop a debit
card business, through America Arki Fuxin Network Management Co. Ltd., our wholly owned subsidiary. Prior to April 2014, we also
operated our meat distribution business through Beijing Beitun Trading Co., Ltd., our 51% owned subsidiary. Through Beijing Beitun
Trading Co., Ltd., we purchased meats from suppliers and distributed them to restaurants and food producers in China. On April
1, 2014, the Company sold its entire 51% equity of Beijing Beitun Trading Co. Ltd. As a result of the sale of our equity in Beitun
Trading, we no longer operate in the distribution of meat products. Because of the lack of sales generated on our two online retail
platforms, we also ceased our E-commerce business in first quarter of 2015.  

We
currently operate our business through our variable interest entity, America Arki Network Service Beijing Co., Ltd, which holds
51% interest in America Arki (Tianjin) Capital Management Partnership, a wealth management firm, and Shanghai Zhong Hui Financial
Information Service Corp., an online consumer finance platform that matches mass retail investors and companies that needs to
raise capital through debt or equity financing.  

USE
OF ESTIMATES  

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.  

FOREIGN
CURRENCY TRANSLATION  

The
Company s reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. The Company s functional currency is the local currency in the PRC,
the Chinese Yuan (RMB). The financial statements of the Company are translated into United States dollars in accordance with ASC
830, FOREIGN CURRENCY MATTERS, using year-end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities, and average rates of exchange for
the period for revenues, costs, and expenses and historical rates for equity. Translation adjustments resulting from the process
of translating the local currency financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in determining comprehensive income. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the cumulative translation adjustment of $11,155 and $44,436, respectively, was classified
as an item accumulated of other comprehensive income in the stockholders  equity (deficit) section of the consolidated balance
sheets. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the foreign currency translation adjustment to accumulate other
comprehensive deficit was $3,199 and $648,130, respectively.  

REVENUE
RECOGNITION  

We
recognize revenue from product sales or services rendered when the following four revenue recognition criteria are met: persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable,
and collectability is reasonably assured.  

E-commerce
Revenue Recognition  

We
evaluate whether it is appropriate to record the net amount of sales earned as commissions. We are not the primary obligor nor
are we subject to inventory risk as the agreements with our suppliers specify that they have the responsibility to provide the
product or service to the customer. Also, the amounts we earn from our vendors/suppliers is based on a fixed percentage and bound
contractually. Additionally, the Company does not have any obligation to resolve disputes between the vendors and the customers
that purchase the products on our website. Any disputes involving damaged, non-functional, product returns, and/or warranty defects
are resolved between the customer and the vendor. The Company has no obligation for right of return and/or warranty for any of
the sales completed using its website. Since we are not primarily obligated and amounts earned are determined using a fixed percentage,
a fixed-payment schedule, or a combination of the two, we record our revenues as commissions earned on a net basis.  

Our
sales are net of promotional discounts and rebates and are recorded when the products are shipped and title passes to customers.
Revenues are recorded net of sales and consumption taxes. We periodically provide incentive offers to our customers to encourage
purchases. Such offers include current discount offers, such as percentage discounts off current purchases, inducement offers,
such as daily sweepstakes reward opportunities that is based on volume of purchases, and other similar offers. Current discount
offers and inducement offers are presented as a net amount in  Net revenues.   

We
record deferred revenue when cash is received in advance of the performance of services or delivery of goods. Deferred revenue
is also recorded to account for the seven-day grace period offered to customers for potential product disputes, if any. Deferred
revenue was $Nil as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

P2P
platform Servicing fee income  

Borrowers
typically pay us a servicing fee on each payment received. The service fees compensate us for the costs we incur in servicing
the related loan, including managing funding from investors, payments to investors and maintaining borrower  account portfolios.
We record servicing fees paid by borrower as a component of operating revenue when received. Deferred revenue was $ nil as of
September 30, 2016 and $3,720,050 as of December 31, 2015.  

Interest
income on loans  

Interest
on loan receivables is accrued monthly in accordance with their contractual terms and recorded in accrued interest receivable.
The Company does not charge prepayment penalty from customers.  

Distribution
Revenue Recognition  

We
record product sales and shipping revenues, net of return allowances, when the products are shipped and title passes to customers.
Return allowances, which reduce product revenue, are estimated using historical experience. Revenue from product sales and services
rendered is recorded net of sales and consumption taxes.  

CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  

We
consider all investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents primarily
represent funds invested in bank checking accounts, money market funds and domestic Chinese bank certificates of deposit. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no cash equivalents.  

FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

The
Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, advance to suppliers, prepaid expenses,
other receivables, other assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, other payables, related party payables, convertible note,
short term debt and derivative liabilities. These financial instruments are measured at their respective fair values. For fair
value measurement, US GAAP establishes a three-tier hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies
in measuring fair value:  

Level
1 observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.  

Level
2 include other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.  

Level
3 unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity.  

Fair
value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value.   

The
carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, advance to suppliers, prepaid expenses, other receivables, other
assets, account payable, accrued liabilities, other payables, convertible note and short term debt approximates their fair value
due to their short-term maturities.   

The
Company s Level 3 valuation relates to derivative liabilities measured using management's estimates of fair value as well
as other significant inputs, such as volatility and risk free interest rate, which may be unobservable. See Note 15.   

The
Company has determined the estimated fair value amounts presented in these financial statements using available market information
and appropriate methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop the estimates
of fair value. The estimates presented in the financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be
realized in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material
effect on the estimated fair value amounts.  

Management
believes it is not practical to estimate the fair value of related party payables because the transactions cannot be assumed to
have been consummated at arm s length, the terms are not deemed to be market terms, there are no quoted values available
for these instruments, and an independent valuation would not be practical due to the lack of data regarding similar instruments,
if any, and the associated potential costs.  

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic
825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The new guidance is intended to improve
the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The new guidance makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by:
(1) Requiring equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation
of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Requiring public business entities
to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (2) Requiring separate
presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities
or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; Eliminating the requirement
to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for organizations that are not public business
entities; (3) Eliminating the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used
to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance
sheet; and. (4) Requiring a reporting organization to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total
change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk (also referred to as  own
credit ) when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option
for financial instruments. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. For private companies, not-for-profit organizations, and employee benefit
plans, the new guidance becomes effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and for interim periods within fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company does not expect this update will have a material impact on the presentation
of the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.   

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842),  which supersedes the existing guidance for lease
accounting,  Leases (Topic 840).  ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize leases on their balance sheets, and leaves
lessor accounting largely unchanged. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified
retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to elect
to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial
statements.   

In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-06,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put
and Call Options in Debt Instruments.  The amendments apply to all entities that are issuers of or investors in debt instruments
(or hybrid financial instruments that are determined to have a debt host) with embedded call (put) options. The amendments clarify
what steps are required when assessing whether the economic characteristics and risks of call (put) options are clearly and closely
related to the economic characteristics and risks of their debt hosts, which is one of the criteria for bifurcating an embedded
derivative. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the
event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. Public business
entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal
years. All other entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. All entities have the option of adopting the new requirements early, including
adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the new requirements in an interim period, it must reflect any adjustments
as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company does not expect any material impact of this
new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-07,  Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic
323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.  The amendments affect all entities that have an investment
that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree
of influence. The amendments eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result
of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations,
and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods
that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional
interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of
accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity
method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. The amendments require that an entity that has
an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the
unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use
of the equity method. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases
in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Earlier application
is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, the FASB released ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting.  The ASU includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based
payments. While aimed at reducing the cost and complexity of the accounting for share-based payments, the amendments are expected
to significantly impact net income, EPS, and the statement of cash flows. Implementation and administration may present challenges
for companies with significant share-based payment activities. The ASU is effective for public companies in annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard
on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
April 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing.  The amendments clarify the following two aspects of Topic 606: (a) identifying performance
obligations; and (b) the licensing implementation guidance. The amendments do not change the core principle of the guidance in
Topic 606. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments are the same as the effective date and transition
requirements in Topic 606. Public entities should apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim reporting periods therein (i.e., January 1, 2018, for a calendar year entity). Early application for public
entities is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods
within that reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial
statements.  

Results
of Operations   

Comparison
of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The
following table sets forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated in U.S. dollars  

Revenue.   

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we generated revenue of $5,739,594, compared to revenue of $2,227,752 for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $3,511,842. The significant revenue increase was mainly attributable to the change of our business as we shifted
our core business from e-commerce to internet financing with the Arki Tianjin and the acquisition of Zhong Hui. 

Operating
expenses.   

Operating
expenses totaled $720,289 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,836,634 for the three months ended September
30, 2015, a decrease of $1,116,345. The decrease is mainly attributed to the decrease in selling expenses offset by a slight increase
in general   administrative expenses.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses.   

Selling
expenses decreased by $1,199,858 from $1,456,156 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $256,298 for the three months
ended September 30, 2016. The decrease is mainly attributed to the decrease in expenses relating to the marketing and advertisement
of our services and products.  

Our
general and administrative expenses consist of salaries, office expenses, utilities, business travel, amortization expenses, public
company expenses (including legal expenses, accounting expenses and investor relations expenses). General and administrative expenses
were $463,991 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $380,478 for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $83,513. The increase is mainly attributed to the increase in compensation expenses, legal expense, and other professional
fees.  

Gain/Loss
from operations.   

As
a result of the factors described above, operating income was $5,019,305 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to operating income of $391,118 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of approximately $4,628,187.  

Other
income and expenses.   

We incurred other expenses of $5,231,402 mainly due to interest
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $176 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The significant
increase is mainly due to the increase of interest expenses attributable to the increased loan from individuals for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the same period in 2015. 

Net
income/loss.   

Our net
loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $252,666, compared to net income of $193,436 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015, representing a decrease of net income of $446,102. The decrease of net income is mainly due to the increase
of interest expenses. 

Foreign
currency translation.   

Our
consolidated financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars but the functional currency of our operating subsidiary is RMB.
Results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, assets and liabilities are translated
at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Translation adjustments
resulting from the process of translating the financial statements denominated in RMB into U.S. dollars are included in determining
comprehensive income. Our foreign currency translation loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $9,262, compared
to translation gain of $285,285 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $294,547. The significant decrease
is mainly due to the depreciation of RMB against U.S. dollars during 2016.  

Comparison
of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The
following table sets forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated in U.S. dollars  

Revenue.   

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated revenue of $11,021,073, compared to revenue of $2,923,585 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $8,097,488. The significant revenue increase was mainly attributable to the change
of our business as we shifted our core business from e-commerce to internet financing with the Arki Tianjin and the acquisition
of Zhong Hui.  

Operating
expenses.   

Operating
expenses totaled $2,603,360 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2,850,934 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, a decrease of $247,574. The decrease is mainly attributed to the decrease in selling expenses offset by increase in
general   administrative expenses.  

Selling,
general and administrative expenses.   

Selling
expenses decreased from $1,842,372 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $689,722 for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, a decrease of $1,152,650. The decrease is mainly attributed to the decrease in expenses relating to the marketing and
advertisement of our services and products.  

Our
general and administrative expenses consist of salaries, office expenses, utilities, business travel, amortization expenses, public
company expenses (including legal expenses, accounting expenses and investor relations expenses). General and administrative expenses
were $1,913,638 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,008,562 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
an increase of $905,076. The increase is mainly attributed to the increase in compensation expenses, legal expense, and other
professional fees.  

Gain/Loss
from operations.   

As
a result of the factors described above, operating income was $8,417,713 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to operating income of $72,651 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of approximately $8,345,062.  

Other
income and expenses.   

We incurred other expenses of $8,234,594
mainly due to the interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $986 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The significant increase is mainly due to the increase of interest expenses attributable to the increased loan from
individuals for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the same period in 2015. 

Net
income/loss.   

Our net loss for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $213,562, compared to net income of $25,611 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of net income
of $239,173. The decrease of net income is mainly due to the increase of interest expenses.  

Foreign
currency translation.   

Our
consolidated financial statements are expressed in U.S. dollars but the functional currency of our operating subsidiary is RMB.
Results of operations and cash flows are translated at average exchange rates during the period, assets and liabilities are translated
at the unified exchange rate at the end of the period and equity is translated at historical exchange rates. Translation adjustments
resulting from the process of translating the financial statements denominated in RMB into U.S. dollars are included in determining
comprehensive income. Our foreign currency translation loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $31,406, compared
to translation gain of $601,241 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase in loss of 632,647. The significant
decrease is mainly due to the depreciation of RMB against U.S. dollars during 2016.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

All
of our business operations are carried out by our PRC Subsidiaries, and all of the cash generated by our operations has been held
by that entity. In order to transfer such cash to our parent entity, Consumer Capital Group, Inc., which is a Delaware corporation,
we would need to rely on dividends, loans or advances made by our PRC subsidiaries. Such transfers may be subject to certain regulations
or risks. To date, our parent entity has paid its expenses by raising capital through private placement transactions. In the future,
in the event that our parent entity is unable to raise needed funds from private investors, our PRC Subsidiaries would have to
transfer funds to our parent entity.  

PRC
regulations relating to statutory reserves and currency conversion would impact our ability to transfer cash within our corporate
structure. The Company Law of the PRC applicable to Chinese companies provides that net after tax income should be allocated by
the following rules:  

1.
10% of after tax income to be allocated to a statutory surplus reserve until the reserve amounts to 50% of the company s
registered capital.  

2.
If the accumulate balance of statutory surplus reserve is not enough to make up the Company s cumulative prior years 
losses, the current year s after tax income should be first used to make up the losses before the statutory surplus reverse
is drawn.  

3.
Allocation can be made to the discretionary surplus reserve, if such a reserve is approved at the meeting of the equity owners.  

Therefore,
the Company is required to maintain a statutory reserve in China that limits any equity distributions to its shareholders. The
maximum amount of the shareholders has not been reached. The company has never distributed earnings to shareholders and has consistently
stated in the Company s filings it has no intentions to do so.  

The
RMB cannot be freely exchanged into Dollars. The State Administration of Foreign Exchange ( SAFE ) administers foreign
exchange dealings and requires that they be conducted though designated financial institutions.  

These
factors will limit the amount of funds that we can transfer from our PRC Subsidiaries to our parent entity and may delay any such
transfer. In addition, upon repatriation of earnings of PRC Subsidiaries to the United States, those earnings may become subject
to United States federal and state income taxes. We have not accrued any U.S. federal or state tax liability on the undistributed
earnings of our foreign subsidiary because those funds are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in our international operations.
Accordingly, taxes imposed upon repatriation of those earnings to the U.S. would reduce the net worth of the Company.  

As
of September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents were $1,551,254.  

The
following table sets forth information about our net cash flow for the periods indicated:  

Cash
Flows Data:  

Net
cash flow used in operating activities was $3,415,911 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4,051,127 provided
by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of cash used of $7,467,038. The increase in
net cash flow used in operating activities was mainly due to the increased expenses relating to the shift of our core business.  

Net
cash flow used in investing activities was $6,261,367 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $36,797,751 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $30,536,384. The significant decrease is mainly due to the decreased
loan receivables lent out for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the same period in 2015.  

Net
cash flow provided by financing activities was $9,429,293 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $33,857,723
provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of $24,428,520. The decrease in net
cash flow provided by financing activities was mainly due to the decreased loan from individuals borrowed in for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with the same period in 2015.  

Concentration
of Business and Credit Risk   

Assets that potentially
subject the Company to significant concentration of credit risk primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, and accounts receivable.
The maximum exposure of such assets to credit risk is their carrying amounts as of the balance sheet dates. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, substantially all of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were deposited in financial institutions
located in the PRC, which management believes are of high credit quality. Management believes the credit risk on bank deposits
is limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit-ratings assigned by international credit rating agencies, or state-owned
banks in China. Cash includes cash on hand and demand deposits in accounts maintained with state-owned banks within the PRC and
the United States of America. Balances at financial institutions or state owned banks within the PRC are not covered by insurance.
Non-performance by these institutions could expose the Company to losses for amounts in excess of insured balances. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our bank balances with the banks in U.S. exceeded the insured amount by $8,560 and $119,569, respectively.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our bank balances with the Banks in the PRC amounted to $1,542,694 and $2,619,576,
respectively, which are uninsured and subject to credit risk. We have not experienced non-performance by these institutions. 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents,
loan receivable from borrowers and the related accrued interest receivable. As of December 31, 2015, the Company has one significant
borrower, which accounted for 83% of total loan receivable balance. The aforementioned borrower paid service fee and interest
regularly according to the contract during the reporting period, and the Company believed that the default risk from this borrower
is low in the foreseeable future.  

Contractual
Obligations   

Lease
commitments   

On
December 21, 2014, the Company entered into a one-year sublease agreement (the  Lease ) with Days Service Group, LLC,
a New York limited liability company ( Days Service ) for its new principal executive office located at 136-82 39th
Ave, 4th Floor, Unit B, Flushing, NY 11354. Days Service previously entered into a 15-year lease agreement with Ming Seng  
Associates, LLC and was the current tenant of 136-82 39th Ave, 4th Floor, Flushing, NY 11354, starting on November 1, 2014. Pursuant
to the terms of the Lease, the Company agreed to pay a monthly rent of $1,200. The Lease started on January 1, 2015 and was renewed
on January 1, 2016. The current lease will expire on December 31, 2016.  

On
December 20, 2014, the Company entered into a lease agreement with certain individual for new office facilities of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Arki (Beijing) E-commerce Technology Corp. and America Arki Network Service Beijing Co. Ltd. The offices are located
at Suite 1101 and Suite 1105, Building #4, Guanghua Road #2, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China. The lease agreement was renewed
on December 27, 2015. The Company agreed to pay a monthly rent of approximately $13,000. The lease will expire on December 26,
2016.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We
do not have any off balance sheet arrangements.  

Item
    3.   
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

Not
required because we are a smaller reporting company.  

Item
    4.   
       Controls
    and Procedures.    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation,
with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that despite our hiring of a financial consultant who is familiar with U.S. GAAP
and additional trainings offered to our staff in the accounting department and improvements in internal control over financial
reporting, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2016 for the material weakness describe
below.  

Lack
    of US GAAP expertise - Despite our efforts to improve the Company s controls and procedures, our accounting personnel
    do not have sufficient knowledge, experience and training in maintaining our books and records and preparing financial statements
    in accordance with US GAAP standards and SEC rules and regulations. As such, our personnel do not have adequate accounting
    skills and understanding necessary to fulfill the requirements of US GAAP-based reporting, including the skills of US GAAP-based
    period end closing, consolidation of financial statements, and US GAAP conversion, and they are inadequately supervised by
    persons with requisite qualifications.   

Our
management has identified the following steps to address the above material weakness:  

(1)
We have been engaging with a financial accountant to assist us in preparing our financial statements in accordance with US GAAP
standards and SEC rules and regulations.  

(2)
We intend to hire, as needed, key accounting personnel with technical accounting expertise and reorganize the finance department
to ensure that accounting personnel with adequate experience, skills and knowledge relating to complex, non-routine transactions
are directly involved in the review and accounting evaluation of our complex, non-routine transactions.  

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting   

There
has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. We will continue to monitor the deficiencies identified in internal controls and make changes that our management deems
necessary.  

PART
II OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
    1.   
       Legal
    Proceedings.    

There
are no other actions, suits, proceedings, inquiries or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency,
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries,
threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries 
officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.  

Item
    1A.   
       Risk
    Factors.    

We
believe there are no changes that constitute material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K and Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2016 and July 19, 2016 respectively.  

Item
    2.   
       Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

There
were no unregistered sales of the Company s equity securities during the three months ended June 30, 2016, that were not
otherwise disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K.  

Item
    3.   
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities.    

There
has been no default in the payment of principal, interest, sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default,
with respect to any indebtedness of the Company.  

Item
    4.   
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures.    

Not
applicable.  

Item
    5.   
       Other
    Information.    

There
is no other information required to be disclosed under this item which was not previously disclosed.  

Item
    6.   
       Exhibits.    

+
In accordance with SEC Release 33-8238, Exhibits 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 are being furnished and not filed.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

CONSUMER
    CAPITAL GROUP, INC.    

Dated:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/
    Jianmin Gao    

Jianmin
    Gao   

Chief
    Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer   

35  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_consumer.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION   

   OF
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302   

   OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Jianmin Gao, certify that:  

1.
I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Consumer Capital Group Inc.;  

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

(d)       Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.
The registrants  other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:
November 14, 2016   

/s/
    Jianmin Gao  

Jianmin
Gao  

  Chief
Executive Officer  

  Chief
Financial Officer  

  (Principal
Executive Officer    

  Principal
Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10q0916ex32i_consumer.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906   

   OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

Pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States
Code), the undersigned officer of Consumer Capital Group Inc. (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s
knowledge, that:  

The
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained
in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as
of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-Q.  

Date:
November 14, 2016   

/s/
    Jianmin Gao  

Jianmin
    Gao  

Chief
    Executive Officer  

(Principal
    Executive Officer)  

The
foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and,
accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless
of any general incorporation language in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 4
 f10q0916ex32ii_consumer.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a)
and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Consumer Capital Group Inc. (the
 Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
(the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-Q. 

Date: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Jianmin Gao   

Jianmin Gao 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as
part of the Form 10-Q for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not incorporated by
reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ccgn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ccgn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ccgn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ccgn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ccgn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ccgn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

