<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_724742_0001144204-16-132084_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3144898</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>242590</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>204094</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>681574</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1271883</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>647528</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>100</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132084.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107162407
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132084
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trinity Place Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000724742
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [6512]
		IRS NUMBER:				222465228
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08546
		FILM NUMBER:		161978412

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1303
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 235-2190

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 5TH AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1303
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trinity Place Holdings Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYMS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132084.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v451504_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

x         QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016  

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the transition period from_____________
to _____________ 

Commission File Number 001-08546  

TRINITY PLACE HOLDINGS INC.  
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Delaware  
      22-2465228   
 
     (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  
 
     Incorporation or Organization) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code:  (212) 235-2190  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check One): 

Large Accelerated Filer               Accelerated
Filer  x            Non-Accelerated Filer     

 Smaller Reporting Company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes        No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes  x     No     

As of November 7, 2016, there were 25,493,521
shares of the registrant s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding. 

INDEX  

PAGE NO.   
 
      PART I.  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
     3  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (audited)(restated)  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and thirteen and twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 (unaudited)  
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
     5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 (unaudited)  
     6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
     7  

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     23  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     31  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     32  

PART II.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
     33  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     33  

Item 1A.   
      Risk Factors  
     33  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     33  

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     33  

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     34  

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
     34  

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
     34  

PART I.     FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Financial Statements 

TRINITY PLACE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except par value and
share amounts) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

TRINITY PLACE HOLDINGS INC. 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

TRINITY PLACE HOLDINGS INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF STOCKOLDERS' EQUITY  

(In thousands)   

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

TRINITY PLACE HOLDINGS INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS  

   (In thousands)   

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Trinity Place Holdings Inc.   
 
      Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
 
      September 30, 2016   

Note 1   BUSINESS 

Overview 

Trinity Place Holdings Inc. (referred to in
this Quarterly Report as  Trinity ,  we ,  our , or  us ) is a real estate holding,
investment and asset management company. Our business is primarily to own, invest in, manage, develop and/or redevelop real estate
assets and/or real estate related securities. Currently, our principal asset is a property located at 77 Greenwich Street ( 77
Greenwich ) in Lower Manhattan, formerly known as 28-42 Trinity Place. We also own a retail strip center located in West
Palm Beach, Florida and former retail properties in Westbury, New York and Paramus, New Jersey. We also control a variety of intellectual
property assets focused on the consumer sector, through which we launched our on-line marketplace at FilenesBasement.com in September
2015. We had approximately $225.3 million of Federal net operating loss carry forwards ( NOLs ) at September 30, 2016. 

As described in greater detail in our 2015
Transition Report, the predecessor to Trinity is Syms Corp. ( Syms ). Syms and its subsidiaries (the  Debtors ),
filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ( Bankruptcy Code 
or  Chapter 11 ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the  Court ) on November
2, 2011 (the  Petition Date ). On August 30, 2012, the Court entered an order confirming the Modified Second Amended
Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization of Syms Corp. and its Subsidiaries (the  Plan ). On September 14, 2012, the
Plan became effective and the Debtors consummated their reorganization under Chapter 11 through a series of transactions contemplated
by the Plan and emerged from bankruptcy. As part of those transactions, reorganized Syms merged with and into Trinity, with Trinity
as the surviving corporation and successor issuer pursuant to Rule 12g-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Change from Liquidation Accounting to
Going Concern Accounting 

In response to the Chapter 11 filing, we adopted
the liquidation basis of accounting effective October 30, 2011. Under the liquidation basis of accounting, assets are stated at
their net realizable value, liabilities are stated at their net settlement amount and estimated costs over the period of liquidation
are accrued to the extent reasonably determinable. Effective February 9, 2015, the closing date of the 77 Greenwich Loan transaction
described in Note 5 - Loans Payable, we ceased reporting on the liquidation basis of accounting in light of our available cash
resources, the estimated range of outstanding payments on unresolved claims, and our ability to operate as a going concern. We
resumed reporting on the going concern basis of accounting on February 10, 2015. Because the bases of accounting are non-comparable
to each other and due to the change in our fiscal year (see Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   Accounting
Period below), we are not reporting information for periods prior to February 10, 2015. 

On March 8, 2016, a General Unsecured Claim
Satisfaction (as defined in the Plan) occurred. On March 14, 2016, we made the Majority Shareholder payment (as defined in the
Plan) to the former Majority Shareholder (as defined in the Plan) in the amount of approximately $6.9 million. As of September
30, 2016, the only claim remaining to be paid, excluding claims covered by insurance, is an aggregate of $2.7 million payable to
the multi-employer pension plan in quarterly installments of $0.2 million, which is included in pension liabilities in our condensed
consolidated balance sheets (see Note 7   Pension and Profit Sharing Plans for further details). Upon the General Unsecured
Claim Satisfaction and payment to the former Majority Shareholder, we satisfied our payment and reserve obligations under the Plan
and we have no further liability to the former Majority Shareholder. 

The descriptions of certain transactions, payments
and other matters contemplated by the Plan above and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are summaries only and do
not purport to be complete and are qualified in all respects by the actual provisions of the Plan and related documents. 

Note 2   Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP )
and include our financial statements and the financial statements of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
interim financial information has been prepared according to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Certain information and footnote
disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted in
accordance with such rules and regulations. Our management believes that the disclosures presented in these unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. In management s opinion,
all adjustments and eliminations, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the financial position
and results of operations for the reported periods have been included. The results of operations for such interim periods are not
necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information
should be read in conjunction with our December 31, 2015 audited consolidated financial statements, as previously filed with the
SEC in our 2015 Transition Report, and other public information. 

a.  
  Accounting Period   - Our fiscal year has historically been
a 52-week or 53-week period ending on the Saturday on or nearest to February 28. The fiscal year ended February 28, 2015 was comprised
of 52 weeks. On November 12, 2015, our Board of Directors approved a change to our fiscal year end from the Saturday closest to
the last day of February to a December 31 calendar year end, effective with the year ending December 31, 2015. The transition
period resulting from this change was from March 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015. This reported third quarter presents the period
from July 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016 compared to the thirteen weeks from May 31, 2015 to August 29, 2015, the nine month period
from January 1, 2016 to September 30, 2016 and the twenty-six week period from March 1, 2015 to August 29, 2015.  

b.   Principles
of Consolidation  -  The
financial statements include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation.   

c.   Use
of Estimates  -  The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates.   

d.    Reportable
Segments   -  For
the periods ending September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015 and August 29, 2015, we operated in one reportable segment, namely, commercial
real estate.   

e.    Concentrations
of Credit Risk   -  Our
financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents. We hold
substantially all of our cash and cash equivalents in banks. Such cash balances at times exceed federally-insured limits. We have
not experienced any losses in such accounts.   

f.    Real
Estate   -  Real
estate assets are stated at historical cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. All costs related to the improvement
or replacement of real estate properties are capitalized. Additions, renovations and improvements that enhance and/or extend the
useful life of a property are also capitalized. Expenditures for ordinary maintenance, repairs and improvements that do not materially
prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation and amortization are determined
using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives described in the table below:   

Category  
       
      Terms   

Buildings and improvements  
       
      10 - 39 years   
 
      Tenant improvements  
       
      Shorter of remaining term of the lease or useful life   

g.      Real
Estate Under Development   - We capitalize certain costs related to
the development and redevelopment of real estate including initial project acquisition costs, pre-construction costs and
construction costs for each specific project. Additionally, we capitalize operating costs, real estate taxes, insurance,
interest, and salaries and related costs of personnel directly involved with the specific project related to real estate
under development, which totaled $2.1 million and $7.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, and $1.5 million and $5.1 million for the thirteen and twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015, respectively.
Capitalization of these costs begins when the activities and related expenditures commence, and ceases when the property is
held available for occupancy upon substantial completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from the
completion of major construction activity at which time the project is placed in service and depreciation commences. Revenue
earned under short-term license agreements at properties under development is offset against these capitalized
costs.   

h.    Valuation
of Long-Lived Assets -  We periodically review long-lived assets for impairment
whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. We consider relevant
cash flow, management s strategic plans and significant decreases in the market value of the asset and other available information
in assessing whether the carrying value of the assets can be recovered. When such events occur, we compare the carrying amount
of the assets to the undiscounted expected future cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. If this comparison
indicates an impairment, the carrying amount would then be compared to the estimated fair value of the long-lived asset. An impairment
loss would be measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its estimated fair value. No
provision for impairment was recorded at either September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.   

i.     Trademarks
and Customer Lists   - Trademarks and customer lists are stated at cost,
less accumulated amortization. Amortization is determined using the straight-line method over useful lives of 10 years.   

j.     Fair
Value Measurement   - We determine fair value in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) 820-10-05 for financial assets and liabilities. This standard defines fair value, provides guidance
for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures.   

Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters. Where
observable prices or inputs are not available, valuation models are applied. These valuation techniques involve some level of management
estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency for the instruments or market and the instruments 
complexity. 

Assets and liabilities disclosed at fair value
are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Hierarchical levels,
which are defined by ASC 820-10-35, are directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation
of these assets and liabilities. Determining which category an asset or liability falls within the hierarchy requires significant
judgment and we evaluate our hierarchy disclosures each quarter. 

Level 1  - Valuations based on quoted
prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2  - Valuations based on observable
inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets,
quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable
or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3  - Valuations based on unobservable
inputs reflecting management s own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants.
These valuations require significant judgment. 

k.    Cash
and Cash Equivalents     - Cash and cash equivalents include securities with original
maturities of three months or less.  

l.   Restricted Cash -  Restricted
cash represents amounts required to be restricted under the 77 Greenwich Loan agreement and the West Palm Beach loan agreement
(see Note 5 - Loans Payable), tenant security deposits and a deposit on an acquisition (see Note 12   Subsequent Event). 

m.   Revenue Recognition and Accounts
Receivable  - Leases with tenants are accounted for as operating leases. Minimum rents are recognized on a straight-line basis
over the term of the respective leases, beginning when the tenant takes possession of the space. The excess of rents recognized
over amounts contractually due pursuant to the underlying leases are included in deferred rents receivable. In addition, leases
typically provide for the reimbursement of real estate taxes, insurance and other property operating expenses. These reimbursements
are recognized as revenue in the period the expenses are incurred. We make estimates of the uncollectability of our accounts receivable
related to tenant revenues. An allowance for doubtful accounts has been provided against certain tenant accounts receivable that
are estimated to be uncollectible. Once the amount is ultimately deemed to be uncollectible, it is written off. 

n.   Stock-Based Compensation 
  We have granted stock-based compensation, which is described below in Note 11   Stock-Based Compensation. We account
for stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718-30-30, which establishes accounting for stock-based awards exchanged for
employee services. Under the provisions of ASC 718-10-35, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on
the fair value of the award on that date, and is expensed at the grant date (for the portion that vests immediately) or ratably
over the respective vesting periods (see Adoption of New Accounting Principle below). 

o.   Income Taxes  - We account
for income taxes under the asset and liability method as required by the provisions of ASC 740,  Income Taxes . Under
this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are established based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases
of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are
expected to reverse. We provide a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which we do not consider realization of such
assets to be more likely than not. 

ASC 740-10-65 addresses the determination of
whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under ASC
740-10-65, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized
in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty
percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. ASC 740-10-65 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. As of both September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had determined that no liabilities were required in connection with unrecognized tax positions.
As of September 30, 2016, our tax returns for the prior three years are subject to review by the Internal Revenue Service. 

We are subject to Federal, state, and certain
local and franchise taxes. 

p.   Earnings (loss) Per Share
-  We present both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share. Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net
income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock
were exercised or converted into common stock, where such exercise or conversion would result in a lower per share amount. Shares
issuable under restricted stock units that have vested but not yet settled were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings
(loss) per share because the awards would have been antidilutive for the periods presented. 

q.   Deferred Financing Costs 
  Deferred financing costs represent commitment fees, legal, title and other third party costs associated with obtaining
commitments for financing which result in a closing of such financing. These costs are being offset against loans payable on the
condensed consolidated balance sheets. These costs are amortized over the terms of the respective financing. Unamortized deferred
financing costs are expensed when the associated debt is refinanced or repaid before maturity. Costs incurred in seeking financing
transactions, which do not close, are expensed in the period in which it is determined that the financing will not close. 

r . Deferred Lease Costs    Deferred
lease costs consist of fees and direct costs incurred to initiate and renew operating leases and are amortized on a straight-line
basis over the related lease term. 

s.  Underwriting Commissions and Costs  
 Underwriting commissions and costs incurred in connection with our stock offerings are reflected as a reduction of additional
paid-in-capital. 

t.  Reclassifications    Certain
prior year financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation due to the adoption of
Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09 and ASU 2015-03 as described below. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments (A Consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force). This ASU provides specific guidance over eight identified
cash flow issues. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption
is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of this standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 changes how companies
account for certain aspects of share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures
and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 is
effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those annual periods.  If
an entity early adopts in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
that interim period and the entity must adopt all of the amendments from ASU 2016-09 in the same period.  We elected
to early adopt ASU 2016-09 as of January 1, 2016 and the adoption has resulted in an adjustment of a reduction in real estate,
net of $0.5 million, a reduction in liability related to stock-based compensation of $5.1 million, an increase in additional paid-in
capital of $4.4 million and an increase in retained earnings of $0.2 million (see Adoption of New Accounting Principle below). 

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The new standard requires a lessor to classify leases as either sales-type, finance or operating.
A lease will be treated as a sale if it transfers all of the risks and rewards, as well as control of the underlying asset, to
the lessee. If risks and rewards are conveyed without the transfer of control, the lease is treated as a financing. If the lessor
does not convey risks and rewards or control, an operating lease results. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
for lessors for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The new standard establishes
a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet
for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification
affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period
presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are currently evaluating the impact of our
pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 

In September 2015, FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,
 Business Combination (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement Period Adjustments.  ASU 2015-16 requires
adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the reporting period in
which the adjustment amounts are determined. This includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or
other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at
the acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 requires an entity to disclose the nature and amount of measurement-period adjustments recognized
in the current period, including separately the amounts in current-period income statement line items that would have been recorded
in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. The
adoption of ASU 2015-16 did not impact our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of Effective Date . ASU 2015-14 defers the effective date of adoption
of ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods within that reporting period. ASU 2014-09 was issued in May 2014 and it supersedes nearly all existing
revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services
are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods
or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates
may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing GAAP. The standard is effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein, using either of the following transition methods: (i) a
full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect
certain practical expedients, or (ii) a retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASU 2014-09 recognized
at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending
adoption of ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet determined the method by which the standard will
be adopted. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04,
 Compensation   Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer s
Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets . ASU 2015-04 provides a practical expedient that permits the entity to measure
defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity s fiscal year-end and apply
that practical expedient consistently from year to year. ASU 2015-04 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of ASU 2015-04 is not expected to
have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,
 Interest - Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.  ASU 2015-03 modifies the
treatment of debt issuance costs from a deferred charge to a deduction of the carrying value of the financial liability. We adopted
ASU 2015-03 effective January 1, 2016, resulting in the reclassification of $385,000 from prepaid expenses and other assets, net,
to loans payable, net, as of December 31, 2015. There was no effect on the results of operations for any period presented (see
Changes in Accounting Principles below). 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,
 Consolidation (Topic 810)   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.  ASU 2015-02 amends the consolidation
requirements in ASC 810,  Consolidation  and changes the required consolidation analysis. The amendments in ASU No.
2015-02 affect reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities. The amendments
impact limited partnerships and legal entities, the evaluation of fees paid to a decision maker or service provider of a variable
interest, the effect of fee arrangements on the primary beneficiary determination, the effect of related parties on the primary
beneficiary determination, and certain investment funds. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 did not have any impact on our consolidated
financial statements. 

Adoption of New Accounting Principle 

As noted above, FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   The
new standard contains several amendments that will simplify the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including
the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The changes in the new standard eliminate the accounting for
excess tax benefits to be recognized in additional paid-in capital and tax deficiencies recognized either in the income tax provision
or in additional paid-in capital. We elected adoption of ASU 2016-09 in the first quarter of 2016 using the prospective approach.
For the three months ended March 31, 2016, we recognized all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or
benefit as a discrete event. No income tax benefit or expense was recognized in the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016
as a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09. There will be no change to retained earnings with respect to excess tax benefits,
as this is not applicable to us as  any tax benefits associated with stock compensation were historically not recorded with
any windfalls or shortfalls that would give rise to APIC pool adjustments and is not expected to be recognized in the  foreseeable
future. The treatment of forfeitures has not changed as we are electing to continue our current process of estimating the number
of forfeitures. As such, this has no cumulative effect on retained earnings. With the early adoption of ASU 2016-09 on a prospective
basis, the adoption had no impact on our prior period statement of operations, statement of cash flow, balance sheet and statement
of stockholders equity.  

As
reported on Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, we early adopted the provisions of ASU 2016-09 and
restated our December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet.  Subsequent to the filing, we determined that such
adoption should have been effected as of January 1, 2016 and as such we corrected our condensed consolidated balance sheet
and condensed consolidated statement of stockholders    equity
at December 31, 2015  on  Form 10-Q filed for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.  The correction had no impact on the
consolidated financial statements as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2016.  

Note 3   Real Estate, Net 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, real estate, net, includes the following (in thousands): 

Real estate under development consists of the
77 Greenwich, Paramus, New Jersey and Westbury, New York properties. Buildings and building improvements, tenant improvements and
land consist of the West Palm Beach, Florida property. 

Note 4   Prepaid Expenses and Other
Assets, Net 

Prepaid expenses and other assets, net, include
the following (in thousands): 

Note 5   Loans Payable 

77 Greenwich Loan  

On February 9, 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary
that owns 77 Greenwich and related assets ( TPH Greenwich Borrower ), entered into a loan agreement with Sterling National
Bank as lender and administrative agent (the  Agent ) and Israel Discount Bank of New York as lender, pursuant to which
we borrowed $40.0 million (the  77 Greenwich Loan ). The 77 Greenwich Loan can be increased up to $50.0 million, subject
to satisfaction of certain conditions. The 77 Greenwich Loan matures on February 8, 2017, subject to a six month extension to August
8, 2017 under certain circumstances. 

The 77 Greenwich Loan bears interest at a rate
per annum equal to the greater of (i) the rate published from time to time by the Wall Street Journal as the U.S. Prime Rate plus
1.25% (the  Contract Rate ) or (ii) 4.50% and requires interest only payments through maturity. The interest rate on
the 77 Greenwich Loan was 4.50% through December 16, 2015, at which time it was increased to 4.75%. The Contract Rate will be increased
by 1.5% per annum during any period in which TPH Greenwich Borrower does not maintain funds in its deposit accounts with Agent
sufficient to make payments then due under the 77 Greenwich Loan documents. TPH Greenwich Borrower can prepay the 77 Greenwich
Loan at any time, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. 

The collateral for the 77 Greenwich Loan is
TPH Greenwich Borrower s fee interest in 77 Greenwich and the related air rights, which is the subject of a mortgage in favor
of the Agent. TPH Greenwich Borrower also entered into an environmental compliance and indemnification undertaking. 

The 77 Greenwich Loan agreement requires TPH
Greenwich Borrower to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants including restrictions on debt, liens, business activities,
distributions and dividends, disposition of assets and transactions with affiliates. TPH Greenwich Borrower has established blocked
accounts with the initial lenders, and pledged the funds maintained in such accounts, in the amount of 9% of the outstanding loans.
The 77 Greenwich Loan agreement also provides for certain events of default. As of September 30, 2016, TPH Greenwich Borrower was
in compliance with all 77 Greenwich Loan covenants. 

We entered into a Nonrecourse Carve-Out Guaranty
pursuant to which we agreed to guarantee certain items, including losses arising from fraud, intentional harm to 77 Greenwich,
or misapplication of loan, insurance or condemnation proceeds, a voluntary bankruptcy filing by TPH Greenwich Borrower, and the
payment by TPH Greenwich Borrower of maintenance costs, insurance premiums and real estate taxes. 

West Palm Beach, Florida Loan  

On May 11, 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary
that owns our West Palm Beach, Florida property commonly known as The Shoppes at Forest Hill (the  TPH Forest Hill Borrower ),
entered into a loan agreement with Citizens Bank, National Association, as lender (the  WPB Lender ), pursuant to which
the WPB Lender will provide a loan to the TPH Forest Hill Borrower in the amount of up to $12.6 million, subject to the terms and
conditions as set forth in the Loan Agreement (the  WPB Loan ). TPH Forest Hill Borrower borrowed $9.1 million under
the WPB Loan at closing. The WPB Loan requires interest-only payments and bears interest at the 30-day LIBOR plus 230 basis points.
The effective rate at September 30, 2016 was 2.82%. The WPB Loan matures on May 11, 2019, subject to extension until May 11, 2021
under certain circumstances. The TPH Forest Hill Borrower can prepay the WPB Loan at any time, in whole or in part, without premium
or penalty. 

The collateral for the WPB Loan is the TPH
Forest Hill Borrower s fee interest in our West Palm Beach, Florida property commonly known as The Shoppes at Forest Hill.
The WPB Loan requires the TPH Forest Hill Borrower to comply with various customary affirmative and negative covenants and provides
for certain events of default, the occurrence of which permit the WPB Lender to declare the WPB Loan due and payable, among other
remedies. As of September 30, 2016, the TPH Forest Hill Borrower was in compliance with all WPB Loan covenants. 

On May 11, 2016 we entered into an interest
rate cap agreement as required under the WPB Loan. The interest rate cap agreement provides the right to receive cash if the reference
interest rate rises above a contractual rate. We paid a premium of $14,000 for the 3.0% interest rate cap for the 30-day LIBOR
rate on the notional amount of $9.1 million. The fair value of the interest rate cap of as of September 30, 2016 is recorded in
prepaid expenses and other assets in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. We did not designate this interest rate cap as a
hedge and are recognizing the change in estimated fair value in interest expense. During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, we recorded additional interest expense of approximately $1,000 and $2,000, respectively, related to this interest rate
cap. 

Consolidated interest (expense) income, net, includes
the following (in thousands): 

Note 6   Fair Value Measurements  

The fair value of our financial instruments
are determined based upon applicable accounting guidance. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The guidance
requires disclosure of the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall, including measurements
using quoted process in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1), quoted process for similar instruments in
active markets or quoted process for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active (Level 2), and significant
valuation assumptions that are not readily observable in the market (Level 3). 

The fair values of cash and cash equivalents,
accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and other liabilities approximated
their carrying value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The fair value of each of the loans payable approximated
their carrying value as both loans are variable-rate instruments. 

Note 7   Pension and Profit Sharing
Plans 

Pension Plan   - Syms sponsored
a defined benefit pension plan for certain eligible employees not covered under a collective bargaining agreement. The pension
plan was frozen effective December 31, 2006. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had a recorded liability of $2.6
million and $3.1 million, respectively, which is included in pension liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance
sheets. We will maintain the Syms pension plan and make all contributions required under applicable minimum funding rules; provided,
however, that we may terminate the Syms pension plan from and after January 1, 2017. In the event that we terminate the Syms pension
plan, we intend that any such termination shall be a standard termination. 

Prior to the Bankruptcy, certain employees
were covered by collective bargaining agreements and participated in multiemployer pension plans. Syms ceased to have an obligation
to contribute to these plans in 2012, thereby triggering a complete withdrawal from the plans within the meaning of section 4203
of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. Consequently, we are subject to the payment of a withdrawal liability to
the remaining pension fund. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had a recorded liability of $2.7 million and $3.4
million, respectively, which is reflected in pension liabilities on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, and
is included as part of the remaining estimated allowed net claims. We are required to make quarterly distributions in the amount
of $0.2 million until this liability is completely paid to the multiemployer plan. 

In accordance with minimum funding requirements
and court ordered allowed claims distributions, we paid approximately $3.6 million to the Syms sponsored plan and approximately
$4.2 million to the multiemployer plans from September 17, 2012 through September 30, 2016. Approximately $0.6 million was funded
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the Syms sponsored plan and $0.2 million and $0.6 million was funded
during the three months and nine months, respectively, ended September 30, 2016 to the multiemployer plan. 

Note 8   Commitments 

b.    Legal Proceedings -   We are a party to routine litigation incidental to our business.
Some of the actions to which we are a party are covered by insurance and are being defended or reimbursed by our insurance carriers.   

Note 9   Income Taxes 

At September 30, 2016, we had Federal NOLs
of approximately $225.3 million. These NOLs will expire in years through fiscal 2034. At September 30, 2016, we also had state
NOLs of approximately $134.6 million, primarily in New York, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Florida and Georgia, amongst others. These
NOLs expire between 2029 and 2034. We also had New York State and New York City prior net operating loss conversion ( PNOLC )
subtraction pools of approximately $34.4 million and $29.0 million, respectively. The conversion to the PNOLC under the New York
State and New York City corporate tax reforms does not have any material tax impact. 

Based on management s assessment, it
is more likely than not that the entire deferred tax assets will not be realized by future taxable income or tax planning strategy.
Accordingly a valuation allowance of $91.3 million was recorded as of December 31, 2015. The valuation allowance was adjusted by
approximately $0.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $90.4 million. 

Note 10   Related Party Transactions 

On March 8, 2016, a General Unsecured Claim
Satisfaction (as defined in the Plan) occurred. Under the Plan, a General Unsecured Claim Satisfaction occurs when all of the allowed
creditor claims of Syms Corp. and Filene s Basement, LLC, have been paid in full their distributions provided for under the
Plan and any disputed creditor claims have either been disallowed or reserved for by Trinity. On March 14, 2016, we made the former
Majority Shareholder payment (as defined in the Plan) to the former Majority Shareholder in the amount of approximately $6.9 million.
Following the General Unsecured Claim Satisfaction and payment to the former Majority Shareholder, we satisfied our payment and
reserve obligations under the Plan and we have no further liability to the former Majority Shareholder. 

Note 11   Stock-Based Compensation 

Restricted Stock Units 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we granted 75,500 Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs ) to certain employees. The RSUs vest and settle over two years,
subject to each employee s continued employment. The weighted average fair market value at grant date for these shares was
approximately $0.4 million, and we incurred approximately $74,000 and $223,000 of RSU expense for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, of which $40,000 and $121,000 was capitalized in real estate under development for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we granted 1,184,167 RSUs to our President and Chief Executive Officer (the  CEO ), pursuant to his employment
agreement. The RSUs have vesting periods ranging over five years, subject to the CEO s continued employment, and settle in
shares ranging over an eight-year period. Until shares are issued with respect to the RSUs, the CEO will not have any rights as
a shareholder with respect to the RSUs and will not receive dividends or be able to vote the shares represented by the RSUs. We
use the fair-market value of our common stock on the date an award  is granted to value the grant. The weighted average fair
market value at grant date for these shares were approximately $7.1 million, and we incurred approximately $0.8 million and $3.7
million of RSU expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, of which $0.6 million and $2.6 million
was capitalized in real estate under development for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

In April, 2015, we issued 238,095 shares of
common stock to the CEO to settle vested RSUs from previous RSU grants. In connection with that transaction, we repurchased/withheld
(from the 238,095 shares issued) 132,904 shares to provide for the CEO s withholding tax liability. In accordance with ASC
Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation, the repurchase or withholding of immature shares (i.e. shares held for less than six
months) by us upon the vesting of a restricted share would ordinarily result in liability accounting. ASC 718 provides an exception,
if the fair value of the shares repurchased or withheld is equal or less than the employer s minimum statutory withholding
requirements. The aggregate fair value of the shares repurchased/withheld (valued at the then current fair value of $8.00 per share)
was in excess of the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements and as such we are required to account for the restricted stock
awards as a liability. At each reporting period in fiscal 2015, we re-measured the liability, until settled, with changes in the
fair value being recorded as stock compensation expense in the statement of operations. As of January 1, 2016, we have elected
to early adopt ASU 2016-09 (see Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Recent Accounting Pronouncements) and
the adoption has resulted in a reduction in real estate, net, of $0.5 million, a reduction in liability related to stock-based
compensation of $5.1 million, an increase in additional paid-in capital of $4.4 million and an increase in retained earnings of
$0.2 million. 

Our RSU activity for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately
$5.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs which is expected to be recognized through December 2020. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we issued 530,796 shares of common stock to the CEO and to other employees to settle vested RSUs from previous RSU grants.
In connection with those transactions, we repurchased/withheld (from the 530,796 shares issued) 278,153 shares to provide for the
CEO s and other employees  withholding tax liability at the minimum statutory withholding rates. 

Note 12   Subsequent Event 

On October 13, 2016, the Company, through
a wholly-owned subsidiary, formed a joint venture with an affiliate of Pacolet Milliken Enterprises, Inc. ( Pacolet )
in which each of Trinity and Pacolet will indirectly own a 50% interest. The joint venture entered into an agreement to acquire
the property located at 223 North 8th Street, Brooklyn, or The Berkley, for $68,875,000.  The Berkley is a newly constructed
luxury multi-family property with 95 units encompassing approximately 65,000 rentable square feet. The Berkley has a 25-year 421-a
real estate tax abatement, pursuant to which 20% of the units have been designated as affordable rate units and the remaining 80%
of the units are market rate units.  Pacolet and Trinity paid an initial deposit of $6,887,500 upon entry into the purchase
agreement, which was funded equally by the joint venture members and is non-refundable other than upon seller default or failure
of certain closing conditions to be satisfied.  The acquisition of the Property is expected to close in the fourth quarter
of 2016. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This Quarterly Report, including information
included or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report or any supplement to this Quarterly Report, may include forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), and information relating to us
that is based on the beliefs of management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. These
forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions
that are not historical facts, and other statements identified by words such as  may,   will,   expects, 
believes,   plans,   estimates,   potential,  or  continue,  or the negative
thereof or other and similar expressions. In addition, in some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words or phrases
such as  trend,   potential,   opportunity,   believe,   comfortable, 
 expect,   anticipate,   current,   intention,   estimate,   position, 
 assume,   outlook,   continue,   remain,   maintain,   sustain, 
 seek,   achieve,  and similar expressions. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future
events, the outcome of which is subject to certain risks, including among others: 

our ability to execute our business plan, including as it relates to the development of our current
principal asset, a property located at 77 Greenwich Street ( 77 Greenwich ) in Lower Manhattan;   

our ability to obtain additional financing and refinance existing loans;   

our limited operating history;   

general economic and business conditions, including with respect to real estate, and their effect
on the New York City real estate market in particular;   

risks associated with acquisitions and investments in owned and leased real estate generally;   

our ability to enter into new leases and renew existing leases;   

our ability to obtain required permits, site plan approvals and/or other governmental approvals
in connection with the development and/or redevelopment of our properties;   

the influence of certain significant stockholders;   

potential conflicts of interest as a result of certain of our directors having affiliations with
certain of our stockholders;   

limitations in our certificate of incorporation on acquisitions and dispositions of our common
stock designed to protect our ability to utilize our net operating loss ( NOLs ) carryforwards and certain other tax
attributes, which may not succeed in protecting our ability to utilize such tax attributes, and/or may limit the liquidity of our
common stock;   

our ability to utilize our NOLs to offset future taxable income and capital gains for U.S. Federal
and state income tax purposes;   

the failure of our wholly-owned subsidiaries to repay outstanding indebtedness;   

stock price volatility;   

loss of key personnel;   

certain provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may have the effect of making more
difficult or otherwise discouraging, delaying or deterring a takeover or other change of control of us;   

competition;   

risks associated with partnerships or joint ventures; and   

unanticipated difficulties which may arise and other factors which may be outside our control or
that are not currently known to us or which we believe are not material.   

In evaluating such statements, you should specifically
consider the risks identified under the section entitled  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Transition Report on Form 10-KT
for the transition period ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Transition Report ), as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 14, 2016, any of which could cause actual results to differ materially from
the anticipated results. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those contemplated by any forward looking statements. Subsequent
written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by the cautionary statements in this paragraph and elsewhere described in the aforementioned 2015 Transition Report, this
Form 10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form 10-Q or,
in the case of any documents incorporated by reference in this Form 10-Q, the date of such document, in each case based on information
available to us as of such date, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 

The
following discussion and analysis is intended to assist readers in understanding our financial condition and results of operations
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the thirteen and twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 and should
be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report
on From 10-Q and our 2015 Transition Report.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Executive Overview 

Trinity is a real estate holding,
investment and asset management company. Our business is primarily to own, invest in, manage, develop and/or redevelop real
estate assets and/or real estate related securities. Currently, our principal asset is a property located at 77 Greenwich
Street ( 77 Greenwich ) in Lower Manhattan. We also own a retail strip center located in West Palm Beach, Florida
and former retail properties in Westbury, New York and Paramus, New Jersey (see Properties below for a more detailed
description). We also control a variety of intellectual property assets focused on the consumer sector, through which we
launched our on-line marketplace at FilenesBasement.com in September 2015. We had approximately $225.3 million of Federal
net operating loss carry forwards ( NOLs ) at September 30, 2016. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we paid approximately $7.5 million in approved claims, which included the final payment of $6.9 million to the former Majority
Shareholder during the first quarter ended March 31, 2016 prior to the occurrence of the General Unsecured Claims Satisfaction.
An estimated $2.7 million of payments remains to be made, excluding claims covered under insurance, to the multiemployer pension
plan, which amount is payable in quarterly installments of $0.2 million through 2019. The claims amounts paid during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflects an improvement of approximately $0 and $132,000, respectively, as compared with
previous estimated amounts in respect of such claims. Upon emergence from bankruptcy in September 2012, we had recorded approximately
$130.1 million of claims liabilities and claims related costs in our consolidated statement of net assets. We have paid $116.0
million through September 30, 2016 which reflects cumulative improvements of approximately $11.4 million in respect of all claim
payments made to date as compared with amounts initially estimated. These improvements were achieved through our claims reconciliation
process, negotiation with claimants and the decisions of the bankruptcy court in certain bankruptcy matters. We also continued
our ongoing work related to a potential sale, development and/or redevelopment of our four real estate properties, including pre-development
work on 77 Greenwich, as well as with our intellectual property portfolio. 

As described in greater detail in Note 1 to
our condensed consolidated financial statements and our 2015 Transition Report, the predecessor to Trinity is Syms Corp. Syms and
its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 on November 2, 2011. On August 30, 2012, the Court entered
an order confirming the Plan. On September 14, 2012, the Plan became effective and the Debtors consummated their reorganization
under Chapter 11 through a series of transactions contemplated by the Plan and emerged from bankruptcy. Upon the General Unsecured
Claim Satisfaction and payment to the former Majority Shareholder in March 2016, we satisfied our payment and reserve obligations
under the Plan and we have no further liability to the former Majority Shareholder. 

Properties 

The table below provides information on the
properties we owned at September 30, 2016:    

(1)   77
Greenwich.  The 77 Greenwich property consists of a vacant six-story commercial building of approximately 57,000 square feet,
yielding approximately 174,000 square feet of zoning floor area as-of-right. We also have ownership of approximately 60,000 square
feet of development rights from adjacent tax lots, one of which is owned in fee by us and has a 4-story landmark building. We are
currently in the pre-development stage for the development of an over 280,000 gross square foot mixed-use building that corresponds
to the approximate total of 234,000 zoning square feet as described above. The plans call for approximately 89 luxury residential
condominiums and 7,000 square feet of retail space on Greenwich Street, as well as a 476-seat elementary school serving District
2. The school project has obtained city council and mayoral approval. The demolition and environmental remediation have begun and
are expected to be complete by the end of 2016. 

(2)   Paramus
Property . The Paramus property consists of a one-story and partial two-story, 73,000 square foot freestanding building and
an outparcel building of approximately 4,000 square feet, for approximately 77,000 total square feet of rentable space. The 73,000
square foot building was leased pursuant to a short-term license agreement to Restoration Hardware Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: RH) ( Restoration
Hardware ) from October 15, 2015 to February 29, 2016 when the tenant vacated. Subsequently, we entered into a new twelve
month license agreement with Restoration Hardware that began on June 1, 2016, which is terminable upon notice to the other party.
The outparcel building is leased to a tenant whose lease expires on March 31, 2018. The tenant has been in the space since 1996.
The primary building is comprised of approximately 47,000 square feet of ground floor space, and two separate mezzanine levels
of approximately 21,000 and 5,000 square feet. The land area of the Paramus property consists of approximately 292,000 square feet,
or approximately 6.7 acres. We have entered into an option agreement with an investment grade tenant for a complete building development.
The option agreement includes a fully negotiated lease agreement. This transaction is subject to town approvals. 

(3)   West
Palm Beach Property.  The West Palm Beach property consists of a one-story neighborhood retail strip center that consists of
approximately 112,000 square feet of rentable area, which includes three outparcel locations with approximately 11,000 combined
square feet. The land area of the West Palm Beach property consists of approximately 515,000 square feet, or approximately 11.8
acres. Our redevelopment of the center is nearing completion. Our two largest tenants, Walmart Marketplace, with 41,662 square
feet of space and Tire Kingdom, a national credit tenant who took possession of one of the out parcels, both opened for business
in June, 2016. 

(4)   Westbury Property. 
The Westbury property consists of a one-story building and lower level that in the aggregate contains approximately 92,000 square
feet of rentable space. The land area of the Westbury property consists of approximately 256,000 square feet, or approximately
6.0 acres. As of March 28, 2016, we entered into a short term lease agreement with New York Community Bank to lease a portion of
the parking lot of the Westbury property. This agreement ended on October 31, 2016. We also entered into a twelve month license
agreement with Restoration Hardware that began on June 1, 2016, which can be terminated by either party after six months. 

Lease Expirations   

The following chart shows the tenancy, by year
of lease expiration, of our retail properties for all tenants in place as of September 30, 2016, excluding the license agreements
with Restoration Hardware (dollars in thousands): 

(A)  This is calculated by multiplying the rent in the final month of the lease by 12.   

(B)    Reflects
tenants with a month to month tenancy.  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management s discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the use of estimates and assumptions that could affect the
reported amounts in our condensed consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates. A summary
of the accounting policies that management believes are critical to the preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements
are included in this report (see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Basis of Presentation). Certain of the accounting
policies used in the preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements are particularly important for an understanding
of the financial position and results of operations presented in the historical consolidated financial statements included in this
report and require the application of significant judgment by management and, as a result, are subject to a degree of uncertainty.
We believe there have been no material changes to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting policies under Item 7,
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  in our 2015 Transition
Report. 

Results of Operations for the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Thirteen Weeks Ended August 29, 2015  

Total rental revenues and tenant reimbursement
revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $536,000 compared to $188,000 for the thirteen weeks
ended August 29, 2015. This represents rental revenues and tenant expense reimbursements from our West Palm Beach, Florida and
Paramus, New Jersey properties. The increase is mainly due to the increased occupancy in West Palm Beach since June 2016 compared
to the same period in 2015. 

Property operating expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $190,000 compared to $171,000 for the thirteen weeks ended August 29, 2015. This consisted
of costs incurred for maintenance and repairs, utilities and general operating expenses at our West Palm Beach, Florida property. 

Real estate tax expense for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and the thirteen weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $63,000 and $55,000, respectively, for
the West Palm Beach, Florida property. 

General and administrative expenses for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $1.2 million. Of this amount, approximately $446,000 related to non-cash
stock-based compensation, $392,000 related to payroll and payroll related expenses and $321,000 related to other corporate costs
including board fees, corporate office rent and insurance. General and administrative expenses for the thirteen weeks ended August
29, 2015 was approximately $629,000. Of this amount, approximately $22,000 related to non-cash stock-based compensation, $194,000
related to payroll and payroll related expenses and $413,000 related to other corporate costs including board fees, corporate office
rent and insurance. 

Professional fees for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 were approximately $373,000. These costs consisted of general corporate legal fees of approximately $128,000,
bankruptcy related professional fees of approximately $23,000, accounting, tax, audit and audit related fees of approximately $79,000,
intellectual property maintenance, licensing, operating and start-up costs (inclusive of FilenesBasement.com) of approximately
$91,000, and other professional fees of approximately $52,000. Professional fees for the thirteen weeks ended August 29, 2015 were
approximately $741,000. These costs consisted of general corporate legal fees of approximately $153,000, bankruptcy related professional
fees of approximately $138,000, accounting, tax, audit and audit related fees of approximately $122,000, intellectual property
start-up costs of $316,000 and other professional fees of approximately $12,000. 

Depreciation and amortization expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $121,000. These costs consisted of depreciation for the West Palm
Beach, Florida property of approximately $29,000 and the amortization of trademarks, lease commissions and tenant improvements
of approximately $92,000. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the thirteen weeks ended August 29, 2015 were approximately
$86,000. These costs consisted of depreciation for the West Palm Beach, Florida property of approximately $35,000 and the amortization
of trademarks of approximately $51,000. 

Operating loss for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was approximately $1.4 million. Operating loss for the thirteen weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $1.5 million. 

Interest expense, net, for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $12,000, which consisted of $553,000 of gross interest incurred offset by $486,000 of
capitalized interest and $55,000 of interest income. Interest expense, net, for the thirteen weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately
$83,000, which consisted of $460,000 of gross interest incurred offset by $355,000 of capitalized interest and $22,000 of interest
income. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $38,000, which consisted of $125,000 of amortization of costs related
to obtaining the loans encumbering 77 Greenwich and West Palm Beach partially offset by $87,000 of capitalized costs. Amortization
of deferred financing costs for the thirteen weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $87,000, which consisted of amortization
of costs related to obtaining the loan encumbering 77 Greenwich. 

We recorded an adjustment to our claims liability
for the thirteen weeks ended August 30, 2015 of $300,000 which was due to the settlement of certain claims for amounts less than
what had been reserved. 

We did not incur any tax expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2016  nor the thirteen weeks ended August 30, 2015. 

Net loss available to common stockholders for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.4 million.  Net loss available to common stockholders for the
thirteen weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $1.4 million. 

Results of Operations for the Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Twenty-Six Weeks Ended August 29, 2015  

Due to the change in our year end date, the
comparable period presented only covers the twenty-six week period from March 1, 2015 to August 29, 2015, which is a shorter period
than the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and thus is not directly comparable. 

Total rental revenues and tenant reimbursement
revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $1.4 million. Total revenues for the twenty-six weeks
ended August 29, 2015 were approximately $412,000. These amounts represent rental revenues and tenant expense reimbursements from
our West Palm Beach, Florida and Paramus, New Jersey properties. The relative increase was mainly due to the increased occupancy
at the West Palm Beach property since June 2016. 

Property operating expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $491,000. Property operating expenses for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015
were approximately $319,000. These amounts consisted of costs incurred for maintenance and repairs, utilities and general operating
expenses at our West Palm Beach, Florida property 

Real estate tax expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $167,000 for the West Palm Beach, Florida property. Real estate tax expense for the
twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $108,000, primarily for the West Palm Beach, Florida property. 

General and administrative expenses for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $4.2 million. Of this amount, approximately $1.9 million related to stock-based
compensation, $1.2 million related to payroll and payroll related expenses and $1.1 million related to other corporate costs including
board fees, corporate office rent and insurance. General and administrative expenses for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29,
2015 were approximately $2.1 million. Of this amount, approximately $931,000 related to stock-based compensation, $407,000 related
to payroll and payroll related costs and $769,000 related to other corporate costs including board fees, corporate office rent
and insurance. 

Professional fees for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were approximately $1.1 million. These costs consisted of general corporate legal fees of approximately $331,000,
bankruptcy related professional fees of approximately $212,000, accounting, tax, audit and audit related fees of approximately
$194,000, intellectual property maintenance, licensing, operating and start-up costs (inclusive of FilenesBasement.com) of approximately
$256,000, and other professional fees of approximately $144,000. Professional fees for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015
were approximately $1.2 million which consisted of general corporate legal fees of approximately $211,000, bankruptcy related professional
fees of approximately $265,000, accounting, tax, audit and audit related fees of approximately $238,000, professional fees related
to work on our intellectual property of $495,000 and other professional fees of approximately $24,000. 

Depreciation and amortization expenses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were approximately $334,000. These costs consisted of depreciation for the West Palm Beach,
Florida property of approximately $116,000 and the amortization of trademarks, lease commissions and tenant improvements of approximately
$218,000. Depreciation and amortization expenses for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 were approximately $170,000. These
costs consisted of depreciation for the West Palm Beach, Florida property of $68,000, as well as amortization of trademarks and
deferred financing costs of $102,000. 

Operating loss for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was approximately $4.9 million. Operating loss for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $3.5 million. 

Interest income, net, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was approximately $83,000, which consisted of $1.5 million of gross interest incurred offset by $1.4 million
of capitalized interest and $194,000 of interest income. Interest expense, net, for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015
was approximately $203,000 which consisted of $920,000 of gross interest incurred offset by $671,000 of capitalized interest and
$46,000 of interest income. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $60,000, which consisted of $318,000 of amortization of costs related
to obtaining the loans encumbering 77 Greenwich and West Palm Beach partially offset by $258,000 of capitalized costs. Amortization
of deferred financing costs for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $176,000, which consisted of amortization
of costs related to obtaining the loan encumbering 77 Greenwich. 

We recorded an adjustment to our claims liability
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $132,000 which was due mainly to the positive settlement of the former Majority
Shareholder liability. We recorded an adjustment to our claims liability for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 of $530,000,
which was due to the lower settlement of certain claims. 

We did not incur any tax expense for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. We recorded tax expense for the twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 of approximately
$4,000. 

Net loss available to common stockholders for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $4.8 million. Net loss available to common stockholders for the twenty-six
weeks ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $3.4 million. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We currently expect that our principal sources
of funds to meet our short and long-term liquidity requirements for working capital and funds for acquisition and development or
redevelopment of properties, tenant improvements, leasing costs, and repayments of outstanding indebtedness will include: 

(1)  Cash on hand;   

(2)  Availability under  existing financing facilities;   

(3)  New secured and/or unsecured financings and/or debt offerings;   

(4)  Net proceeds from divestitures of properties;   

(5)  Proceeds from common or preferred equity offerings; and   

(6)  Cash flow from operations.   

Cash flow from operations is primarily dependent
upon the occupancy level of our property portfolio, the net effective rental rates achieved on our leases, the collectability of
rent, operating escalations and recoveries from our tenants and the level of operating and other costs. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had total
cash of $25.4 million, of which approximately $18.2 million was cash and cash equivalents and approximately $7.2 million was
restricted cash. As of December 31, 2015, we had total cash of $41.8 million, of which approximately $38.2 million was cash
and cash equivalents and approximately $3.6 million was restricted cash. Restricted cash represents reserves required under
the 77 Greenwich Loan and WPB Loan (see Note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial statements (Loans Payable)), tenant
security deposits and a deposit on an acquisition. The decrease in total cash during the period was primarily the result of
the final payment made to the former Majority Shareholder as well as payments for operating expenses and pre-development
activities. 

We have a $40.0 million loan secured by 77
Greenwich. The 77 Greenwich Loan can be increased up to $50.0 million subject to satisfaction of certain conditions. We also have
a $9.1 million loan secured by the West Palm Beach, Florida property. The WPB Loan can be increased up to $12.6 million subject
to satisfaction of certain conditions. 

We have claims liabilities recorded at September
30, 2016 of approximately $2.7 million related to the multiemployer pension plan which is payable in quarterly installments of
$0.2 million through 2019 (see Note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements (Pension and Profit Sharing Plans)). 

On March 8, 2016, a General Unsecured Claim
Satisfaction occurred and on March 14, 2016, we made the payment to the former Majority Shareholder in the amount of approximately
$6.9 million. Upon the General Unsecured Claim Satisfaction and payment to the former Majority Shareholder as described in Note
1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements (Business   Overview), we satisfied our payment and reserve obligations
under the Plan. 

Cash Flows 

Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016  

Net cash used in operating activities was approximately
$11.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The net cash used during this period reflects the net loss available
to common stockholders of $4.8 million as well as a decrease in other liabilities, primarily the obligation to the former Majority
Shareholder, of $6.9 million and a decrease in pension liabilities of $1.2 million. This was partially offset by the non-cash stock-based
compensation expense of $1.9 million. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $15.6 million. The net cash used mainly reflects the payments for certain
property development and redevelopment costs of $12.2 million and a reclass of $3.4 million to restricted cash related to the deposit
for the acquisition. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $6.7 million. This amount related mainly to the net proceeds of approximately
$8.7 million received from the loan on the West Palm Beach, Florida property (see Note 5 to our condensed consolidated financial
statements (Loans Payable)), which was partially offset by the repurchase of approximately $2.0 million of common stock from certain
employees in order to pay withholding taxes on the common stock for those employees. 

Net Operating Losses 

We believe that our U.S. Federal NOLs as of
the emergence date were approximately $162.8 million and believe our U.S. Federal NOLs at September 30, 2016 were approximately
$225.3 million. Based on management s assessment, it is more likely than not that the entire deferred tax assets will not
be realized by future taxable income or tax planning strategy. Accordingly a valuation allowance of $90.4 million was recorded
as of September 30, 2016. 

We believe that the rights offering and the
redemption of the Syms shares owned by the former Majority Shareholder that occurred in connection with our emergence from bankruptcy
on September 14, 2012 resulted in us undergoing an  ownership change,  as that term is used in Section 382 of the Code.
However, while the analysis is complex and subject to subjective determinations and uncertainties, we believe that we should qualify
for treatment under Section 382(l)(5) of the Code. As a result, we currently believe that our NOLs are not subject to an annual
limitation under Code Section 382. However, if we were to undergo a subsequent ownership change in the future, our NOLs could be
subject to limitation under Code Section 382. 

Notwithstanding the above, even if all of our
regular U.S. Federal income tax liability for a given year is reduced to zero by virtue of utilizing our NOLs, we may still be
subject to the U.S. Federal alternative minimum tax and to state, local or other non-Federal income taxes. 

On February 12, 2015, we amended our certificate
of incorporation to, among other things, add a provision to the certificate of incorporation intended to help preserve certain
tax benefits primarily associated with our NOLs (the  Protective Amendment ). The Protective Amendment generally prohibits
transfers of stock that would result in a person or group of persons becoming a 4.75% stockholder, or that would result in an increase
or decrease in stock ownership by a person or group of persons that is an existing 4.75% stockholder, without prior Board approval. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk 

Market risks that arise from changes in interest
rates, foreign currency exchange rates and other market changes affect market sensitive instruments. In pursuing our business strategies,
the primary market risk which we are exposed to is interest rate risk. 

Low to moderate levels of inflation during
the past several years have favorably impacted our operations by stabilizing operating expenses. At the same time, low inflation
has had the indirect effect of reducing our ability to increase tenant rents. However, our tenant leases include expense reimbursements
and other provisions to minimize the effect of inflation. 

The market risk associated with financial instruments
and derivative financial instruments is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices or interest rates. Of our long-term
debt, which consists of secured financings, the 77 Greenwich Loan bears interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater (i) of
the rate published from time to time by the Wall Street Journal as the U.S. Prime Rate plus 1.25% or (ii) 4.50% and the WPB Loan
bears interest at the 30-day LIBOR plus 230 basis points. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact
of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and to lower our overall borrowing costs. From time to time, we may enter into
interest rate hedge contracts such as swaps, collars, and treasury lock agreements in order to mitigate our interest rate risk
with respect to various debt instruments. We would not hold or issue these derivative contracts for trading or speculative purposes.
We do not have any foreign operations and thus we are not exposed to foreign currency fluctuations. 

As of September 30, 2016, our debt consisted
of two variable-rate secured mortgage loans payable, with carrying values of $40.0 million and $9.1 million, respectively, which
approximated their fair value at September 30, 2016. Changes in market interest rates on our variable-rate debt impact the fair
value of the loans and interest incurred or cash flow. For instance, if interest rates increase 100 basis points and our variable-rate
debt balance remains constant, we expect the fair value of our obligation to decrease, the same way the price of a bond declines
as interest rates rise. The sensitivity analysis related to our variable rate debt assumes an immediate 100 basis point move
in interest rates from their September 30, 2016 levels, with all other variables held constant. A 100 basis point increase in market
interest rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of our variable-rate debt by $0.5 million. A 100 basis point decrease
in market interest rates would result in an increase in the fair value of our variable-rate debt by $0.5 million. These amounts
were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates changes on our borrowing costs, and assuming no other
changes in our capital structure. 

As the information presented above includes
only those exposures that existed as of September 30, 2016, it does not consider exposures or positions arising after that date.
The information represented herein has limited predictive value. Future actual realized gains or losses with respect to interest
rate fluctuations will depend on cumulative exposures, hedging strategies employed and the magnitude of the fluctuations. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

a)   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (the  CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer (the
 CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition of
 disclosure controls and procedures  in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover
failures within Trinity to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. 

Our management, with the participation of our
CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
promulgated under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation,
the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

b)   Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II.   OTHER
INFORMATION 

Item 1.     Legal Proceedings 

We are a party to routine legal proceedings,
which are primarily incidental to our former business. Some of the actions to which we are a party are covered by insurance and
are being defended or reimbursed by our insurance carriers. Based on an analysis performed by our actuary and available information
and taking into account accruals where they have been established, management currently believes that any liabilities ultimately
resulting from this routine litigation will not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
financial position. Additionally, as discussed in Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, we currently operate
under the Plan that was approved in connection with the resolution of the Chapter 11 cases involving Syms and its subsidiaries. 

Item 1A.     Risk Factors 

There
are no material changes to the Risk Factors as disclosed in our 2015 Transition Report.  

Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

None.  

Item 3.     Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not Applicable. 

Item 5.     Other Information 

None. 

Item 6.     Exhibits 

3.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
of Trinity Place Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed by us on February 13, 2015) 

4.3  Form of Trinity Place Holdings Inc. Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
4.3 of the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed by us on September 15, 2015)   

101*  The following materials from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30,
2016 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30,
2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 (audited)(restated), (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and thirteen and twenty-six weeks ended August 29, 2015 (unaudited), (iii)
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited), (iv) Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and twenty-six weeks ended August
29, 2015 (unaudited) and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited).   

*  Filed herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TRINITY PLACE HOLDINGS INC.  

Date: November 7, 2016  
      By  
     /s/ Matthew Messinger  

MATTHEW MESSINGER   

PRESIDENT and CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 7, 2016  
      By  
     /s/ Steven Kahn  

STEVEN KAHN   

CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v451504_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

EXECUTION 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

OF 

PACOLET TRINITY 223 PARTNERS, LLC 

A DELAWARE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 

DATED AS OF OCTOBER 13, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

i       

ii       

Exhibit A 
     Initial Capital Contributions  
 
     Exhibit B 
     Major Decisions  
 
     Exhibit C 
     Property Description  
 
     Exhibit D 
     2016 Annual Budget  

iii       

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
OF 
PACOLET TRINITY 223 PARTNERS, LLC 

THIS LIMITED LIABILITY
COMPANY AGREEMENT of PACOLET TRINITY 223 PARTNERS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (this   Agreement  )
is made and entered into and is effective as of October 13, 2016, by and among PACOLET MULTI-FAMILY HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company (  PME  ), TPH 223 N 8TH INVESTOR LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (  TPH  ).
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in this Agreement. 

WITNESSETH : 

In consideration of the
agreements and covenants set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are
hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

Section
1.            Definitions . As used in this Agreement: 

2015 Budget
Act   means the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015. 

Act  
shall mean the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (currently Chapter 18 of Title 6 of the Delaware Code), as amended from
time to time. 

Additional
Capital Contributions   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a) . 

Administrative
Member   shall mean the Member charged with administering the day-to-day operations of the Company in accordance with
the terms hereof, as such Administrative Member may be replaced pursuant to the terms of  Section 9.8 . The initial Administrative
Member shall be PME. 

Adjusted Capital
Account Deficit   shall mean, with respect to any Member, the deficit balance, if any, in such Member s Capital
Account as of the end of the applicable calendar year after (i) crediting such Capital Account with any amounts which such Member
is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5), and (ii) debiting such
Capital Account by the amount of the items described in Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6). The foregoing
definition of Adjusted Capital Account Deficit is intended to comply with the provisions of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)
and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 

Affiliate  
shall mean as to any Person any other Person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control
with such first Person. For the purposes of this Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to control another Person if such Person possesses,
directly or indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management, policies and/or decision making of such other
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt,
each of PME, TPH and the Company shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of each other by virtue of this Agreement, the other agreements
contemplated hereby, or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

Agreed Upon
Value   shall mean the fair market value (net of any debt then outstanding) agreed upon pursuant to a written agreement
between the Members of property contributed by a Member to the capital of the Company, which shall for all purposes hereunder be
deemed to be the amount of the Capital Contribution applicable to such property contributed. 

Agreement  
shall mean this Limited Liability Company Agreement, as amended from time to time. 

Annual Business
Plan   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.3 . 

Annual Budget  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.3 . 

Approval Item  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.3 . 

Approved Budget  
shall mean any Annual Budget duly approved by the Members in accordance with this Agreement. 

Approved Business
Plan   shall mean any Annual Business Plan duly approved by the Members in accordance with this Agreement. 

Assumed Gross
Property Value   shall mean a single amount chosen by the Offering Member (in connection with a Forced Sale Election)
or the Triggering Member (in connection with a Buy-Sell Election), as the assumed gross value of the Property in determining the
Membership Interest Price. 

Bad Conduct  
means, with respect to a Person, acts or omissions of the Person constituting gross negligence, fraud, criminal conduct constituting
a felony for which the Person is charged by competent governmental authority or convicted by a court of competent jurisdiction
(but only if such felony has a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or on
the value of the Property), a material breach of this Agreement (if the breach continues for more than ten (10) Business Days after
a Member gives the Person a written notice specifying the breach), or a material violation of law. Notwithstanding the foregoing
to the contrary, if any alleged material breach of this Agreement is attributable to the action or inaction of the Property Manager
(including, without limitation, in respect of preparation and delivery of the Annual Business Plan, Annual Budget, and other reporting
and financial statements) and the Property Manager is not an Affiliate of the Administrative Member, such action or inaction shall
not be imputed to the Administrative Member provided that the Administrative Member is using commercially reasonable efforts to
cause the Property Manger to take such action or forgo taking such action, including, subject to the Major Decisions hereunder,
terminating the Property Manager in accordance with the terms of the applicable property management agreement. 

Bad Conduct
Notice   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.8 . 

Bankruptcy
Code   shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code, as amended or any other applicable bankruptcy or insolvency statute
or similar law. 

Business Day  
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which commercial banks are authorized to do business and are not required
by law or executive order to close in New York, New York, or South Carolina. 

Buying Member  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(b) . 

Buy-Sell Closing  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(b) . 

Buy-Sell Closing
Date   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(b) . 

Buy-Sell Default  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(d) . 

Buy-Sell Election  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(a) . 

Buy-Sell Election
Period   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(a) . 

Buy-Sell Notice  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(a) . 

Calling Member  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a) . 

Capital Account  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.5 . 

Capital Call  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a) . 

Capital Contribution  
shall mean, with respect to any Member, the aggregate amount of (i) cash, and (ii) the Agreed Upon Value of other property contributed
by such Member to the capital of the Company. 

Capital Request
Notice   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a) . 

Cash Flow  
shall mean, for any period for which Cash Flow is being calculated, gross cash receipts of the Company (but excluding Capital Contributions)
plus any released Reserves, less the following payments and expenditures (i) all payments of operating expenses of the Company,
(ii) all payments of principal of, interest on and any other amounts due with respect to indebtedness (including, without limitation,
Reserves), leases or other commitments or obligations of the Company (including loans by Members to the Company), (iii) all sums
expended by the Company for capital expenditures and (iv) all sums expended by the Company which are otherwise capitalized. 

Certificate
of Formation   shall mean the Certificate of Formation of the Company, as amended from time to time. 

Code  
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, including the corresponding provisions of any successor
law. 

Company  
shall mean Pacolet Trinity 223 Partners, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the Act. 

Company Minimum
Gain   shall have the meaning given to the term  partnership minimum gain  in Regulations Sections 1.704-2(b)(2)
and 1.704-2(d). 

Company Property  
shall mean any assets owned by the Company, including, without limitation, the Property. 

Company Subsidiaries  
shall mean all Subsidiaries of the Company. 

Confidential
Information   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 10(a) . 

Contributing
Member   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a)(i) . 

Contributing
Percentage Interest   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a)(i) . 

Contribution
Notice   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a)(i) . 

Control  
(or words of similar import, whether or not capitalized) shall mean with respect to any Person means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to decide, affirmatively (by direction) or negatively (by veto), the management and policies of such Person,
whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise. The words  Controlling ,  Controlled
by  and under common  Control  shall have correlative meanings. 

Consumer Price
Index   means the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the United States Department of Labor applicable
to the Index Area that includes the Properties (All Items) (1982-1984 = 100), or any successor index thereto as such successor
index may be appropriately adjusted to establish substantial equivalence with the Consumer Price Index, or if the Consumer Price
Index ceases to be published and there is no successor thereto, such other index as shall be approved by the Members. 

Default Contribution  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a)(ii) . 

Default Loan  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a)(i) . 

Default Loan
Rate   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a)(ii) . 

Deposit  
shall mean a deposit of ten percent (10%) of the applicable Membership Interest Price to be delivered to, and held by, an escrow
agent reasonably acceptable to the Members in connection with a ROFO Sale or a Buy-Sell Election, as applicable. 

Depreciation  
shall mean, for each calendar year, an amount equal to the federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery
deduction allowable with respect to an asset for such year, except that if the Gross Asset Value of an asset differs from its adjusted
basis for federal income tax purposes at the beginning of such year or other period, Depreciation shall be an amount which bears
the same ratio to such beginning Gross Asset Value as the federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery
deduction for such year bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis, except as otherwise required by Regulation Section 1.704-3(d)(2);
 provided ,  however , that if the federal income tax depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery deductions for
such year is zero, Depreciation shall be determined with reference to such beginning Gross Asset Value using any reasonable method
selected by the Tax Matters Member. 

Diluting Member  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a)(ii) . 

Dissolution
Event   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 13.2 . 

Distributable
Funds   with respect to any month or other period, as applicable, shall mean an amount equal to the Cash Flow of the Company
for such month or other period, as applicable. 

Distributions  
shall mean the distributions payable to a Member. 

Emergency  
shall mean an event which reasonably requires immediate action in order to avert or mitigate significant injury or damage to any
individual or the Property. 

Exercise Period  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(a) . 

Forced Sale
Election   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(a) . 

Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act   shall mean the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the United States, 15 U.S.C. Sections 78a, 78m, 78dd-1,
78dd-2, 78dd-3, and 78ff, as amended, if applicable, or any similar law of any jurisdiction where one or more of the Properties
are located or where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries transacts business or any other jurisdiction, if applicable. 

Gross Asset
Value   shall mean, with respect to any asset of the Company, such asset s adjusted basis for federal income tax
purposes, except as follows or as otherwise specifically provided herein: 

(a)           the
initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member to the Company shall be the gross fair market value of such asset
at the time of contribution, as determined by Administrative Member using such reasonable method of valuation as it may adopt,
which, in the case of the Property, shall be equal to its Agreed Upon Value; 

(b)           in
the discretion of Administrative Member or as required pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1, the Gross Asset Values of the Company
Property shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair market values, as reasonably determined by Administrative Member,
immediately prior to the following events: 

(i)          a
Capital Contribution (other than a  de minimis  Capital Contribution) or a contribution of services to the Company by a new
or existing Member as consideration for Interests; 

(ii)         the
distribution by the Company to a Member of more than a  de minimis  amount of the Company Property as consideration for the
redemption of Interests; 

(iii)        the
liquidation of the Company within the meaning of Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), except as provided in Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(l); and 

(iv)        at
such other times as may be required or permitted pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1; and 

(c)          the
Gross Asset Values of the Company Property distributed to any Member shall be the gross fair market values of such assets as reasonably
determined by Administrative Member as of the date of distribution. 

At all times, Gross
Asset Values shall be adjusted by any Depreciation taken into account with respect to the Company Property for purposes of computing
Net Income and Net Loss. Gross Asset Values shall be further adjusted to reflect adjustments to Capital Accounts pursuant to Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) to the extent not otherwise reflected in adjustments to Gross Asset Values. 

Indemnified
Losses   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 14.2 . 

Indemnified
Party   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 14.3(a) . 

Indemnifying
Party   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 14.3(a) . 

Initial Capital
Contributions   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.1(a) . 

Interest  
of any Member shall mean the entire limited liability company interest of such Member in the Company, which includes, without limitation,
any and all rights, powers and benefits accorded a Member under this Agreement and the duties and obligations of such Member hereunder. 

Lender  
shall mean any third-party lender to the Company or any Subsidiary. 

Loan  
shall mean any loans made to the Company or any of Company Subsidiaries permitted hereunder. 

Major Decisions  
shall have the meaning provided on  Exhibit B . 

Major Transfer  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.2(b) . 

Member  
and   Members   shall mean PME and TPH and any other Person admitted to the Company pursuant to this Agreement. 

Member in Question  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 15.12 . 

Member Minimum
Gain   shall mean an amount, determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3) with respect to each Member
Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the Company Minimum Gain that would result if such Member Nonrecourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse
Liability. 

Member Nonrecourse
Debt   shall have the meaning given the term  partner nonrecourse debt  in Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4). 

Member Nonrecourse
Deductions   shall have the meaning given the term  partner nonrecourse deductions  in Regulations Section
1.704-2(i). 

Membership
Interest Price   shall mean the aggregate amount that the Offering Member (in connection with a Forced Sale Election)
or the Triggering Member or the Non-Triggering Member, as applicable (in connection with a Buy-Sell Election) would be entitled
to receive if (x) the Property were sold for an all cash price equal to the Assumed Gross Property Value, (y) all Loans were repaid
in full, and (z) the resulting hypothetical Distributable Funds (calculated as of the projected closing date), together with all
cash and cash equivalents of the Company or any Subsidiary (other than reserves held by any Lender and security deposits) less
(without duplication of clause (y) above) expenses of the Company or any Subsidiary that are then due and payable (or will be due
and payable within the ensuing thirty day period), were distributed to the Members in accordance with  Section 13.3(d)  of
this Agreement. 

Net Income  
and   Net Loss   shall mean, respectively, for each calendar year or other period, the Company s taxable
income or loss for such calendar year or other period, determined in accordance with Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose, all
items of income, gain, loss or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 703(a)(1) shall be included
in taxable income or loss), adjusted as follows: 

(a)          any
income of the Company that is exempt from federal income tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing Net Income or Net
Loss shall be added to such taxable income or loss; 

(b)          in
lieu of the depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery deductions taken into account in computing such taxable income or
loss, there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such calendar year or other period; 

(c)          any
items that are specially allocated pursuant to  Section 7.3  shall not be taken into account in computing Net Income or Net
Loss; 

(d)          any
expenditures of the Company described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) (or treated as such under Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i))
and not otherwise taken into account in computing Net Income or Net Loss shall be deducted from such taxable income or loss; 

(e)          in
the event the Gross Asset Value of any of the Company Property is adjusted in accordance with paragraph (b), (c) or (d) of the
definition of Gross Asset Value, the amount of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the disposition
of such asset for purposes of computing Net Income or Net Loss; 

(f)          gain
or loss resulting from any disposition of any of the Company Property with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal
income tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property disposed of, notwithstanding the fact
that the adjusted tax basis of such asset differs from its Gross Asset Value; 

(g)          and
an allocation of the Company Net Income or Net Loss to a Member shall be treated as an allocation to such Member of the same share
of each item of income, gain, loss and deduction that has been taken into account in computing such Net Income or Net Loss except
as otherwise required by law. 

New Partnership
Audit Rules   shall mean the provisions of Subchapter C of Chapter 63 of the Code, as revised by Section 1101 of the 2015
Budget Act, as such provisions may thereafter be amended and including Treasury regulations or other guidance issued thereunder. 

Non-Administrative
Member   shall mean the Member that is not then acting as the Administrative Member pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Non-Affiliated
Member   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.1(f) . 

Non-Contributing
Member   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 5.2(a)(i) . 

Nonrecourse
Deduction   shall have the meaning given such term in Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(1). 

Nonrecourse
Liability   shall have the meaning given such term in Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(3). 

Non-Transferring
Member   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.2(b) . 

Non-Triggering
Member   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(a) . 

OFAC  
shall mean the United States Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Offeree  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(a) . 

Offering Member  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(a) . 

Offer Notice  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(a) . 

Patriot Act  
shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act
of 2001, P.L. 107-56 and the regulations issued thereunder, all as amended and in effect. 

Percentage
Interests   shall mean the following percentages (subject to adjustment as set forth in  Section 5.2(a) ): PME: 50%
and TPH: 50%. 

Person  
shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, limited liability company,
trust, unincorporated organization, government or any agency or political subdivision thereof or any other legal entity. 

PME  
shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

Prior Approved
Budget   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.3 . 

Prohibited Person  
shall mean any Person that is named on the most current list of  Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons 
published by the United States Treasury Department, Office of Foreign Assets Control. 

Property  
shall mean that certain property more particularly described on  Exhibit C . 

Property Manager  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.2 . 

Property Owner  
shall mean the subsidiary of PME which is the purchaser under the PSA. 

Property Owner
LLC Agreement   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 11.3(e) . 

PSA  
shall mean that certain Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of September 21, 2016 by and between 223 North 8 th  Partners
LLC and Property Owner, as amended by that certain Reinstatement and First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of
October 7, 2016 between 223 North 8 th  Partners LLC and Property Owner. 

Purchasing
Election   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(a) . 

Regulations  
shall mean the Treasury Regulations promulgated pursuant to the Code, as amended from time to time, including the corresponding
provisions of any successor regulations. 

Regulatory
Allocations   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 7.3(h) . 

Regulatory
Agreement   means that certain agreement between 223 North 8th Partners LLC and the City of New York, through HPD, dated
as of December 10, 2014 and recorded in the Office of the City Register of the City of New York on January 15, 2015, as CRFN 2015000018739,
as the same may be amended or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Regulatory
Documents   means, collectively, (i) the Regulatory Agreement, and (ii) that certain restrictive declaration entered into
by 223 North 8th Partners LLC as of March 3, 2016 and recorded in the Office of the City Register of the City of New York on March
15, 2016, as CRFN 2016000091014, as the same may be amended or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms hereof. 

Required Consent  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(g) . 

Reserves  
means, as the context may require, (a) the amount of any escrows or reserves required to be held and maintained pursuant to a Loan
to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party, and/or (b) the amount of any escrows or reserves held by the Company
pursuant to the Annual Budget or as otherwise agreed to by the Members as a Major Decision. 

Revisions Notice  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 9.3 . 

ROFO Closing  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(c) . 

ROFO Closing
Date   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(c) . 

ROFO Default  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(c) . 

ROFO Election  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(a) . 

ROFO Sale  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(a) . 

Sale  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.5(b) . 

Securities
Act   shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Selling Election  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(a) . 

Selling Member  
shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(b) . 

Subsidiary  
shall mean any Person of which fifty percent (50%) or more is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. 

Tax Matters
Member   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 8.3 . 

TPH  
shall have the meaning provided in the first paragraph of this Agreement. 

Transfer  
means, as a noun, any direct or indirect transfer, sale, assignment, exchange, charge, pledge, gift, hypothecation, conveyance,
encumbrance or other disposition, voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise and, as a verb, voluntarily or involuntarily,
by operation of law or otherwise, to transfer, sell, assign, exchange, charge, pledge, give, hypothecate, convey, encumber or otherwise
dispose of. 

Triggering
Member   shall have the meaning provided in  Section 12.6(a) . 

Section
2.            Organization of the Company . 

2.1             Name .
The name of the Company shall be  Pacolet Trinity 223 Partners, LLC . The business and affairs of the Company shall
be conducted under such name or such other name as may be determined by the Members, or as may be or become necessary to comply
with the requirements of law in any jurisdiction in which the Company may elect to do business, subject to the approval of the
Members. 

2.2             Place
of Registered Office; Registered Agent . The address of the registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware is 1209
Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The name and address of the registered agent for service of process on the Company
in the State of Delaware is The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The Members may at
any time agree to change the location of the Company s registered office or change the registered agent. 

2.3             Principal
Office . The principal address of the Company shall be 550 S. Main Street, Suite 601, Greenville, South Carolina 29601 or at
such other place as may be agreed upon by the Members from time to time. 

2.4             Filings .
On or before execution of this Agreement, an authorized person within the meaning of the Act shall have duly filed or caused to
be filed the Certificate of Formation of the Company with the office of the Secretary of State of Delaware, as provided in Section
18-201 of the Act, and shall have arranged for the qualification of the Company to transact business in New York as a foreign
limited liability company with such qualification to occur after the execution of this Agreement, and the Members hereby ratify
such filing and qualification. Administrative Member shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to take such other actions
as may be reasonably necessary to perfect and maintain the status of the Company as a limited liability company in good standing
under the laws of Delaware and its qualification to transact business as a foreign limited liability company and its good standing
under the laws of New York. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall not do business in any
jurisdiction that would jeopardize the limitation on liability afforded to the Members under the Act or this Agreement. 

2.5             Term .
The Company shall continue in existence in perpetuity or until the Company is dissolved as provided in  Section 13 , whichever
shall occur earlier. 

2.6             Expenses
of the Company; Member Reimbursement . The Company shall reimburse each Member for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses
relating to such Member fulfilling its duties under this Agreement as set forth in the Approved Budget. Any costs for professionals
advising the Company, including legal and accounting fees and costs arising from audit and reporting matters shall be expenses
of the Company. Administrative Member shall not receive any compensation in connection with the management of the Company. 

Section
3.            Purpose . The purpose of the Company, subject in each
case to the terms hereof, shall be to directly or indirectly engage in the business of acquiring, owning, operating, developing,
renovating, repositioning, managing, leasing, selling, financing and refinancing the Property (or portions thereof), which may
be held by the Company directly or through entities in which the Company owns interests, and all other activities reasonably necessary
to carry out such purpose. 

Section
4.            Intentionally Omitted . 

Section
5.            Capital Contributions and Capital Accounts . 

5.1             Initial
Capital Contributions . 

(a)           On
or prior to the date hereof, the Members have made an initial Capital Contribution (the   Initial Capital Contribution  )
to the Company in the amount set forth in the column labeled  Initial Capital Contributions  on  Exhibit A  attached
hereto. 

(b)           On
the date hereof, PME shall Transfer and assign to the Company, pursuant to an assignment of membership interests, in a form reasonably
acceptable to TPH, one hundred percent (100%) of the limited liability company membership interests of Property Owner free and
clear of all liens and other encumbrances. 

5.2             Additional
Capital Contributions . 

(a)           At
such time as a Member determines that the Company requires cash (1) for capital expenditures, operating expenses and/or other purposes
of the Company or Company Subsidiaries in accordance with the Annual Budget, or (2) upon a Member s good faith determination
that there is a need for funds in respect of costs in excess of the Annual Budget including in the event any of the direct or indirect
assets of the Company is affected by an Emergency, such Member (the   Calling Member  ) shall recommend to the
other Member in a written notice provided to such other Member (a   Capital Request Notice  ) that a call should
be made for additional Capital Contributions (  Additional Capital Contributions  ) which Capital Request Notice
shall set forth the amount of capital that such Member has determined is required by the Company. If the request for Additional
Capital Contributions is approved as a Major Decision (other than Capital Calls in the case of an Emergency which shall not require
unanimous consent), the Calling Member shall provide written notice thereof (a   Capital Call  ) to the Members
which notice shall, in accordance with the applicable Capital Request Notice, request that the Members make further contributions
to the capital of the Company as hereinafter provided. 

(i)           Within
ten (10) Business Days after approval of the Capital Call pursuant to  Section 5.2(a) , the Members shall make an Additional
Capital Contribution pro rata in proportion to their Percentage Interests pursuant to such Capital Call. If any Member fails to
make its Additional Capital Contribution pursuant to this  Section 5.2(a)(i)  (a   Non-Contributing Member  )
as and when due for any reason, then the Contributing Member (as defined below) shall provide prompt written notice thereof (the
  Contribution Notice  ) to each Member, such notice to identify each Non-Contributing Member and the amount that
each such Non-Contributing Member failed to contribute. Each Member who has not failed to make its Additional Capital Contribution
(a   Contributing   Member  ) shall have the right upon written notice to the Contributing Member within
five (5) days after delivery of the Contribution Notice, to contribute the amount of any Non-Contributing Member s Additional
Capital Contribution to the Company, which payment shall not be deemed an Additional Capital Contribution, but rather a loan (a
  Default Loan  ) to such Non-Contributing Member(s) in an amount equal to the unfunded Additional Capital Contribution,
each of which loans will be evidenced by a promissory note in form reasonably satisfactory to the Contributing Member(s) and shall
constitute a debt owed by the Non-Contributing Member(s) to the Contributing Member(s). In the event that there is more than one
Contributing Member electing to make a Default Loan, then each such Contributing Member shall fund its pro rata share (determined
based on such Contributing Member s Percentage Interest in the Company over the sum of all Contributing Members  Percentage
Interests in the Company (the   Contributing Percentage Interest  )). 

(ii)          Any
Default Loan shall bear interest at the rate of twenty percent (20%) per annum, compounded monthly, but in no event in excess of
the highest rate permitted by applicable laws (the   Default Loan Rate  ) and shall be payable by the Non-Contributing
Member to the Contributing Member(s) pro rata in accordance with their Contributing Percentage Interest from any Distributions
due to Non-Contributing Member hereunder. Interest on a Default Loan to the extent unpaid, shall accrue and compound at the Default
Loan Rate. A Default Loan shall be prepayable, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time without penalty to the Contributing
Member(s) pro rata in accordance with their Contributing Percentage Interest. Any such Default Loans shall be with full recourse
to the Non-Contributing Member and shall be secured by the Non-Contributing Member s Interests including, without limitation,
the Non- Contribution Member s right to Distributions. In furtherance thereof, upon the making of such Default Loan, the
Non-Contributing Member hereby pledges, assigns and grants a security interest in its Interest to the Contributing Member(s) and
agrees to execute such documents and statements reasonably requested by the Contributing Member(s) to further evidence and secure
such security interest;  provided ,  however , that such security interest may be foreclosed upon only in the event that
during the period in which a Default Loan is outstanding, Distributions are paid to the Non-Contributing Member prior to payment
in full of all amounts (including interest) owed under the Default Loan. All Distributions that would have otherwise gone to the
Non-Contributing Member absent the existence of a Default Loan shall be applied first to the payment of any interest due under
any Default Loan and then to the principal of the Default Loan of each Contributing Member pro rata in accordance with their Contributing
Percentage Interest until all amounts due thereunder are paid in full. While any Default Loan is outstanding, the Company shall
be obligated to pay directly to the Contributing Member(s), for application to and until all Default Loans (and interest accrued
thereon) have been paid in full, the amount of (x) any Distributions payable to the Non-Contributing Member, and (y) any proceeds
of the sale of the Non- Contributing Member s Interest in the Company until the Default Loan is repaid in full. Each Contributing
Member may, by delivering a notice to the Non- Contributing Member at any time following the date that shall be thirty (30) days
after the making of such Default Loan and prior to the full repayment of such Default Loan (and all accrued and unpaid interest
thereon), elect to terminate such Default Loan and have a portion of the Non-Contributing Member s Interest diluted as set
forth in  Section 5.2(a)(ii)(1)  through  (a)(ii)(2)  (such portion equal to such Contributing Member s Contributing
Percentage Interest), with such portion of the outstanding principal amount of the Default Loan, together with the accrued and
unpaid interest thereon, treated as a Capital Contribution to the Company (  Default Contribution  ) and the Capital
Accounts of the Non- Contributing Member and such Contributing Member adjusted accordingly (such Contributing Member making such
election, a   Diluting Member  ).\ 

(1)   If a Default Loan is converted into a Default Contribution pursuant to  subsection 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, then as of the date of such conversion, (A) the Diluting Member electing such conversion will be deemed to have made a Default
Contribution in the amount of the Diluting Member s Contributing Percentage Interest of the outstanding principal balance
and interest under such Default Loan, and (B) the Non-Contributing Member shall be treated as having received a distribution in
the amount of the Diluting Member s Contributing Percentage Interest of the outstanding principal balance and interest under
the Default Loan which distribution shall be deemed as having repaid such portion of the Default Loan.   

(2)   At the time the Diluting Member converts the Default Loan into a Default Contribution, the Diluting
Member s Percentage Interest shall be recalculated and increased by an amount equal to the percentage equivalent of a fraction,
the numerator of which is 200% of the Diluting Member s Default Contribution and the denominator of which is equal to the
total sum of the aggregate amount of the Capital Contributions made by all Members through and including the date such Diluting
Member made such Default Contribution. The Interest of a Non-Contributing Member shall be reduced by an amount equal to the percentage
by which the Diluting Member s Interest was increased pursuant to the preceding sentence.   

(b)           Except
as set forth in this  Section 5.2 , no Member shall be permitted to lend any money or make any Capital Contributions to the
Company. 

5.3             Return
of Capital Contribution . Except as approved by the Members, no Member shall have any right to withdraw or make a demand for
withdrawal of the balance reflected in such Member s Capital Account (as determined under  Section 5.5 ) until the
full and complete winding up and liquidation of the business of the Company;  provided ,  however , that nothing contained
in this  Section 5.3  shall preclude Members from receiving Distributions of Distributable Funds in accordance with  Section
6.1  herein. 

5.4             No
Interest on Capital . Interest earned on Company funds shall inure solely to the benefit of the Company, and no interest shall
be paid upon any Capital Contributions nor upon any undistributed or reinvested income or profits of the Company. 

5.5             Capital
Accounts .   Capital Account   shall mean a book account which shall be maintained by the Company in accordance
with the following provisions for each Member: 

(a)           To
each Member s Capital Account there shall be credited the amount of cash contributed by such Member, the initial Gross Asset
Value of any other asset contributed by such Member to the capital of the Company (net of liabilities secured by such contributed
property that the Company assumes or takes subject to), such Member s distributive share of Net Income, the amount of any
of the liabilities of the Company assumed by the Member, and any other items in the nature of income or gain that are allocated
to such Member; and 

(b)           To
each Member s Capital Account there shall be debited the amount of cash distributed to the Member, the Gross Asset Value
of any of the Company Property distributed to such Member pursuant to any provision of this Agreement (net of liabilities secured
by such distributed property that such Member assumes or takes subject to), and such Member s distributive share of Net Losses
and any other items in the nature of expenses or losses that are allocated to such Member. 

In the event that a
Member s Interests or portion thereof is Transferred within the meaning of Regulations  1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(l), the transferee
shall succeed to the Capital Account of the transferor to the extent that it relates to the Interests or portion thereof so Transferred. 

The foregoing provisions
and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Regulations
 1.704-1(b), and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such Regulations. 

5.6             New
Members . The Company shall not issue additional Interests or admit new Members unless approved as a Major Decision. 

5.7             No
Further Capital Contributions . Except as expressly provided in this Agreement or with the prior written consent of the Members,
and subject to the provisions of this Agreement, no Member shall be required or entitled to contribute any other or further capital
to the Company, nor shall any Member be required or entitled to loan any funds to the Company. No Member will have any obligation
to restore any negative balance in its Capital Account at any time including upon liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 

Section
6.            Distributions . 

6.1             Distribution
of Distributable Funds . From and after the date hereof, Distributable Funds, if any, shall be distributed to the Members at
such times as determined by the Members, but not less often than quarterly. Such Distributable Funds shall be distributed to the
Members pro rata and pari passu in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 

Section
7.            Allocations . 

7.1             Allocations
of Net Income and Net Losses . Subject to  Section 7.3  and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Net Income
and Net Losses of the Company for each calendar year shall be allocated among the Members in a manner such that, as of the end
of such calendar year and taking into account all prior allocations of Net Income and Net Losses of the Company and all Distributions
made by the Company through such date, the Capital Account of each Member is, as nearly as possible, equal to (i) the distributions
that would be made to such Member pursuant to  Section 13.3(d)(2)  if the Company were dissolved, its affairs wound up and
assets sold for cash equal to their Gross Asset Value, all Company liabilities were satisfied (limited with respect to each Nonrecourse
Liability to the Gross Asset Value of the assets securing such liability), and the net assets of the Company were distributed
in accordance with  Section 13.3(d)(2)  immediately after such allocation, minus (ii) such Member s share of Company
Minimum Gain and Member Minimum Gains immediately prior to such hypothetical gain. 

7.2             Allocation
of Net Income and Net Losses in Liquidation . Net Income and Net Losses (or items thereof) realized by the Company in connection
with the liquidation of the Company pursuant to  Section 13  shall be allocated among the Members in a manner such that,
taking into account all prior allocations of Net Income and Net Losses of the Company and all Distributions made by the Company
through such date, the Capital Account of each Member is, as nearly as possible, equal to the amount which such Member is entitled
to receive pursuant to  Section 13.3(d)(2) . 

7.3             Mandatory
Allocations . 

(a)            No
Excess Deficit . To the extent that any Member has or would have, as a result of an allocation of Net Loss (or item thereof),
an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, such amount of Net Loss (or item thereof) shall be allocated on a Member-by-Member basis so
as to allocate the maximum permissible deduction or loss to each Member under Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d). 

(b)            Company
Minimum Gain Chargeback . Notwithstanding any other provision of this  Section 7 , if there is a net decrease in Company
Minimum Gain during any calendar year, then, subject to the exceptions set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-2(f)(2), (3), (4)
and (5), each Member shall be specially allocated items of the Company income and gain for such year (and, if necessary, subsequent
years) in an amount equal to such Member s share of the net decrease in Company Minimum Gain, as determined under Regulations
Section 1.704-2(g). Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts required
to be allocated to each Member pursuant thereto. The items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Regulations
Section 1.704-2(f). This  Section 7.3(b)  is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirements in Regulations
Section 1.704-2(f) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 

(c)            Member
Minimum Gain Chargeback . Notwithstanding any other provision of this  Section 7  except  Section 7.3(b) , if there
is a net decrease in Member Minimum Gain attributable to a Member Nonrecourse Debt during any calendar year, then, subject to the
exceptions set forth in Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4), each Member who has a share of the Member Minimum Gain attributable
to such Member Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(5), shall be specially allocated
items of the Company income and gain for such year (and, if necessary, subsequent years) in an amount equal to such Member s
share of the net decrease in Member Minimum Gain attributable to such Member Nonrecourse Debt, determined in accordance with Regulations
Section 1.704-2(i)(4). Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts required
to be allocated to each Member pursuant thereto. The items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Regulations
Section 1.704-2(i)(4). This  Section 7.3(c)  is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in such Section
of the Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 

(d)            Qualified
Income Offset . Notwithstanding any other provision of this  Section 7 , except  Section 7.3(b)  and  Section 7.3(c) ,
in the event any Member receives any adjustments, allocations or distributions described in Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),
(5), or (6), that cause or increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit of such Member, items of the Company income and gain shall
be specially allocated to such Member in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate, to the extent required by the Regulations,
the Adjusted Capital Account Deficit of such Member as quickly as possible, provided that an allocation pursuant to this  Section
7.3(d)  shall be made only if and to the extent that such Member would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all other
allocations provided for in this  Section 7  have been tentatively made as if this  Section 7.3(d)  were not in the Agreement. 

(e)            Nonrecourse
Deductions . Nonrecourse Deductions for any calendar year shall be allocated to the Members in accordance with their Percentage
Interest. 

(f)            Member
Nonrecourse Deductions . Any Member Nonrecourse Deductions for any calendar year shall be specially allocated to the Member
who bears the economic risk of loss with respect to the Member Nonrecourse Debt to which such Member Nonrecourse Deductions are
attributable in accordance with Regulations  1.704-2(i)(1). 

(g)            Code
Section 754 Adjustments . To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any Company Property pursuant to Code Sections
734(b) or 743(b) is required, pursuant to Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m), to be taken into account in determining Capital
Accounts, the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases
the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis), and such item of gain or loss shall be specially allocated
to the Members in a manner consistent with the manner in which their Capital Accounts are required to be adjusted pursuant to Regulations
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m). Each Member hereby agrees to provide the Company with all information necessary to give effect to
an election made under Code Section 754 if the Company has made or if Administrative Member determines to make such an election. 

(h)            Curative
Allocations . The allocations set forth in  Section 7.3(a)  through  Section 7.3(g)  (the   Regulatory Allocations  )
are intended to comply with certain requirements of Regulations Sections 1704-1(b) and 1.704-2. The Regulatory Allocations
shall be taken into account for the purpose of equitably adjusting subsequent allocations of Net Income and Net Losses, and items
of income, gain, loss, and deduction among the Members so that, to the extent possible, the net amount of such allocations of Net
Income and Net Losses and other items to each Member shall be equal to the net amount that would have been allocated to each such
Member if the Regulatory Allocations had not occurred. 

7.4             Tax
Allocations . Subject to Section 704(c) of the Code, for U.S. federal and state income tax purposes, all items of Company income,
gain, loss, deduction and credit shall be allocated among the Members in the same manner as the corresponding item of income,
gain, loss, deduction or credit was allocated pursuant to the preceding paragraphs of this  Section 7 . 

(a)            Code
Section 704(c) . In accordance with Code Section 704(c) and the Regulations promulgated thereunder, income and loss with respect
to any property contributed to the capital of the Company (including, if the property so contributed constitutes a partnership
interest, the applicable distributive share of each item of income, gain, loss, expense and other items attributable to such partnership
interest whether expressly so allocated or reflected in partnership allocations) shall, solely for U.S. federal and applicable
state income tax purposes, be allocated among the Members so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of
such property to the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its Agreed Upon Value at the time of contribution. Such allocation
with respect to PME s Initial Capital Contribution shall be made in accordance with the traditional method set forth in Regulations
Section 1.704-3(b). 

Any elections or other
decisions relating to such allocations shall be made by the Tax Matters Member in any manner that reasonably reflects the purpose
and intention of this Agreement. Allocations pursuant to this  Section 7.4  are solely for purposes of U.S. federal, state
and local income taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any Member s share of Net
Income, Net Loss, other items or distributions pursuant to any provisions of this Agreement. 

Section
8.            Books, Records, Tax Matters and Bank Accounts . 

8.1             Books
and Records . The books and records of account of the Company shall be maintained by the Administrative Member in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied and shall be reconciled to comply with
the methods followed by the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, consistently applied. The books and records shall be
maintained at the Company s principal office or at a location approved by the Members, and all such books and records (and
the dealings and other affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries) shall be available to any Member at such location for review,
investigation, audit and copying, at such Member s sole cost and expense, during normal business hours on at least twenty-four
(24) hours prior notice;  provided ,  however , that (i) the Company shall pay for all costs of any audit that
is performed at the request of a Lender, and (ii) if one (but not both) of the Members otherwise desires for the annual financial
statements of the Company to be audited than the Company shall reimburse such Member for up to ten thousand dollars ($10,000)
per calendar year of out-of-pocket costs in respect of such audit. 

8.2             Reports
and Financial Statements . Administrative Member shall deliver to the Members no later than fifteen (15) calendar days after
the previous month end date (i) the trial balance, balance sheet, statement of operations, statement of members equity, statement
of monthly cash flows and the rent roll, (ii) any financial reports required by any Loan, (iii) all other reports required to
be prepared by the Property Manager under the Management Agreement, and (iv) no later than one hundred twenty (120) days after
the end of a calendar year, a statement of the Members  Capital Accounts and changes therein during such applicable calendar
year. To the extent applicable, the reports required by this  Section 8.2  shall be prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied and shall be reconciled to comply with the methods followed
by the Company for U.S. Federal income tax purposes, consistently applied. All reports and financial statements required by this
 Section 8.2  shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Members. The reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with the preparation of such reports and statements shall be reimbursed by the Company to Administrative Member.
Any Member may request an audit of any such reports at their own cost and expense, with such audit to be performed by BDO USA
LLP, or such other firm of independent certified public accountants approved by the Members as a Major Decision. 

8.3             Tax
Matters Member . TPH is hereby designated as the  tax matters partner  of the Company and its Subsidiaries to the
extent applicable with respect to taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018, and otherwise as the  company representative 
(the   Tax Matters Member  ). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including Major Decisions), all
elections required or permitted to be made by the Company and its Subsidiaries under the Code or state tax law shall be timely
determined and made by the Tax Matters Member. The Members intend that the Company be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal,
state and local tax purposes, and the Members will not elect or authorize any person to elect to change the status of the Company
from that of a partnership for U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes without the prior written reasonable consent
of all Members. The Tax Matters Member agrees to consult with PME with respect to any written notice of any material tax elections
and any material inquiries, claims, assessments, audits, controversies or similar events received from any taxing authority (and
shall not settle or offer to settle the same without the prior written consent of PME). The Tax Matters Member will not elect
into application of the New Partnership Audit Rules under Section 1101(g)(4) of the 2015 Budget Act or any similar provision relating
to the New Partnership Audit Rules without the prior written consent of PME. The Company hereby indemnifies and holds harmless
the Tax Matters Member from and against any claim, loss, expense, liability, action or damage resulting from its acting or its
failure to take any action as the  tax matters partner  of the Company and its Subsidiaries, provided that any such
action or failure to act does not constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct. If the Tax Matters Member institutes a proceeding
in the United States District Court or Claims Court for the benefit of (or in defense of) the Company or any Subsidiary, and is
thereby required by statute to make a deposit, that deposit will be made by the Company. 

8.4             Bank
Accounts . The Administrative Member through the Property Manager shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, establish and maintain
segregated bank accounts in the name of the Company and for the business of the Company, which accounts shall, to the extent reasonably
practicable, be interest-bearing. All funds of the Company are to be deposited in the Company s name in such bank account
or accounts of the Company as may be designated by Administrative Member, and shall be withdrawn on the signature of such Person
or Persons authorized and designated as signatories for such purpose by Administrative Member and Non-Administrative Member, respectively;
provided that any withdrawals or payments from such accounts in excess of $10,000 shall require prior notice to the other Member
unless such withdrawal or payments are made pursuant to an Approved Budget. 

8.5             Tax
Returns . The Tax Matters Member shall prepare or cause to be prepared all income and other tax returns of the Company and
its Subsidiaries required by applicable law. The Tax Matters Member will obtain consent from all Members before filing any tax
returns of the Company or its Subsidiaries. On or before March 15 of each calendar year (subject to extension to the extent permitted
under applicable law), the Tax Matters Member shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Member a copy of the tax returns
for the Company and such Subsidiaries with respect to such calendar year, together with such information with respect to the Company
and such Subsidiaries as shall be necessary for the preparation by such Member of its U.S. federal and state income or other tax
and information returns. 

8.6             New
Partnership Audit Rules . The Company will not elect into application of the New Partnership Audit Rules under Section 1101(g)(4)
of the 2015 Budget Act or any similar provision relating to the New Partnership Audit Rules. If the Company comes to be subject
to the New Partnership Audit Rules for any period the Company will, with respect to any  final partnership adjustment 
(as such term is defined for purposes of Section 6226(a) of the Code (as revised to reflect the New Partnership Audit Rules) or
any successor provision), make the election provided for in Section 6226(a) of the Code (as revised to reflect the New Partnership
Audit Rules) or any successor provision). If the Company comes to be subject to the New Partnership Audit Rules for any period,
the Company s Partnership Representative for purposes of the New Partnership Audit Rules will be the Tax Matters Member.
The Tax Matters Member shall have no authority pursuant to its designation under  Section 8.3  hereof to exercise any authority
with respect to matters subject to the New Partnership Audit Rules. Promptly following the written request of the Tax Matters
Member, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, reimburse and indemnify the Tax Matters Member for all reasonable,
documented, out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable legal and accounting fees, claims, liabilities, losses, and damages incurred
by the Tax Matters Member (in its capacity as such) in connection with any administration or judicial proceedings (a) with respect
to the tax liability of the Company and/or (b) with respect to the tax liability of the Members in connection with the operations
of the Company. The provisions of this  Section 8.6  shall survive the dissolution and liquidation of Company or the termination,
cancellation or redemption of any Interest and shall remain binding on the Members for as long a period of time as is necessary
to resolve with the Internal Revenue Service any and all matters regarding the federal income taxation of the Company or the Members
(relating to the operations of the Company). The Tax Matters Member will, on a reasonably timely basis, provide the Company with
copies of all notices received by the Tax Matters Member in connection with any proceeding or potential adjustment relating to
the Company that is subject to the New Partnership Audit Rules. With respect to any proceeding or potential adjustment subject
to the New Partnership Audit Rules, the Tax Matters Member will, on a reasonably timely basis, provide each Member with copies
of all notices received by the Company or the Tax Matters Member from the Internal Revenue Service. In exercising its authority
as Tax Matters Member under the New Partnership Audit Rules, the Tax Matters Member shall at times be subject to the direction
of Administrative Member. 

Section
9.            Management and Operations . 

9.1             Management . 

(a)           Except
as otherwise expressly provided herein, a unanimous vote of the Members shall be required to take any action, make any decision
or approve any matter. 

(b)           Subject
in all respects to the provisions of  Section 9.1(a)  and  9.1(c)  herein, the Members hereby delegate to the Administrative
Member the power and authority to conduct, and the Administrative Member shall have signing authority on behalf of the Company
in connection with (i) the day-to-day management and operation of the business and affairs of the Company in accordance with the
Annual Business Plan and Annual Budget, (ii) carrying out and implementing immaterial day-to-day operations of the Company, (iii)
preparing specified reports and financial statements, (iv) communications and follow-up with the Property Manager (including
reporting and budgeting matters the Members jointly request from the Property Manager), and (vi) managing the Company consistent
with the other terms and conditions of this Agreement. In addition, the Non-Administrative Member shall have signing authority
on behalf of the Company in connection with an Emergency pursuant to the provisions of  Section 9.3 . 

(c)           Notwithstanding
the provisions of  Section 9.1(b) , the Administrative Member may not cause the Company to take or omit to take any action
or make any decision with respect to any of the matters set forth on  Exhibit B  (  Major   Decisions  ),
without in each instance, obtaining the consent of both Members. Either Member may initiate a Major Decision;  provided that ,
prior to the third (3 rd ) anniversary of the date hereof, neither Member may require that a Major Decision be made in
respect of the sale of the Property. Each Member shall, within ten (10) days after a Major Decision is proposed, notify the Administrative
Member and the other Member in writing that such Member approves of same, or provide reasonable details for objecting to such Major
Decision. If approval of, or objection to, such Major Decision is not received prior to the end of such ten (10) day period, Administrative
Member or the other Member, as applicable, shall deliver a follow-up notice in accordance with the terms hereof to the other Member
(and shall make reasonable efforts to contact such Member by telephone) clearly disclosing to the recipient that its failure to
respond will result in the deemed disapproval of such Member, and if notwithstanding such follow-up notice and reasonable efforts
by Administrative Member such Member still fails to respond within five (5) days of receipt of such follow-up request, such Major
Decision shall be deemed disapproved by such Member. Upon approval of a Major Decision, Administrative Member shall promptly implement
such decision on behalf of the Company or its Subsidiaries. If both Members shall not approve any such Major Decision, Administrative
Member shall not take the proposed action or refrain from the proposed inaction, as applicable, on behalf of the Company or its
Subsidiaries. Administrative Member will keep Non-Administrative Member apprised of, and will regularly consult with Non-Administrative
Member on, material decisions, operations and affairs of the Company and will extend invitations to the Non-Administrative Member
on meetings or conferences of a material nature to the Company (including with the Property Manager and any Lenders). 

(d)           None
of the Members or Administrative Member shall have any duties or liabilities to the Company or any other Member (including any
fiduciary duties), whether or not such duties or liabilities otherwise arise or exist in law or in equity, and each Member hereby
expressly waives any such duties or liabilities;  provided ,  however , that this sentence shall not eliminate or limit
the liability of such parties (A) for acts or omissions that involve fraud, intentional misconduct, gross negligence or a knowing
and culpable violation of law, or (B) for any transaction or action not permitted or authorized under or pursuant to this Agreement;
 provided further ,  however , that the duty of care of each of such parties is to not commit fraud, intentional misconduct,
gross negligence or a knowing and culpable violation of law. 

(e)           It
is expressly understood that the Company may conduct its business directly or indirectly through direct or indirect Subsidiaries.
Administrative Member shall perform the same or substantially identical services for each such direct or indirect Subsidiary of
the Company as Administrative Member performs for the Company, subject to the terms, conditions, limitations and restrictions of
this Agreement, including the terms regarding Major Decisions. 

(f)           Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, if there is a contract or agreement between the Company or any Subsidiary, on the one hand, and a Member
or an Affiliate of a Member, on the other hand, then the other Member (the   Non-Affiliated   Member  ) shall
have the right unilaterally (but not the obligation) to make all decisions and take (or refrain from taking) all actions with respect
to the following: (i) the issuance by the Company or any Subsidiary of any waiver, release or non-ordinary course consent; (ii)
the exercise by the Company or any Subsidiary of any rights or remedies, or the institution of any action, under the applicable
contract or agreement; (iii) the enforcement of any rights of the Company or any Subsidiary, or obligations of an applicable Member
or Affiliate, under the applicable contract or agreement; (iv) the verification of any fees or reimbursable expenses payable to
the applicable Member or any Affiliate thereof under the applicable contract or agreement; (v) any obligations or rights of the
Company or any Subsidiary in respect of the applicable contract or agreement following the termination or expiration of the applicable
contract or agreement; (vi) any matter or dispute between the Company or any Subsidiary and the applicable Member or any Affiliate
thereof in respect of the applicable contract or agreement (whether or not such dispute or matter is being arbitrated or litigated);
and (vii) any consent or approval required of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any contract or agreement or any transaction
or arrangement between the applicable Member or Affiliate and any Affiliate thereof to the extent such consent or approval requires
the consent of such Member under this Agreement. 

9.2             Property
Management Agreement . The Company shall cause to enter into a property management agreement with a property manager (  Property
Manager  ) pursuant to a property management agreement approved by the Members as a Major Decision. 

9.3             Annual
Business Plan; Annual Budget . Attached is a copy of the 2016 Approved Budget for the balance of the 2016 calendar year approved
by the Members, it being understood that there is no Approved Business Plan for the balance of the 2016 calendar year. Promptly
following the acquisition of the Property by Property Owner in respect of the 2017 calendar year, and thereafter no later than
sixty (60) days prior to the end of each calendar year, Administrative Member shall cause the Property Manager to prepare an annual
budget (the   Annual Budget  ) and an annual business plan the (  Annual Business Plan  ), and
deliver such Annual Budget and Annual Business Plan to the Members for approval as a Major Decision. If Administrative Member,
or any other Member upon notice to the Administrative Member, desires to amend the Approved Budget or Approved Business Plan during
the course of any calendar year, Administrative Member shall cause Property Manager to prepare such amended Approved Budget or
Approved Business Plan and deliver the same to the Members for approval as a Major Decision. Each Member shall, within fifteen
(15) days after a proposed Annual Budget, Annual Business Plan, or amendment to any Approved Budget or Approved Business Plan,
is submitted to such Member, notify the proposing Member in writing (a) that such Member approves of same, or (b) of any revisions
such Member believes should be made thereto (a   Revisions Notice  ). With respect to all or any portion of such
Annual Budget, Annual Business Plan, or amendment to any Approved Budget or Approved Business Plan (each, an   Approval
Item  ) as to which no Revisions Notice is delivered prior to the end of such fifteen (15) day period, Administrative
Member shall deliver a follow-up notice in accordance with the terms hereof to such Member (and shall make reasonable efforts
to contact such Member by telephone) clearly disclosing to the recipient that its failure to respond will result in the deemed
disapproval of such Member, and if notwithstanding such follow-up notice and reasonable efforts by Administrative Member such
Member still fails to deliver a Revisions Notice within five (5) days of receipt of such follow-up request, the Approval Item
or such portion thereof will be deemed to have been disapproved and not consented to by such Member. If the Revisions Notice is
timely delivered, Administrative Member shall cause the Property Manager to modify the Approval Item pursuant to the Revisions
Notice, and shall resubmit the same to the Members for the Members  approval, within ten (10) days thereafter, and either
Member may deliver further Revisions Notices (if any) within ten (10) days thereafter (in which event, the re-submission and review
process described above in this sentence shall continue until the Approval Item in question is accepted and consented to by the
Members, or deemed to be so accepted and consented to). As to any portion of the proposed Annual Budget that is the subject of
a Revisions Notice, Administrative Member shall be permitted (and shall be permitted to allow the Property Manager) to continue
to act pursuant to the related portions of the Approved Budget for the immediately preceding calendar year (the   Prior
Approved Budget  ), with the line items therein adjusted as follows, if applicable thereto: (i) insurance, taxes, utilities,
and debt service, if any, shall each be adjusted to actual amounts, (ii) except for multi-year capital items that have otherwise
been approved and authorized by the Members in accordance with this Agreement, all capital and nonrecurring items for the current
calendar year in such Prior Approved Budget shall be deleted (except to the extent such capital and nonrecurring items are a part
of the Approved Budget for the immediately preceding calendar year, were not incurred in such calendar year and are required,
under a prior contractual commitment of the Company entered into in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, to be incurred
in the current calendar year), and (iii) all other expense line items in such Prior Approved Budget for the calendar year in question,
shall, in such proposed Annual Budget, be revised to reflect any changes in the Consumer Price Index over the twelve (12) month
period ending on the last day of the month preceding the month during which the proposed Annual Budget is first submitted to the
Members for their approval under this  Section 9.3 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if a Member believes that
emergency expenditures are considered necessary in connection with an Emergency, such Member shall notify the other Member of
the event giving rise to such expenditures and the actions that such Member believes must be taken with respect thereto and make
reasonable efforts to obtain the consent of the Members. Upon receipt of this notice, or upon its own good faith decision that
such expenditures are necessary in connection with an Emergency, as applicable, such Member shall promptly take any and all actions
(including making expenditures outside of the Annual Budget out of available Company funds or pursuant to  Section 5.2(a) )
as determined in good faith to alleviate the situation, and shall notify the other Members when such Emergency has been resolved
and inform them of the actions taken to effect such resolution. 

9.4             Other
Activities . Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither the Company nor any Member (or any Affiliate of any Member)
shall have any right by virtue of this Agreement either to participate in or to share in any other now existing or future ventures,
activities or opportunities or in the income or proceeds derived from such ventures, activities or opportunities of any of the
other Members or their respective Affiliates even if such ventures, activities or opportunities are competitive with the Company. 

9.5             Limitation
on Actions of Members; Binding Authority . No Member shall, without the prior written consent of the other Members, take any
action on behalf of, or in the name of, the Company, or enter into any contract, agreement, commitment or obligation binding upon
the Company, or, in its capacity as a Member of the Company, perform any act in any way relating to the Company or the Company s
assets, except in a manner and to the extent consistent with the provisions of this Agreement. 

9.6             Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act . 

(a)           In
compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, each Member will not, and will ensure that its officers, directors, employees,
shareholders, members, agents and Affiliates, acting on its behalf or on the behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates do not, for a corrupt purpose, offer, directly or indirectly, promise to pay, pay, promise to give, give or authorize
the paying or giving of anything of value to any official representative or employee of any government agency or instrumentality,
any political party or officer thereof or any candidate for office in any jurisdiction, except for any facilitating or expediting
payments to government officials, political parties or political party officials the purpose of which is to expedite or secure
the performance of a routine governmental action by such government officials or political parties or party officials. The term
 routine governmental action  for purposes of this provision shall mean an action which is ordinarily and commonly
performed by the applicable government official in (i) obtaining permits, licenses, or other such official documents which such
Person is otherwise legally entitled to; (ii) processing governmental papers; (iii) providing police protection, mail pick-up and
delivery or scheduling inspections associated with contract performance or inspections related to transit of goods across country;
(iv) providing phone service, power and water supply, loading and unloading of cargo, or protecting perishable products or commodities
from deterioration; or (v) actions of a similar nature. The term routine governmental action does not include any decision by a
government official whether, or on what terms, to award new business to or to continue business with a particular party, or any
action taken by an official involved in the decision making process to encourage a decision to award new business to or continue
business with a particular party. 

(b)           Each
Member agrees to notify immediately the other Members of any request that such Member or any of its officers, directors, employees,
shareholders, members, agents or Affiliates, acting on its behalf, receives to take any action that may constitute a violation
of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 

9.7             Prohibited
Persons, Patriot Act and Anti-Money Laundering . Each Member hereby represents that neither such Member nor, to such Member s
knowledge, any of its officers, directors, employees, representatives or investors, or any persons or entities controlling, controlled
by, or under common control with such Member, are Prohibited Persons. Each Member hereby represents that such Member is in compliance
with the Patriot Act. Each Member hereby represents that to such Member s knowledge neither such Member nor any of its officers,
directors, employees, representatives or investors or any persons or entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control
with such Member, is in violation of any legal requirement related to money laundering or anti-terrorism and none of such persons
or entities are located in or transacting business in any countries listed as embargoed countries under OFAC regulations. 

9.8             Bad
Conduct of Administrative Member; Removal Procedure . If Non-Administrative Member makes a good faith determination that Administrative
Member has engaged in Bad Conduct, it may deliver a notice to Administrative Member (a   Bad Conduct   Notice  ).
The Bad Conduct Notice shall set forth a reasonably detailed explanation of the basis for Non-Administrative Member s allegation
of Bad Conduct. Upon delivery of the Bad Conduct Notice to the Administrative Member, all rights and duties of PME as Administrative
Member hereunder shall be suspended and during the pendency of such suspension the Company will be managed in all respects jointly
by the Members and all actions taken by the Company shall require the approval of both Members, and any purported action (including,
without limitation, any action previously to be performed by the Administrative Member acting alone) that does not have the approval
of both Members shall be  void ab initio . Within ten (10) days after Non-Administrative Member gives the Bad Conduct Notice,
either Member shall give the other Member a notice (i) that it desires to initiate the Buy-Sell Election described in  Section 12.6
 or (ii) that it desires to submit the question of whether or not Administrative Member engaged in Bad Conduct to arbitration.
If either Member gives a notice under clause (i), regardless of whether either Member gave a notice under clause (ii), the Member
first providing notice under such clause (i) shall initiate the Buy-Sell Election described in  Section 12.6 . If either,
or both, Members give a notice under clause (ii) or fail to respond to the Bad Conduct Notice within such ten (10) day period,
and neither Member gave a notice under clause (i), the parties shall submit the allegation to arbitration in accordance with the
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, and the arbitrator will make the determination as to whether
Bad Conduct has occurred. If the arbitrator determines that Bad Conduct of Administrative Member has occurred, (a) either Administrative
Member or Non-Administrative Member may initiate the Buy-Sell Election set forth in  Section 12.6  by notice given to the
other Member, and (b) regardless of whether any Buy-Sell Election is timely made, Non- Administrative Member delivering the Bad
Conduct Notice shall automatically and immediately be deemed to have been appointed as Administrative Member hereunder. No action
or inaction of Administrative Member under this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute an admission of Bad Conduct for any purpose,
unless Administrative Member in writing expressly admits to such Bad Conduct. An arbitrator s determination of Bad Conduct
shall not be binding on Administrative Member in any way, other than to give Non-Administrative Member the right to initiate the
Buy-Sell Election described in  Section 12.6  or to replace Administrative Member, but shall not be a determination of Bad
Conduct, or an admission of Bad Conduct, for the purpose of any suit for damages, criminal prosecution, any other arbitration,
litigation or dispute resolution proceeding or for any other purpose. 

Section
10.           Confidentiality . 

(a)           Any
information relating to a Member s business, operation or finances which are proprietary to, or considered proprietary by,
a Member are hereinafter referred to as   Confidential Information  . All Confidential Information in tangible
form (plans, writings, drawings, computer software and programs, etc.) or provided to or conveyed orally or visually to a receiving
Member or the Company, including its Subsidiaries, shall be presumed to be Confidential Information at the time of delivery to
the receiving Member or the Company, including its Subsidiaries. All such Confidential Information shall be protected by the receiving
Member and the Company, including its Subsidiaries, as applicable, from disclosure with the same degree of care with which the
receiving Member or the Company, including its Subsidiaries, as applicable, protects its own Confidential Information from disclosure.
Each Member agrees: (i) not to disclose such Confidential Information to any Person except to those of its investors, employees
or representatives who need to know such Confidential Information in connection with the conduct of the business of the Company
and its Subsidiaries and who have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information and (ii) neither it nor
any of its investors, employees or representatives will use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than in connection
with the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries; provided that such restrictions shall not apply if such Confidential
Information: (1) is or hereafter becomes public, other than by breach of this Agreement, (2) was already in the receiving Member s
possession prior to any disclosure of the Confidential Information to the receiving Member by the divulging Member; or (3) has
been or is hereafter obtained by the receiving Member from a third party not bound by any confidentiality obligation with respect
to the Confidential Information;  provided ,  further , that nothing herein shall prevent any Member from disclosing
any portion of such Confidential Information (1) to the Company and allowing the Company to use such Confidential Information in
connection with the Company s business, (2) pursuant to judicial order or in response to a governmental or regulatory authority
inquiry, by subpoena or other legal process, but only to the extent required by such order, inquiry, subpoena or process, and only
after reasonable notice to the original divulging Member, (3) as necessary or appropriate in connection with or to prevent the
audit by a governmental agency of the accounts of a Member, (4) in order to initiate, defend or otherwise pursue legal proceedings
between the parties regarding this Agreement, (5) necessary in connection with a Transfer or potential Transfer of an Interest
permitted hereunder, (6) to a Member s respective attorneys or accountants or other representative, or (7) to a Member s
direct and indirect investors, partners, potential partners, potential transferees or lenders provided the recipients thereof have
agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such Confidential Information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, TPH may make
such disclosures including, without limitation, publicly filing this Agreement, as TPH determines is required by law upon advice
of counsel due to the fact that Trinity Place Holdings Inc. is a public company. 

(b)           The
Members and their Affiliates shall each act to safeguard the secrecy and confidentiality of, and any proprietary rights to, any
non-public information relating to the Company and its business, except to the extent such information is required to be disclosed
by law or reasonably necessary to be disclosed in order to carry out the business of the Company. Each Member may, from time to
time, provide the other Members written notice of its non-public information which is subject to this  Section 10 . 

Section
11.           Representations and Warranties . 

11.1           In
General . As of the date hereof, and as of the date of the admission of any Member, each of the Members hereby makes each of
the representations and warranties applicable to such Member as set forth in  Section 11.2  and, solely with respect to PME,
in  Section 11.3 . Such representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Agreement. 

11.2           Representations
and Warranties . Each Member hereby represents and warrants to the other Member and the Company that: 

(a)            Due
Incorporation or Formation; Authorization of Agreement . Such Member is a corporation duly organized or a partnership or limited
liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
formation and has the corporate, partnership or company power and authority to own its property and carry on its business as owned
and carried on at the date hereof and as contemplated hereby. Such Member is duly licensed or qualified to do business and in good
standing in each of the jurisdictions in which the failure to be so licensed or qualified would have a material adverse effect
on its financial condition or its ability to perform its obligations hereunder. Such Member has the corporate, partnership or company
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder, and the execution, delivery
and performance of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership or company action. This Agreement
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Member. 

(b)            No
Conflict with Restrictions; No Default . Neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement nor the consummation
by such Member (or any of its Affiliates) of the transactions contemplated hereby (i) does or will conflict with, violate or result
in a breach of (or has conflicted with, violated or resulted in a breach of) any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any
law, regulation, order, writ, injunction, decree, determination or award of any court, any governmental department, board, agency
or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or any arbitrator, applicable to such Member or any of its Affiliates, (ii) does or will
conflict with, violate, result in a breach of or constitute a default under (or has conflicted with, violated, resulted in a breach
of or constituted a default under) any of the terms, conditions or provisions of the articles of incorporation, bylaws, partnership
agreement or operating agreement of such Member or any of its Affiliates or of any material agreement or instrument to which such
Member or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which such Member or any of its Affiliates is or may be bound or to which any
of its properties or assets is subject, (iii) does or will conflict with, violate, result in (or has conflicted with, violated
or resulted in) a breach of, constitute (or has constituted) a default under (whether with notice or lapse of time or both), accelerate
or permit the acceleration of (or has accelerated) the performance required by, give (or has given) to others any material interests
or rights or require any consent, authorization or approval under any indenture, mortgage, lease, agreement or instrument to which
such Member or any of its Affiliates is a party or by which such Member or any of its Affiliates or any of their properties or
assets is or may be bound or (iv) does or will result (or has resulted) in the creation or imposition of any material lien upon
any of the properties or assets of such Member or any of its Affiliates. 

(c)            Governmental
Authorizations . Any registration, declaration or filing with, or consent, approval, license, permit or other authorization
or order by, or exemption or other action of, any governmental, administrative or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, that
was or is required in connection with the valid execution, delivery, acceptance and performance by such Member under this Agreement
or consummation by such Member (or any of its Affiliates) of any transaction contemplated hereby has been completed, made or obtained
on or before the date hereof. 

(d)            Litigation .
There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending, or, to the knowledge of such Member or any of its Affiliates,
threatened against or affecting such Member or any of its Affiliates or any of their properties, assets or businesses in any court
or before or by any governmental department, board, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or any arbitrator which could,
if adversely determined (or, in the case of an investigation could lead to any action, suit or proceeding which if adversely determined
could) reasonably be expected to materially impair such Member s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement
or to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of such Member; such Member or any of its Affiliates
has not received any currently effective notice of any default, and such Member or any of its Affiliates is not in default, under
any applicable order, writ, injunction, decree, permit, determination or award of any court, any governmental department, board,
agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, or any arbitrator which could reasonably be expected to materially impair such
Member s (or any of its Affiliate s) ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or to have a material
adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition of such Member. 

(e)            Investigation .
Such Member is acquiring its Interest based upon its own investigation, and the exercise by such Member of its rights and the performance
of its obligations under this Agreement will be based upon its own investigation, analysis and expertise. Such Member is a sophisticated
investor possessing an expertise in analyzing the benefits and risks associated with acquiring investments that are similar to
the acquisition of its Interest. 

(f)            Broker .
No broker, agent or other person acting as such on behalf of such Member was instrumental in consummating this transaction and
that no conversations or prior negotiations were had by such party with any broker, agent or other such person concerning the transaction
that is the subject of this Agreement. 

(g)            Investment
Company Act . Neither such Member nor any of its Affiliates is, nor will the Company as a result of such Member holding an interest
therein be, an  investment company  as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended. 

(h)            Securities
Matters . None of the Interests are registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Such Member understands
that the offering, issuance and sale of the Interests are intended to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, based,
in part, upon the representations, warranties and agreements contained in this Agreement. Such Member is an  accredited investor 
as such term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 

(i)   Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved
the Interests or passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offer or sale of the Interests. Such Member is acquiring the Interests
solely for such Member s own account for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution thereof in violation of
the Securities Act.   

(ii)   Such Member is unaware of, and in no way relying on, any form of general solicitation or general
advertising in connection with the offer and sale of the Interests, and no Member has taken any action which could give rise to
any claim by any person for brokerage commissions, finders  fees (without regard to any finders  fees payable by the
Company directly) or the like relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.   

(iii)   Such Member is not relying on the Company or any of its officers, directors, employees, advisors
or representatives with regard to the tax and other economic considerations of an investment in the Interests.   

(iv)   Such Member understands that the Interests may not be sold, hypothecated or otherwise disposed
of unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or an exemption from registration
is available. Such Member agrees that it will not attempt to sell, Transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of all or any
portion of the Interests in violation of this Agreement.   

(v)   Such Member has adequate means for providing for its current financial needs and anticipated future
needs and possible contingencies and emergencies and has no need for liquidity in the investment in the Interests.   

(vi)   Such Member has significant prior investment experience, including investment in non-listed and
non-registered securities. Such Member is knowledgeable about investment considerations and has a sufficient net worth to sustain
a loss of such Member s entire investment in the Company in the event such a loss should occur. Such Member s overall
commitment to investments which are not readily marketable is not excessive in view of such Member s net worth and financial
circumstances and the purchase of the Interests will not cause such commitment to become excessive. The investment in the Interests
is suitable for such Member.   

(vii)   Such Member represents to the Company that the information contained in this subparagraph (h) and
in all other writings, if any, furnished to the Company with regard to such Member (to the extent such writings relate to its exemption
from registration under the Securities Act) is complete and accurate and may be relied upon by the Company in determining the availability
of an exemption from registration under federal and state securities laws in connection with the sale of the Interests.   

11.3           Representations
and Warranties of PME . PME hereby represents and warrants to TPH and the Company that: 

(a)           The
Property Owner is a limited liability company, duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of
Delaware and is authorized to transact business in the state where the Property it owns is located. 

(b)           The
Property Owner is the purchaser of the Property under the PSA, and the PSA has not been amended or modified and is in full force
and effect. 

(c)           Immediately
prior to the date hereof Pacolet Milliken Enterprises, Inc. was the sole member, manager and owner, beneficially and of record,
of one hundred percent (100%) of the membership interests of Property Owner free and clear of all liens and other encumbrances;
as of the date hereof there is no non-member manager or director of Property Owner. 

(d)           There
are no rights, subscriptions, warrants, options, conversion rights or agreements of any kind outstanding to purchase or otherwise
acquire any membership or other interest in the Property Owner (including any securities or obligations of any kind convertible
into any partnership interest or other equity interest or profit participation of any kind in the Property Owner). 

(e)           PME
has delivered a true, correct and complete copy of the limited liability company agreement of the Property Owner to TPH (the   Property
Owner LLC   Agreement  ); the Property Owner LLC Agreement is in full force and effect. 

(f)           The
interests under the Property Owner LLC Agreement have been validly issued in compliance with such agreement, the certificate of
formation and other organizational documents of the Property Owner, and all applicable federal and state securities laws. 

(g)           The
Property Owner (i) is a special purpose entity that does not own (and has not owned) any real property and has not engaged in any
business other than in connection with the Property it owns, and (ii) has no employees. 

(h)           The
Property Owner has no assets, liabilities or obligations (whether asserted, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, liquidated
or unliquidated, due or to become due) except those under the express terms of the PSA. 

Section
12.           Sale, Assignment, Transfer or other Disposition . 

12.1           Prohibited
Transfers . Except as otherwise provided in this  Section 12 , neither PME nor TPH shall Transfer all or any part of its
direct Interest in the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or permit any Transfer of any direct or indirect interest in such Member,
whether legal or beneficial, and any attempt to so Transfer (and such Transfer) shall be null and void and of no effect. 

12.2           Permitted
Transfers . 

(a)           Either
Member shall be permitted to Transfer its Membership Interest, or permit Transfers of direct or indirect interests in such Member,
provided that in all cases the following conditions are satisfied in all respects: 

(i)   the transferring Member shall provide not less than ten (10) Business Days prior written notice
to the other Member of such proposed Transfer, together with the name of the proposed transferee;   

(ii)   such sale or assignment shall not result in a change of Control (i.e., Pacolet Milliken Enterprises,
Inc. or Trinity Place Holdings Inc., as applicable, holding less than 25% of the equity in and/or no longer Controlling its affiliated
Member);   

(iii)   such sale or assignment is permitted by any Loan to which the Company or any Subsidiary is subject;   

(iv)   no Member shall be permitted to Transfer, or permit a Transfer of, all or any portion of a direct
or indirect Interest in the Company or any Subsidiary to a Prohibited Person; and   

(v)   following such Transfer, the proposed transferee is able
to, and shall make all of the representations and warranties contained in  Section 11.2 . 

(b)           Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary, Transfers of direct or indirect interests in Trinity Place Holdings Inc. and Pacolet Milliken Enterprises,
Inc. shall be permitted without the consent or the approval of any Member or other party;  provided ,  however , that
in the event of any Transfer of more than fifty percent (50%) of the direct or indirect stock of Trinity Place Holdings Inc. or
Pacolet Milliken Enterprises, Inc. (or of the real estate interests held, directly or indirectly, by either such corporation, measured
by fair market value of assets) in a single transaction or a series of related transactions (a   Major Transfer  ),
the Member that is affiliated with Trinity Place Holdings Inc. or Pacolet Milliken Enterprises, Inc., as applicable, shall provide
notice of the Major Transfer to the other Member (the   Non-Transferring Member  ) promptly after learning of
the Major Transfer, and upon receipt of such notice the Non-Transferring Member may exercise its rights under the Buy-Sell Election
as set forth in  Section 12.6 . 

12.3           Admission
of Transferee . Notwithstanding anything in  Section 12  to the contrary, no Transfer of direct Interests in the Company
shall be permitted unless the potential transferee is admitted as a Member under this  Section 12.3 . If a Member Transfers
all or any portion of its direct Interest in the Company, such transferee may become a Member if (i) such transferee agrees in
writing to be bound by this Agreement, (ii) the transferor and/or transferee pays all reasonable legal and other fees and expenses
incurred by the Company in connection with such assignment and substitution and (iii) the transferor and transferee execute such
documents and deliver such certificates to the Company and the remaining Members as may be required by applicable law. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any Transfer or purported Transfer of any Interest, whether to another Member or to a third party, shall be of
no effect, and such transferee shall not become a Member, if: 

(a)           the
Transfer would require registration of any Interest under, or result in a violation of, any federal or state securities laws; or 

(b)           as
a result of such Transfer the Company would be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended, or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Any Member may require
the provision of a certificate as to the legal nature and composition of a proposed transferee of an Interest of a Member and from
any Member as to its legal nature and composition and shall be entitled to rely on any such certificate in satisfying the Members
that such proposed transferee meets the requirements under this  Section 12.3 . 

Upon admission of a transferee
as a Member, the Members shall agree to amend and restate this Agreement to account for such transferee. 

12.4           Withdrawals;
Liquidations . Each of the Members does hereby covenant and agree that it will not (i) withdraw, resign, retire or disassociate
from the Company, except as a result of a Transfer of its entire Interest in the Company permitted under the terms of this Agreement,
(ii) take any action that would cause the Company to dissolve (excluding any dissolution pursuant to  Section 13  hereof),
and (iii) dissolve itself voluntarily, and each of the Members further covenant and agree that it will carry out its duties and
responsibilities hereunder until the Company is terminated, liquidated and dissolved under  Section 13 . No Member shall
be entitled to receive any Distribution or otherwise receive the fair market value of its Interest in compensation for any purported
resignation or withdrawal not in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

12.5           Offering
Member Sale Right . 

(a)           At
any time after the third (3 rd ) anniversary of the date hereof, if any Member desires to cause the sale, exchange, Transfer,
assignment or other disposition of all (but not less than all) of the Property, whether by sale, merger or other transaction to
a Person that is not an Affiliate of a Member (a   Forced Sale Election  ), then such Member (the   Offering
Member  ) shall first give notice (an   Offer Notice  ) to the other Member (  Offeree  )
setting forth the Assumed Gross Property Value that will be used in determining the Membership Interest Price of Offering Member s
Interest. Within thirty (30) days of receipt of an Offer Notice (the   Exercise Period  ), Offeree shall have
the right to elect (which election shall be irrevocable) to purchase Offering Member s Interest in the Company for the applicable
Membership Interest Price (the   ROFO Sale  ), by giving written notice of such election within the Exercise Period
(the   ROFO Election  ) and simultaneously making the Deposit. 

(b)           If
no timely ROFO Election is made by Offeree, or Offeree affirmatively waives such right, Offering Member shall be free to proceed
to initiate and consummate the sale of the Property (a   Sale  ) at a price not less than ninety-eight percent
(98%) of the Assumed Gross Property Value and other terms and conditions as shall be reasonably acceptable to the Members. Offering
Member may, at its sole cost and expense, market the Property, and shall be entitled to the reasonable cooperation of the Company,
the Administrative Member, any applicable Subsidiary and the Offeree in connection with the marketing and sale of the Property,
including, without limitation, delivering financial information with respect to the Property and providing access to the Property,
the books and records of the Company and such Subsidiary with respect thereto, and the employees and consultants to the Company
and the Subsidiary, including engineers, who have knowledge regarding the Property. If Offering Member fails to close such Sale
within one hundred eighty (180) days after the expiration of the Exercise Period, then any attempt to consummate a Sale thereafter
shall be subject to the Forced Sale Election provisions set forth herein (including any ROFO Election). 

(c)           If
Offeree has timely and properly delivered a ROFO Election, Offering Member and Offeree shall consummate the closing of the ROFO
Sale (the   ROFO Closing  ) on an  as is  and  where is  basis within ninety (90) days
after the date of the ROFO Election (the   ROFO Closing Date  ). If Offering Member (or its Affiliates) remains
subject to any guaranty or indemnity with respect to the Company, except as otherwise set forth below, it shall be a condition
to the ROFO Closing that Offeree shall be required to deliver to such party a release of obligations thereunder arising from and
after the ROFO Closing. If Offeree is unable to satisfy such condition on or before the ROFO Closing Date, Offeree shall be entitled
to extend the ROFO Closing Date by thirty (30) days; provided that Offeree diligently proceeds to satisfy such condition. If Offeree
is still unable to satisfy such condition, then the ROFO Closing shall be completed as provided herein on the condition that a
credit worthy Affiliate of Offeree indemnifies Offering Member for all losses, costs and damages incurred with respect to such
guaranty or indemnity related to activities from and after the ROFO Closing Date. If Offeree fails to close on or before the ROFO
Closing Date for any reason (other than the default of Offering Member) (a   ROFO Default  ), then Offeree shall
be in material default under this  Section 12.5  and (i) Offeree shall no longer have any right to the Deposit and the escrow
agent shall release the Deposit to Offering Member who shall have the right to retain the Deposit as liquidated damages, it being
agreed that in such instance the actual damages would be difficult, if not impossible, to ascertain, (ii) the Offeree shall have
no further rights under this  Section 12.5  including the right to give a ROFO Election but may receive and respond to Offer
Notices, and (iii) Offering Member shall have the right to cause the Sale to a third party on any arm s length terms
and conditions determined by Offering Member without any further obligation under this  Section 12.5 . 

(d)           If
Offering Member defaults in its obligation to complete the ROFO Closing by the ROFO Closing Date, then Offeree shall (i) have the
right to terminate the ROFO Sale, in which event the Deposit (together with the interest thereon) shall promptly be returned to
Offeree, or (ii) be entitled to bring an action for specific performance of Offering Member s obligation to complete the
ROFO Closing (Offering Member expressly agreeing that the remedy at law for breach of the obligations of Offering Member set forth
in this  Section 12.5  is inadequate in view of (A) the complexities and uncertainties in measuring the actual damage to be
sustained by Offeree on account of the default of Offering Member; and (B) the uniqueness of the Company s business and relationship
of the Members). 

(e)           On
the ROFO Closing Date, Offeree shall pay to Offering Member, an amount equal to the applicable Membership Interest Price, net of
the Deposit (which shall be delivered to Offering Member) and interest earned thereon, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account or accounts designated by Offering Member. Offering Member shall be responsible for the payment of any transfer
taxes related to the sale of its Interests under this  Section 12.5 . At the ROFO Closing, (i) each Member shall execute and
deliver such deeds, bills of sale, instruments of conveyance, assignments and other instruments as may reasonably be required,
to give good and clear title to the transferred Interest, (ii) Offering Member and the Offeree shall each represent and warrant
to each other that each is duly organized, validly existing, has the necessary power and authority to consummate the subject transactions
and requires no consents which have not been obtained, and (iii) Offering Member shall represent to Offeree that Offering Member
is the owner of its Interest in the Company free and clear of all liens and encumbrances. If any Member shall fail or refuse to
execute any of such instruments, the other Member shall deliver a notice to such non-executing Member (and shall make reasonable
efforts to contact such Member by telephone) clearly disclosing to the recipient that its failure to respond will result in the
other Member being granted power of attorney to execute the instruments on behalf of such non-executing Member. If, upon the expiration
of five (5) Business Days after delivery of such notice, the non-executing Member has failed to deliver the executed instruments
required hereunder, the other Member is hereby granted an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, which shall
be binding on the non-executing Member as to all third parties, to execute and deliver on behalf of the non-executing Member all
such required instruments necessary to Transfer the Interest. 

(f)           If
a Sale is elected, at the closing of such Sale each Member shall execute and deliver such deeds, bills of sale, instruments of
conveyance, assignments and other instruments as may reasonably be required, to give good and clear title to the Property transferred
in such Sale. If any Member shall fail or refuse to execute any of such instruments, the other Member shall deliver a notice to
such non-executing Member (and shall make reasonable efforts to contact such Member by telephone) clearly disclosing to the recipient
that its failure to respond will result in the other Member being granted power of attorney to execute the instruments on behalf
of such non-executing Member. If, upon the expiration of five (5) Business Days after delivery of such notice, the non-executing
Member has failed to deliver the executed instruments required hereunder, the other Member is hereby granted an irrevocable power
of attorney, coupled with an interest, which shall be binding on the non-executing Member as to all third parties, to execute and
deliver on behalf of the non-executing Member all such required instruments necessary to Transfer the Interest. 

(g)           It
shall be the duty of the Offeree to ascertain prior to making a ROFO Election whether any consent or approval is needed from any
Lender (a   Required Consent  ) in order to consummate the ROFO Sale pursuant to the terms hereof without causing
a violation of any agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party. If the Offeree shall fail to obtain the Required
Consent prior to the closing hereunder, then, unless the loan in question shall be refinanced at or prior to the ROFO Closing,
the Offeree shall not be permitted to close the ROFO Sale, the Offeree shall be deemed to be in default hereunder and the other
Member shall be entitled to exercise the remedies set forth herein with respect to a default by such Member. With respect to the
obtaining of each Required Consent, the Administrative Member shall cooperate in good faith and in a timely manner with the reasonable
requests of the Offeree for information or documents reasonably necessary to determine if a Required Consent is needed in order
for the consummation of the ROFO Sale pursuant to the terms hereof without causing a violation of any agreement to which the Company
or any Subsidiary is a party. 

12.6           Buy-Sell
Election . 

(a)           If
(i) at any time a Major Transfer shall occur or a Non-Transferring Member shall receive a notice of Major Transfer pursuant to
 Section 12.2(b)  hereof, the Non-Transferring Member may, or (ii) after the first (1st) anniversary of the date hereof,
the Members are unable to agree on any Major Decision, any Member may thereafter invoke the provisions of this  Section 12.6 
(the   Buy-Sell Election  ), by sending a notice (the   Buy-Sell Notice  ) to the other Member
(the   Non-Triggering Member   and the Member first delivering the Buy-Sell Notice being the   Triggering
Member  ) which such Buy-Sell Notice shall contain (i) a statement that Triggering Member will either buy Non-Triggering
Member s Interest or sell Triggering Member s Interest at the election of Non-Triggering Member and (ii) the Assumed
Gross Property Value that will be used in determining the related Membership Interest Price. Within thirty (30) days of receipt
of the Buy-Sell Notice (the   Buy-Sell Election Period  ), Non- Triggering Member shall elect (which election
shall be irrevocable) to (i) purchase Triggering Member s Interest (notwithstanding whether the Triggering Member s
Buy-Sell Notice indicated its wish to sell its Interest) for the Membership Interest Price applicable thereto (a   Purchasing
Election  ), or (ii) sell Non-Triggering Member s Interest to Triggering Member for the Membership Interest Price
applicable thereto (a   Selling Election  ). If Non-Triggering Member fails to make either a Purchasing Election
or a Selling Election during the Buy-Sell Election Period, Non-Triggering Member shall be deemed to have elected to make a Selling
Election. 

(b)           If
Non-Triggering Member elects (or is deemed to have elected) a Selling Election, Triggering Member shall purchase the Interest of
Non-Triggering Member for the applicable Membership Interest Price. If Non-Triggering Member makes a Purchasing Election, Non-Triggering
Member shall purchase the Interests of Triggering Member for the applicable Membership Interest Price. The Member required to buy
Interests under this  Section 12.6  (the   Buying Member  ) shall, within two (2) Business Days of establishing
the obligation to purchase, make the applicable Deposit, which Deposit will be paid at the closing of the Buy-Sell Election (the
  Buy-Sell Closing  ) to the Member required to sell its Interest under this  Section 12.6  (  Selling
Member  ). The Buy-Sell Closing shall take place on a date (the   Buy-Sell Closing Date  ) on an  as
is  and  where is  basis within ninety (90) days after the last day of the Buy-Sell Election Period. If Selling
Member (or its Affiliates) remains subject to any guaranty or indemnity with respect to the Company, except as otherwise set forth
below, it shall be a condition to the Buy-Sell Closing that Buying Member shall be required to deliver to such party a release
of the obligations thereunder arising from and after the ROFO Closing. If Buying Member is unable to satisfy such condition on
or before the Buy-Sell Closing Date, Buying Member shall be entitled to extend the Buy-Sell Closing Date by thirty (30) days; provided
that Buying Member diligently proceeds to satisfy such condition. If Buying Member is still unable to satisfy such condition, then
the Buy-Sell Closing shall be completed as provided herein on the condition that a credit worthy Affiliate of Buying Member indemnifies
Selling Member for all losses, costs and damages incurred with respect to such guaranty or indemnity related to activities from
and after the Buy-Sell Closing Date. 

(c)           On
the Buy-Sell Closing Date, Buying Member shall pay to Selling Member, an amount equal to the applicable Membership Interest Price,
net of the Deposit (which shall be delivered to Selling Member) and interest earned thereon, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account or accounts designated by Selling Member. Selling Member shall be responsible for the payment of any transfer
taxes related to the sale of its Interests under this  Section 12.6 . At the Buy-Sell Closing, (i) each Member shall execute
and deliver such deeds, bills of sale, instruments of conveyance, assignments and other instruments as may reasonably be required,
to give good and clear title to the transferred Interest, (ii) the Buying Member and the Selling Member shall each represent and
warrant to each other that each is duly organized, validly existing, has the necessary power and authority to consummate the subject
transactions and requires no consents which have not been obtained, and (iii) Selling Member shall represent to the Buying Member
that Selling Member is the owner of its Interest in the Company free and clear of all liens and encumbrances. If any Member shall
fail or refuse to execute any of such instruments, the other Member shall deliver a notice to such non-executing Member (and shall
make reasonable efforts to contact such Member by telephone) clearly disclosing to the recipient that its failure to respond will
result in the other Member being granted power of attorney to execute the instruments on behalf of such non-executing Member. If,
upon the expiration of five (5) Business Days after delivery of such notice, the non-executing Member has failed to deliver the
executed instruments required hereunder, the other Member is hereby granted an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest,
which shall be binding on the non-executing Member as to all third parties, to execute and deliver on behalf of the non-executing
Member all such required instruments necessary to transfer the Interest. 

(d)           If
Buying Member fails to close on or before the Buy-Sell Closing Date for any reason (other than the default of Selling Member) (a
  Buy-Sell Default  ), then Buying Member shall be in material default under this  Section 12.6  and (i)
Buying Member shall no longer have any right to the Deposit and the escrow agent shall release the Deposit to Selling Member who
shall have the right to retain the Deposit as liquidated damages, it being agreed that in such instance the actual damages would
be difficult, if not impossible, to ascertain, and (ii) Selling Member may elect to become Buying Member and purchase the defaulting
Buying Member s (which would then be Selling Member) Interest at ninety-five (95%) percent of the applicable Buy-Sell Price,
such election to be made within fifteen (15) Business Days after the Buy-Sell Default, with such closing to take place within fifteen
(15) Business Days after delivery of such election notice. 

(e)           Prior
to the Buy-Sell Closing Date (provided that no Buy-Sell Default has occurred), the Company may take any action which would otherwise
require the vote of Selling Member without Selling Member s approval, however, Selling Member (A) shall have no obligation
to make any further Capital Contributions, and (B) shall not be liable, responsible or accountable in damages or otherwise
to any of the other Members, the Company or any other party in respect of any contracts or agreements entered into by the Company
or any expenses incurred in connection therewith. If a Buy-Sell Default occurs and Selling Member elects to purchase the defaulting
Buying Member s Interest as described in this  Section 12.6 , then in addition to any other rights and remedies set
forth in this  Section 12.6 , any Capital Contributions made by the original Buying Member after delivery of the Buy-Sell
Notice shall be disregarded for all purposes of this Agreement. 

(f)           It
shall be the duty of the Buying Member to ascertain prior to making a Buy-Sell Election or Selling Election, as applicable, whether
a Required Consent is needed in order to consummate the applicable closing pursuant to Section 12.6 hereof pursuant to the terms
hereof without causing a violation of any agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party. If the Buying Member shall
fail to obtain the Required Consent prior to the closing hereunder, then, unless the loan in question shall be refinanced at or
prior to the Buy-Sell Closing, the Buying Member shall not be permitted to close the applicable closing pursuant to this Section
12.6, the Buying Member shall be deemed to be in default hereunder and the other Member shall be entitled to exercise the remedies
set forth herein with respect to a default by such Member. With respect to the obtaining of each Required Consent, the Administrative
Member shall cooperate in good faith and in a timely manner with the reasonable requests of the Buying Member for information or
documents reasonably necessary to determine if a Required Consent is needed in order for the consummation of the applicable closing
pursuant to this Section 12.6 without causing a violation of any agreement to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party. 

Section
13.           Dissolution . 

13.1           Limitations .
The Company may be dissolved, liquidated and terminated only pursuant to the provisions of this  Section 13 , and, to the
fullest extent permitted by law but subject to the terms of this Agreement, the parties hereto do hereby irrevocably waive any
and all other rights they may have to cause a dissolution of the Company or a sale or partition of any or all of the Company s
assets. 

13.2           Exclusive
Events Requiring Dissolution . The Company shall be dissolved only upon the earliest to occur of the following events (a   Dissolution
Event  ): 

(a)           at
any time at the election of all of the Members in writing; 

(b)           the
sale or other disposition of the Property and receipt of the final payment of any installment obligation received as a result of
any such sale or disposition, unless the Members both agree to continue the Company after such sale or other disposition; 

(c)           any
event which makes it unlawful for the Company s business to be continued; 

(d)           at
any time there are no Members (unless otherwise continued in accordance with the Act); 

(e)           the
entry of a decree of judicial dissolution pursuant to Section 18-802 of the Act. 

13.3           Liquidation .
Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the business of the Company shall be continued to the extent necessary to allow an
orderly winding up of its affairs, including the liquidation of the assets of the Company pursuant to the provisions of this  Section
13.3 , as promptly as practicable thereafter, and each of the following shall be accomplished: 

(a)           Administrative
Member shall cause to be prepared a statement setting forth the assets and liabilities of the Company as of the date of dissolution,
a copy of which statement shall be furnished to all of the Members. 

(b)           The
property and assets of the Company shall be liquidated or distributed in kind under the supervision of Administrative Member as
promptly as possible, but in an orderly, businesslike and commercially reasonable manner. 

(c)           Any
gain or loss realized by the Company upon the sale of its property shall be deemed recognized and allocated to the Members in the
manner set forth in  Section 7.2 . To the extent that an asset is to be distributed in kind, such asset shall be deemed to
have been sold at its fair market value on the date of distribution, the gain or loss deemed realized upon such deemed sale shall
be allocated in accordance with  Section 7.2  and the amount of the distribution shall be considered to be such fair market
value of the asset. 

(d)           The
proceeds of sale and all other assets of the Company shall be applied and distributed as follows and in the following order of
priority: 

(1)          to
the satisfaction of the debts and liabilities of the Company (contingent or otherwise) and the expenses of liquidation or distribution
(whether by payment or reasonable provision for payment), other than liabilities to Members or former Members for distributions; 

(2)          the
balance, if any, to the Members in accordance with  Section 6.1 . 

13.4           Continuation
of the Company . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the death, retirement, resignation, expulsion,
bankruptcy, dissolution or removal of a Member shall not in and of itself cause the dissolution of the Company, and the Members
are expressly authorized to continue the business of the Company in such event, without any further action on the part of the
Members. 

Section
14.           Indemnification . 

14.1           Exculpation
of Members . No Member, representative or officer of the Company shall be liable to the Company or to the other Members for
damages or otherwise with respect to any actions or failures to act taken or not taken relating to the Company, except to the
extent any related loss results from fraud, gross negligence or willful or wanton misconduct on the part of such Member, representative
or officer or the willful breach of any obligation under this Agreement;  provided that  the foregoing shall not relieve
or release a Member from liability for a breach of this Agreement that does not constitute a willful breach to the extent same
is not covered by applicable insurance maintained by the Company. 

14.2           Indemnification
by Company . The Company hereby indemnifies, holds harmless and defends the Members, representatives, the officers and each
of their respective agents, officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders and employees from and against any loss, expense,
damage or injury suffered or sustained by them (including but not limited to any judgment, award, settlement, reasonable attorneys 
fees and other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the defense of any actual or threatened action, proceeding or claim)
(collectively,   Indemnified Losses  ) by reason of or arising out of (i) their activities on behalf of the Company
or in furtherance of the interests of the Company, including, without limitation, the provision of guaranties to Lenders in respect
of financings relating to the Company or any of its assets (but specifically excluding from such indemnity by the Company any
so called  bad boy  guaranties, recourse carve-out guaranties or similar agreements which provide for recourse as
a result of failure to comply with covenants, willful misconduct or gross negligence, to the extent the reason for such loss,
expense, damage or injury relates to such party s failure to comply with covenants, willful misconduct or gross negligence),
(ii) their status as Members, representatives, employees or officers of the Company, or (iii) the Company s assets, property,
business or affairs (including, without limitation, the actions of any officer, director, member or employee of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries), if the acts or omissions were not performed or omitted fraudulently or as a result of gross negligence
or willful or wanton misconduct by the indemnified party or as a result of the willful breach of any obligation under this Agreement
by the indemnified party (or as a result of a breach that is not willful but is not covered by applicable insurance maintained
by the Company). For the purposes of this  Section 14.2 , officers, directors, employees and other representatives of Affiliates
of a Member who are functioning as representatives of such Member in connection with this Agreement shall be considered representatives
of such Member for the purposes of this  Section 14.2 . Reasonable expenses incurred by the indemnified party in connection
with any such proceeding relating to the foregoing matters shall be paid or reimbursed by the Company in advance of the final
disposition of such proceeding upon receipt by the Company of (x) written affirmation by the Person requesting indemnification
of its good faith belief that it has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the Company and (y) a written
undertaking by or on behalf of such Person to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
that such Person has not met such standard of conduct, which undertaking shall be an unlimited general obligation of the indemnified
party but need not be secured. 

14.3           General
Indemnification by the Members . 

(a)           Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein, each Member (the   Indemnifying Party  ) hereby indemnifies and holds harmless
the other Members, the Company and each of their subsidiaries and their agents, officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders
and employees (each, an   Indemnified Party  ) from and against all losses, costs, expenses, damages, claims and
liabilities (including reasonable attorneys  fees) as a result of or arising out of (i) any breach of any obligation of the
Indemnifying Party under this Agreement, or (ii) any breach of any obligation by or any inaccuracy in or breach of any representation
or warranty made by the Indemnifying Party in each case other than to the extent arising out of any fraud, gross negligence or
willful or wanton misconduct on the part of, or by, an Indemnified Party or any representative appointed by such Indemnified Party.
In addition, each Member shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Members from and against any liability, cost or damage
arising from the indemnifying Member s fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct as set forth in a judgment of a court
of competent jurisdiction. 

(b)           Except
as otherwise provided herein or in any other agreement, recourse for the indemnity obligation of the Members under this  Section
14.3  shall be limited to such Indemnifying Party s Interest in the Company unless the loss, cost, expense, damage, claim
or liability is the result of fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnifying Party. 

(c)           The
indemnities, contributions and other obligations under this Agreement shall be in addition to any rights that any Indemnified Party
may have at law, in equity or otherwise. The terms of this  Section 14  shall survive termination of this Agreement. 

Section
15.           Miscellaneous . 

15.1           Notices .
All notices, requests, approvals, authorizations, consents and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be (as elected by the Person giving such notice) hand delivered by messenger or overnight courier
service, mailed (airmail, if international) by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid), return receipt requested, sent
via facsimile or by e-mail to the addresses set forth in this  Section 15.1  (provided such facsimile or e-mail, respectively,
is immediately followed by the delivery of an original copy of same via one of the other foregoing delivery methods) addressed
to: 

If to PME: 

c/o Pacolet Milliken Enterprises 
550 S. Main Street 
Suite 601 
Greenville, SC 29601 

with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Sidley Austin LLP 
787 Seventh Avenue 
New York, NY 10019 

If to TPH: 

c/o Trinity Place Holdings Inc. 
717 5th Ave., Suite 1303 
New York, NY 10022 

with a copy to: 

Kramer Levin Naftalis   Frankel LLP 
1177 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10036-2714 

Each such notice shall be deemed delivered (a) on the
date delivered if by hand delivery or overnight courier service; (b) on the date upon which the return receipt is signed or delivery
is refused or the notice is designated by the postal authorities as not deliverable, as the case may be, if mailed (provided, however,
if such actual delivery occurs after 5:00 p.m. (local time where received), then such notice or demand shall be deemed delivered
on the immediately following business day after the actual day of delivery); or (c) if delivered by e-mail or facsimile, on the
day sent if sent during normal business hours on a Business Day, otherwise the next Business Day. 

(a)           By
giving to the other parties at least fifteen (15) days written notice thereof, the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns shall have the right from time to time and at any time during the term of this Agreement to change their respective
addresses. 

15.2           Governing
Law . This Agreement and the rights of the Members hereunder shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the
laws of the State of Delaware. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the New York State courts
within New York County and the Federal courts sitting in the State of New York and agree that all matters involving this Agreement
shall be heard and determined in such courts. Each of the parties hereto waives irrevocably the defense of inconvenient forum
to the maintenance of such action or proceeding. Each of the parties hereto designates the Secretary of State of the State of
New York, as its agent for service of process in the State of New York, which designation may only be changed on not less than
ten (10) days  prior notice to all of the other parties. 

15.3           Successors .
This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. Except
as otherwise provided herein, any Member who Transfers its Interest as permitted by the terms of this Agreement shall have no
further liability or obligation hereunder, except with respect to claims arising prior to such Transfer. 

15.4           Pronouns;
Construction . Whenever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or the plural shall
include the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in either the masculine, the feminine or the neuter gender shall include
the masculine, feminine and neuter. For all purposes of this Agreement except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context
otherwise requires the words  herein,   hereof  and  hereunder  and other words of similar
import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Section or other subdivision, and the words  including 
and  include  and other words of similar import shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.  

15.5           Table
of Contents and Captions Not Part of Agreement . The table of contents and captions contained in this Agreement are inserted
only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit or extend the scope or intent of this Agreement or any provisions
hereof. 

15.6           Severability .
If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction or in any respect, then
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired,
and the Members shall use their best efforts to amend or substitute such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision with enforceable
and valid provisions which would produce as nearly as possible the rights and obligations previously intended by the Members without
renegotiation of any material terms and conditions stipulated herein. 

15.7           Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute
one and the same instrument. 

15.8           Entire
Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement and the other written agreements described herein between the parties hereto entered
into as of the date hereof, constitute the entire agreement between the Members relating to the subject matter hereof. In the
event of any conflict between this Agreement or such other written agreements, the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall
govern and control. No amendment or waiver by a Member shall be enforceable against such Member unless it is in writing and duly
executed by such Member. 

15.9           Further
Assurances . Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Agreement, each Member agrees to execute and deliver any and
all additional instruments and documents and do any and all acts and things as may be necessary or expedient to effectuate more
fully this Agreement or any provisions hereof or to carry on the business contemplated hereunder. 

15.10           No
Third Party Rights . The provisions of this Agreement are for the exclusive benefit of the Members and the Company, and no
other party (including, without limitation, any creditor of the Company) shall have any right or claim against any Member by reason
of those provisions or be entitled to enforce any of those provisions against any Member. 

15.11           Incorporation
by Reference . Every Exhibit and Annex attached to this Agreement is incorporated in this Agreement by reference. 

15.12           Limitation
on Liability . Except as set forth in  Section 14 , the Members shall not be bound by, or be personally liable for, by
reason of being a Member, a judgment, decree or order of a court or in any other manner, for the expenses, liabilities or obligations
of the Company, and the liability of each Member shall be limited solely to the amount of its Capital Contributions as provided
under  Section 5 . Except as set forth in  Section 14.3(a) , any claim against any Member (the   Member in Question  )
which may arise under this Agreement shall be made only against, and shall be limited to, such Member in Question s Interest,
the proceeds of the sale by the Member in Question of such Interest or the undivided interest in the assets of the Company distributed
to the Member in Question pursuant to  Section 13.3(d)  hereof. Except as set forth in  Section 14.3(a)  or  (b) ,
any right to proceed against (i) any other assets of the Member in Question or (ii) any agent, officer, director, member, partner,
shareholder or employee of the Member in Question or the assets of any such Person, as a result of such a claim against the Member
in Question arising under this Agreement or otherwise, is hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waived. 

15.13           Remedies
Cumulative . The rights and remedies given in this Agreement and by law to a Member shall be deemed cumulative, and the exercise
of one of such remedies shall not operate to bar the exercise of any other rights and remedies reserved to a Member under the
provisions of this Agreement or given to a Member by law. In the event of any dispute between the parties hereto, the prevailing
party shall be entitled to recover from the other party reasonable attorney s fees and costs incurred in connection therewith. 

15.14           No
Waiver . One or more waivers of the breach of any provision of this Agreement by any Member shall not be construed as a waiver
of a subsequent breach of the same or any other provision, nor shall any delay or omission by a Member to seek a remedy for any
breach of this Agreement or to exercise the rights accruing to a Member by reason of such breach be deemed a waiver by a Member
of its remedies and rights with respect to such breach. 

15.15           Limitation
On Use of Names . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or otherwise to the contrary, each Member as to itself
agree that neither it nor any of its Affiliates, agents, or representatives is granted a license to use or shall use the name
of the other under any circumstances whatsoever, except such name may be used in furtherance of the business of the Company but
only as and to the extent unanimously approved by the Members. 

15.16           Publicly
Traded Partnership Provision . Each Member hereby severally covenants and agrees with the other Members for the benefit of
such Members, that (i) it is not currently making a market in Interests in the Company and will not in the future make such a
market and (ii) it will not Transfer its Interest on an established securities market, a secondary market or an over-the-counter
market or the substantial equivalent thereof within the meaning of Code Section 7704 and the Regulations, rulings and other pronouncements
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or the Department of the Treasury thereunder. Each Member further agrees that it will not
assign any Interest in the Company to any assignee unless such assignee agrees to be bound by this section and to assign such
Interest only to such Persons who agree to be similarly bound. 

15.17           Public
Announcements . No Member nor any of its Affiliates shall, without the prior approval of Administrative Member, issue any press
releases or otherwise make any public statements with respect to the Company or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
except as may be required by applicable law or regulation or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national
securities exchange. 

15.18           No
Construction Against Drafter . This Agreement has been negotiated and prepared by Administrative Member and its attorneys and,
should any provision of this Agreement require judicial interpretation, the court interpreting or construing such provision shall
not apply the rule of construction that a document is to be construed more strictly against one party. 

[ Signatures on Next Page ]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this
Agreement is executed by the Members, effective as of the date first set forth above. 

PACOLET MULTI-FAMILY HOLDINGS, 
 LLC,   

a Delaware limited liability company  

By: 
     /s/ Clay Adams  

Name: Clay Adams  

Title:  Authorized Signatory  

TPH 223 N 8TH INVESTOR LLC,   

a Delaware limited liability company  

By: 
     /s/ Steven Kahn  

Name:  Steven Kahn  

Title:  Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v451504_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Matthew Messinger, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trinity Place Holdings Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s third fiscal quarter in the case
of a Quarterly report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ Matthew Messinger 

Matthew Messinger  

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v451504_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION 

I, Steven Kahn, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trinity Place Holdings Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of and for the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b.  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s third fiscal quarter in the case
of a Quarterly report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):   

a.  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 7, 2016 

By: 
     /s/ Steven Kahn 

Steven Kahn  

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v451504_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of Trinity Place Holdings Inc. ( Trinity ) on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Matthew Messinger, President and Chief Executive Officer of Trinity,
certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of Trinity.   

/s/ Matthew Messinger 

Matthew Messinger  

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Trinity Place Holdings Inc. 

November 7, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Trinity and will be
retained by Trinity and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 v451504_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Quarterly Report of Trinity Place Holdings Inc. ( Trinity ) on Form 10-Q as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Kahn, Chief Financial Officer of Trinity, certify, to the best
of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of Trinity.   

/s/ Steven Kahn 

Steven Kahn  

Chief Financial Officer 

Trinity Place Holdings Inc. 

November 7, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement
required by section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by section 906, has been provided to Trinity and will be
retained by Trinity and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification is being furnished
solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 tphs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tphs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 tphs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tphs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tphs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tphs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

