<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1563756_0001144204-16-134131_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3123140</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114362</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>181758</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>818712</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1258995</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>653494</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>55</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134131.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114154932
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563756
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				461140492
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55619
		FILM NUMBER:		161994500

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-367-0129

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134131.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452111_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.
C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

For the transition
period from                      
 to 

Commission file number
000-55619 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE
PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC.  

  (Exact Name of
Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Maryland   
       
       46-1140492    
 
       (State or Other Jurisdiction
        of  
          Incorporation or Organization)   
       
       (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

(732) 367-0129  

  (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.  

 Yes           No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   

 Yes     
     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer        
       
      Accelerated filer        
       
      Non-accelerated filer             Smaller reporting company        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes     
    No     

As of November 7, 2016, there were approximately 10.8 million
outstanding shares of common stock of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc., including shares issued pursuant
to the dividend reinvestment plan.   

LIGHTSTONE VALUE
PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

INDEX  

Page    
 
       PART I   
        FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      3   

Consolidated Balance
    Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015.   
      3   

Consolidated Statements
    of Operations (unaudited) for the Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2016  and 2015   
      4   

Consolidated Statement
    of Stockholders  Equity (unaudited) for the Nine months ended September 30, 2016   
      5   

Consolidated Statements
    of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Notes to Consolidated
    Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      7   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      16   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures About Market Risk   
     27  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
     28  

PART II   
        OTHER INFORMATION    
     29  

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
     29  

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
     29  

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of
    Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     29  

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior
    Securities   
     30  

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     30  

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
     30  

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
     30  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE
PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:    

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE
PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION:  

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE
PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

  (Unaudited)   

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE
PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS   

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

1.   
        Organization     

Lightstone Value Plus
Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc. (  Lightstone REIT III  ), incorporated on October 5, 2012, in
Maryland, elected to qualify to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (  REIT  ) for U.S. federal
income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2015. The Company has and will continue to seek to acquire
hotels and other commercial real estate assets primarily located in the United States. All such properties may be acquired and
operated by the Company alone or jointly with another party. The Company may also originate or acquire mortgage loans secured
by real estate. 

The Lightstone REIT III is structured
as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, and substantially all of its current and future  business
will be conducted through Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the   Operating Partnership  ).

Lightstone
REIT III and the Operating Partnership  and its subsidiaries  are collectively referred to as
the  Company  and the use of  we,   our,   us  or similar pronouns refers to Lightstone
REIT III, its Operating Partnership or the Company as required by the context in such pronoun used.  

Lightstone
REIT III sold 20,000 Common Shares to Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the   Advisor  ),
an entity majority owned by David Lichtenstein, on December 24, 2012, for $10.00 per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is a majority
owner of the equity interests of Lightstone REIT III s sponsor, The Lightstone Group, LLC (the   Sponsor  ).
 Subject to the oversight of the Company s board of directors (the  Board of Directors ), the Advisor
has primary responsibility for making investment decisions and managing the Company s day-to-day operations. Through his
ownership and control of The Lightstone Group, Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner of the Advisor and the indirect owner and
manager of Lightstone SLP III LLC, which has subordinated participation interests in the Operating Partnership. Mr. Lichtenstein
also acts as the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control
Lightstone REIT III or the Operating Partnership. 

Lightstone REIT III invested
the proceeds received from the Advisor in the Operating Partnership, and as a result, held a 99% general partnership interest
as of September 30, 2016 in the Operating Partnership s partner units. 

The Company s registration statement
on Form S-11 (the  Offering ), pursuant to which it is offering to sell up to 30,000,000 shares of its common stock,
 par value $0.01 per share, (which may be referred to herein as   shares of common stock  
or as   Common Shares  )  for an initial offering price of $10.00 per share, subject to certain
volume and other discounts (the  Primary Offering ) (exclusive of 10,000,000 shares available pursuant to its distribution
reinvestment plan (the  DRIP ) which are offered at a discounted price equivalent to 95% of the Primary Offering price
per Common Share) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) under the Securities
Act of 1933 on July 15, 2014. On June 30, 2016, the Company adjusted the offering price to $9.50 per Common Share in its Primary
Offering, which was equal to the Company s estimated net asset value ( NAV ) per Common Share as of March 31,
2016, and effective July 25, 2016, the Company s offering price was adjusted to $10.00 per Common Share in its Primary Offering,
which is equal to the estimated NAV per Common Share as of June 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had received gross
proceeds of $98.2 million from the sale of 10.1 million shares of its common stock (including $2.0 million in Common Shares at
a purchase price of $9.00 per Common Share to an entity 100% owned by David Lichtenstein, who also owns a majority interest in
the Company s Sponsor). The Company initially expected to offer the Common Shares offered in its Primary Offering over a
two-year period, or until July 15, 2016. However, because the Company had not sold all the Common Shares offered in its Primary
Offering within two years, the Company will continue the Primary Offering for an additional year, until July 15, 2017, provided
that the Offering will be terminated if all 30.0 million shares of our common stock are sold before such date. The Company reserves
the right to reallocate the shares of common stock it is offering between the Primary Offering and the DRIP. Additionally, the
Offering may be terminated at any time. 

The Company has no employees.
The Company has retained the Advisor to manage its affairs on a day-to-day basis. Beacon Property Management Limited Liability
Company and Paragon Retail Property Management LLC (the   Property Managers  ), both affiliates of the
Sponsor, may serve as property managers and/or the Company may utilize third-party property managers. Orchard Securities, LLC
(the   Dealer Manager  ), a third-party not affiliated with the Company, the Sponsor or the Advisor, serves
as the dealer manager of the Company s public offering. In addition to the Property Managers, the Advisor is also an affiliate
of the Sponsor. These related parties receive compensation and fees for services related to the investment and management of the
Company s assets. 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Noncontrolling Interests   

Partners of Operating Partnership  

On July 16, 2014, the Advisor contributed
$2,000 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner units in the Operating Partnership. The limited partner
has the right to convert operating partnership units into cash or, at the option of the Company, an equal number of common shares
of the Company, as allowed by the limited partnership agreement. 

Lightstone SLP III LLC (the   Special
Limited Partner  ), a Delaware limited liability company of which Mr. Lichtenstein is the majority owner, is a special
limited partner in the Operating Partnership and has committed to make a significant equity investment in the Company of up to
$36.0 million, which is equivalent to 12.0% of the $300.0 million maximum amount of the Offering. Specifically, the Special Limited
Partner has committed to purchase subordinated participation interests in the Operating Partnership (the  Subordinated Participation
Interests ) quarterly in an amount equal to the product of (i) $10.00 minus our then current estimated NAV per Common Share,
multiplied by (ii) the number of our Common Shares outstanding. The Operating Partnership will issue one Subordinated Participation
Interest for each $50,000 in cash or interests in real property of equivalent value that the Special Limited Partner contributes.
The Special Limited Partner s obligation will continue until the earlier of: (i) the termination of the Offering; (ii) the
Special Limited Partner s purchase of an aggregate of $36.0 million of Subordinated Participation Interests and (iii) the
receipt of gross offering proceeds of $300.0 million. The Special Limited Partner may elect to purchase the Subordinated Participation
Interests for cash or may contribute interests in real property of equivalent value. 

Through September 30, 2016, the Special
Limited Partner has purchased an aggregate of approximately 242 Subordinated Participation Interests in consideration of $12.1
million, including approximately 228 Subordinated Participation Interests in consideration of $11.4 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016.  The Special Limited Partner may elect to purchase the Subordinated Participation Interests for
cash or may contribute interests in real property of equivalent value. The Subordinated Participation Interests may be entitled
to receive liquidation distributions upon the liquidation of Lightstone REIT III. 

2.   
        Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements and related notes should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Company and related notes as contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015. The unaudited interim financial statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) and
accruals necessary in the judgment of management for a fair statement of the results for the periods presented. The accompanying
unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc. and its Subsidiaries
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial
information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial
statements. 

The consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during a reporting
period. The most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of real estate, depreciable lives, and revenue
recognition. Application of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual
results could differ from these estimates. 

The unaudited consolidated statements
of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year or any other period. 

To qualify or maintain our qualification
as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRS ). As such, we are
subject to U.S. federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of
Presentation  

The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Lightstone REIT III and the Operating Partnership  and its subsidiaries (over
which the Company exercises financial and operating control). As of September 30, 2016, Lightstone REIT III had a 99% general
partnership interest in the common units of the Operating Partnership.  All inter-company accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In determining whether the Company has a controlling financial interest
in a joint venture and the requirement to consolidate the accounts of that entity, management considers factors such as ownership
interest, authority to make decisions and contractual and substantive participating rights of the other partners or members as
well as whether the entity is a variable interest entity for which the Company is the primary beneficiary.  

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Reclassifications   

Certain prior period amounts may have
been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

In September 2015, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting standards update to simplify the accounting for adjustments made to
provisional amounts during the measurement period of a business combination. The amendment requires the acquirer to recognize
adjustments to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amount
is determined. The acquirer is required to also record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings
as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date.
The amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The amendments should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective with
earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued.  The adoption of
this standard did not have a material  impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting
standards update that completes the joint effort by the FASB and International Accounting Standards Board to improve financial
reporting by creating common revenue recognition guidance for GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The update
applies to all companies that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services and is effective for us for interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is not permitted and companies have the choice
to apply the update either retrospectively to each reporting period presented or by recognizing the cumulative effect of applying
the update at the date of initial application (January 1, 2017) and not adjusting comparative information. In August 2015, the
FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year. The Company is currently evaluating the requirements
and impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting
standards update to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. This update requires that debt issuance costs related to
a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability,
consistent with debt discounts. The SEC staff noted that this update did not address situations where a company has debt issuance
costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. As a result, the FASB issued an additional update which states that the SEC staff
would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred
debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings
on the line-of-credit arrangement. The Company adopted this standard during the quarter ended March 31, 2016. As a result of adopting
this standard on a retrospective basis, $51,667 was reclassified out of prepaid expenses and other assets and was reclassified
into revolving promissory notes payable, net - related party on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. 

3.    
        Acquisitions      

Hampton Inn   Lansing   

On March 10, 2016, the Company completed
the acquisition of an 86-room select service hotel located in Lansing, Michigan (the  Hampton Inn   Lansing )
from an unrelated third party, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $10.5 million less adjustments, paid in cash,
excluding closing and other related transaction costs. In connection with the acquisition, the Company s Advisor received
an acquisition fee equal to 1.0% of the contractual purchase price, $105,000. The acquisition was funded with offering proceeds. 

The acquisition of the Hampton Inn  
Lansing was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting with the Company treated as the acquiring entity. Accordingly,
the consideration paid by the Company to complete the acquisition of the Hampton Inn   Lansing has been allocated to the
assets acquired based upon their fair values as of the date of the acquisition. Approximately $0.4 million was allocated to land
and improvements, $9.0 million was allocated to building and improvements, and $1.1 million was allocated to furniture and fixtures
and other assets. 

The capitalization rate for the acquisition
of the Hampton Inn   Lansing was approximately 12.0%. We calculate the capitalization rate for a real property by dividing
net operating income of the property by the purchase price of the property, excluding costs. For purposes of this calculation,
net operating income was based upon the twelve-month period ended November 30, 2015. Additionally, net operating income is all
gross revenues from the property less all operating expenses, including property taxes and management fees but excluding depreciation. 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Courtyard   Warwick   

On March 23, 2016, the Company completed
the acquisition of a 92-room select service hotel located in Warwick, Rhode Island (the  Courtyard   Warwick )
from an unrelated third party, for an aggregate purchase price of $12.4 million, less adjustments, paid in cash, excluding closing
and other related transaction costs. In connection with the acquisition, the Company s Advisor received an acquisition fee
equal to 1.0% of the contractual purchase price, $124,000. The acquisition was funded with offering proceeds. 

The acquisition of the Courtyard  
Warwick was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting with the Company treated as the acquiring entity. Accordingly,
the consideration paid by the Company to complete the acquisition of the Courtyard   Warwick has been allocated to the assets
acquired based upon their fair values as of the date of the acquisition. Approximately $0.7 million was allocated to land and
improvements, $11.1 million was allocated to building and improvements, and $0.6 million was allocated to furniture and fixtures
and other assets. 

The capitalization rate for the acquisition
of the Courtyard   Warwick was approximately 8.3%. We calculate the capitalization rate for a real property by dividing
net operating income of the property by the purchase price of the property, excluding costs. For purposes of this calculation,
net operating income was based upon the twelve-month period ended January 31, 2016. Additionally, net operating income is all
gross revenues from the property less all operating expenses, including property taxes and management fees but excluding depreciation. 

SpringHill Suites   Green
Bay   

On May 2, 2016, the Company completed
the acquisition of a 127-room select service hotel located in Green Bay, Wisconsin (the  SpringHill Suites   Green
Bay ) from an unrelated third party, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $18.3 million, excluding closing and
other related transaction costs. In connection with the acquisition, the Company s Advisor received an acquisition fee equal
to 1.0% of the contractual purchase price, approximately $183,000. The acquisition was funded with approximately $8.1 million
of offering proceeds and approximately $10.2 million of proceeds from a $14.5 million revolving promissory note (the  Green
Bay Promissory Note ) from the operating partnership of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. ( Lightstone
II ), a REIT also sponsored by the Company s Sponsor (see Note 6   Related Party Transactions for additional
information). 

The acquisition of the SpringHill Suites
  Green Bay was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting with the Company treated as the acquiring entity.
Accordingly, the consideration paid by the Company to complete the acquisition of the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay has
been allocated to the assets acquired based upon their fair values as of the date of the acquisition. Approximately $0.8 million
was allocated to land and improvements, $15.2 million was allocated to building and improvements, and $2.3 million was allocated
to furniture and fixtures and other assets. 

The capitalization rate for the acquisition
of the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay was approximately 9.8%. We calculate the capitalization rate for a real property by
dividing net operating income of the property by the purchase price of the property, excluding costs. For purposes of this calculation,
net operating income was based upon the twelve-month period ended November 30, 2015. Additionally, net operating income is all
gross revenues from the property less all operating expenses, including property taxes and management fees but excluding depreciation. 

Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio   

On August 2, 2016, the Company completed
the acquisition of a  139-room select service hotel located in Tukwila, Washington (the  Home2
Suites   Tukwila ) and a 125-room select service hotel located in Salt Lake City, Utah (the  Home2 Suites  
Salt Lake  and collectively the  Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio )  from an unrelated third party, for an
aggregate purchase price of approximately $47.3 million, excluding closing and other related transaction costs. In connection
with the acquisition, the Company s Advisor received an acquisition fee equal to 1.0% of the contractual purchase price,
approximately $473,000. The acquisition was funded with offering proceeds. 

The acquisition of the  Home2
Suites Hotel Portfolio  was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting with the Company treated as the acquiring
entity. Accordingly, the consideration paid by the Company to complete the acquisition of the  Home2
Suites Hotel Portfolio  has been allocated to the assets acquired based upon their fair values as of the date of the acquisition.
Approximately $16.2 million was allocated to land and improvements, $26.4 million was allocated to building and improvements,
and $4.7 million was allocated to furniture and fixtures and other assets. 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The capitalization rate for the acquisition
of the  Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio  was approximately 8.4%. We calculate the capitalization
rate for a real property by dividing net operating income of the property by the purchase price of the property, excluding costs.
For purposes of this calculation, net operating income was determined using the projected or budgeted net operating income of
the property based upon then-current projections. Additionally, net operating income is all gross revenues from the property less
all operating expenses, including property taxes and management fees but excluding depreciation. 

Fairfield Inn  Austin   

On September 13,
2016, the Company completed the acquisition of a 84-room select service hotel located in Austin, Texas (the  Fairfield Inn 
Austin ) from an unrelated third party, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $12.0 million, excluding closing
and other related transaction costs. In connection with the acquisition, the Company s Advisor received an acquisition fee
equal to 1.0% of the contractual purchase price, approximately $120,000. The acquisition was funded with offering proceeds. 

The acquisition of the Fairfield Inn 
Austin was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting with the Company treated as the acquiring entity. Accordingly,
the consideration paid by the Company to complete the acquisition of the Fairfield Inn  Austin has been allocated to the
assets acquired based upon their fair values as of the date of the acquisition. Approximately $1.5 million was allocated to land
and improvements, $9.0 million was allocated to building and improvements, and $1.5 million was allocated to furniture and fixtures
and other assets. 

The capitalization rate for the acquisition
of the Fairfield Inn  Austin was approximately 8.7%. We calculate the capitalization rate for a real property by dividing
net operating income of the property by the purchase price of the property, excluding costs. For purposes of this calculation,
net operating income was based upon the twelve-month period ended April 30, 2016. Additionally, net operating income is all gross
revenues from the property less all operating expenses, including property taxes and management fees but excluding depreciation. 

Financial Information  

The following table provides the total
amount of rental revenue and net income/(loss) included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations from the
Hampton Inn   Lansing, the Courtyard   Warwick, the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay, the Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio,
the Fairfield Inn  Austin, the Hampton Inn   Des Moines (acquired February 4, 2015) and the Courtyard   Durham
(acquired May 15, 2015) since their respective dates of acquisition for the period indicated: 

The following table provides unaudited
pro forma results of operations for the period indicated, as if the Hampton Inn   Lansing, the Courtyard   Warwick,
the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay, the Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio, the Fairfield Inn  Austin the Hampton Inn  
Des Moines and the Courtyard   Durham had been acquired at the beginning of each period. Such pro forma results are not
necessarily indicative of the results that actually would have occurred had these acquisitions been completed on the date indicated,
nor are they indicative of the future operating results of the combined company. 

(1)  Includes acquisition related expenses of $661,283 and $1,860,549
                                         for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 in connection with the acquisition
                                         of the Hampton Inn   Lansing, the Courtyard   Warwick, the SpringHill Suites
                                           Green Bay, Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio and the Fairfield Inn  Austin and
                                         acquisition related expenses of $44,918 and $554,489 for the three and nine months ended
                                         September 30, 2015, in connection with the acquisition of the Hampton Inn - Des Moines
                                         and the Courtyard - Durham.   

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

4.    
        Mortgage payable, net     

Mortgages payable, net consisted of the
following: 

Principal Maturities  

The following table, based on the initial
terms of the mortgage, sets forth their aggregate estimated contractual principal maturities, including balloon payments due at
maturity, as of September 30, 2016: 

On July 13, 2016, the Company, through
certain subsidiaries, entered into a $60.0 million revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ), with
a bank. The Revolving Credit Facility bears interest at Libor plus 4.95% and provides a line of credit over the next three years,
with two, one-year options to extend solely at the discretion of the bank. Interest is payable monthly and the entire unpaid principal
balance is due upon expiration of the Revolving Credit Facility. Under the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company
may designate properties as collateral that allows it to borrow up to a 65.0% loan-to-value ratio of the properties. On July 13,
2016, the Company received initial advances aggregating $45.4 million under the Revolving Credit Facility which is secured by
five hotel properties consisting of a SpringHill Suites hotel located in Green Bay, Wisconsin, two Hampton Inn hotels located
in Des Moines, Iowa and Lansing, Michigan, respectively, and two Courtyard by Marriott hotels located in Durham, North Carolina
and Warwick, Rhode Island, respectively, and as a result, $14.6 million remains available under the Revolving Credit Facility. 

Approximately
$14.4 million of the financing proceeds were used to repay the outstanding interest and principal balance on two  existing
revolving promissory notes  (see Note 7). 

Debt Compliance  

The Revolving Credit Facility requires
the maintenance of certain ratios, including debt service coverage and fixed leverage charge ratio. The Company is currently in
compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

5.    
        Selling Commissions, Dealer Manager Fees
    and Other Offering Costs     

Selling commissions and dealer manager
fees are paid to the Dealer Manager, pursuant to various agreements, and other third-party offering costs such as registration
fees, due diligence fees, marketing costs, and professional fees are accounted for as a reduction against additional paid-in capital
( APIC ) as costs are incurred. Organizational costs are expensed as general and administrative costs. The following
table represents the selling commissions and dealer manager fees and other offering costs for the periods indicated: 

Since the Company s inception through
September 30, 2016, it has incurred approximately $9.0 million in selling commissions and dealer manager fees and $4.5 million
of other offering costs in connection with the public offering of its shares of common stock. 

6.    
        Earnings per Share     

The Company had no potentially dilutive
securities outstanding during the periods presented. Accordingly, basic and diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing
earnings attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the applicable
period. 

7.    
        Related Party Transactions     

Revolving promissory notes payable, net   related
party  

Des Moines Promissory Note  

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the Company incurred interest of $98,750 and $289,658, respectively, and during the nine months ended September
30, 2015 paid origination fees of $100,000 on a $10.0 million revolving promissory note (the  Des Moines Promissory Note )
with the operating partnership of Lightstone II, which had no outstanding balance as of December 31, 2015 and expired on February
4, 2016. 

Durham Promissory Note  

On May 15, 2015, the Company entered into
a $13.0 million revolving promissory note (the  Durham Promissory Note ) with the operating partnership of Lightstone
II. The Durham Promissory Note had a term of one year, bore interest at a floating rate of three-month Libor plus 6.0% and required
quarterly interest payments through its stated maturity with the entire unpaid balance due upon maturity. The Company paid an
origination fee of $130,000 to Lightstone II in connection with the Durham Promissory Note and pledged its ownership interest
in the Courtyard   Durham as collateral. 

On May 2, 2016, the Durham Promissory
Note was repaid in full and has now expired. The outstanding principal balance was $2.1 million as of December 31, 2015. The Durham
Promissory Note is included in revolving promissory note payable, net   related party on our consolidated balance sheet
(net of debt issuance costs of $51,667 as of December 31, 2015). 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred interest expense of $151,751, including origination fees expensed of $43,433 and
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred interest expense of $173,748 and $271,940, respectively,
on the Durham Promissory Note, including origination fees expensed of $54,167. 

Lansing Promissory Note  

On May 2, 2016, the Company
entered into an $8.0 million Revolving Promissory Note (the  Lansing Promissory Note ) with the operating partnership
of Lightstone II, of which $6.0 million was initially funded. The Lansing Promissory Note had a term of one year (with an option
for an additional year), bore interest at a floating rate of three-month Libor plus 6.0% and required quarterly interest payments
through its stated maturity with the entire unpaid balance due upon maturity. The Company paid an origination fee of $80,000 to
Lightstone II in connection with the Lansing Promissory Note and pledged its ownership interest in the Hampton Inn   Lansing
as collateral for the Lansing Promissory Note. On July 13, 2016, the Lansing Promissory Note was repaid in full and terminated
(see Note 4 ). 

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company incurred interest expense of $81,483 and $161,428, respectively, on the Lansing Promissory Note,
including origination fees expensed of $80,000. 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Green Bay Promissory Note  

On May 2, 2016, the Company entered into
a Green Bay Promissory Note with the operating partnership Lightstone II, of which $10.2 million was initially funded. The Green
Bay Promissory Note had a term of one year (with an option for an additional year), bore interest at a floating rate of three-month
Libor plus 6.0% and required quarterly interest payments through its stated maturity with the entire unpaid balance due upon maturity.
The Company paid an origination fee of $145,000 to Lightstone II in connection with the Green Bay Promissory Note and pledged
its ownership interest in the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay as collateral for the Green Bay Promissory Note. On July 13,
2016, the Green Bay Promissory Note was repaid in full and terminated (see Note 4). 

During the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred interest expense of $147,228 and $248,635, respectively, on the
Green Bay Promissory Note, including origination fees expensed of $145,000. 

Due to related parties and other transactions  

In addition to certain agreements with
the Sponsor (see Note 1) and Dealer Manager (see Note 5), the Company has agreements with the Advisor to pay certain fees in exchange
for services performed by the Advisor and/or its affiliated entities. Additionally, the Company s ability to secure financing
and its real estate operations are dependent upon its Advisor and its affiliates to perform such services as provided in these
agreements. Furthermore, the Advisor has and is expected to continue to advance certain organization and offering costs on behalf
of the Company to the extent the Company does not have sufficient funds to pay such costs. As of December 31, 2015, the Company
owed the Advisor and its affiliated entities an aggregate of approximately $1.2 million, which was principally for organization
and offering costs paid on its behalf, and is classified as due to related parties on the consolidated balance sheet. During the
nine months ended  September  30, 2016, the Company (i) was charged $88,010 for certain services
and costs paid on its behalf, including $36,298 of offering-related costs that were recorded as a reduction of APIC, and (ii)
made payments totaling approximately $1.3 million and as a result, as of September 30, 2016, no amounts were due to the Advisor.
During the nine months ended  September  30, 2015, the Company was charged $83,728 for offering-related
costs that were recorded as a reduction of APIC. 

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company paid the Advisor acquisition fees of approximately $593,000 and approximately $1.0 million, respectively.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company paid the Advisor acquisition fees of $0 and $269,000, respectively. 

From time to time, the Company may purchase
title insurance from an agency in which its Sponsor owns a 50% limited partnership interest (the  Affiliated Title Insurance
Agency ). Because the Affiliated Title Insurance Agency receives fees for providing title insurance, our Advisor may face
a conflict of interest when considering the terms of purchasing title insurance from the Affiliated Title Insurance Agency. However,
before the Company purchases any title insurance, an independent title consultant with more than 25 years of experience in the
title insurance industry reviews the transaction, and performs market research and competitive analysis on our behalf. During
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company paid $104,648 and $143,768 , respectively, and during both the
three and nine months ended  September  30, 2015 the Company paid $0 and $20,870, respectively,
to the Affiliated Title Insurance Agency. 

8.    
        Financial Instruments     

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash, deposits, accounts receivable (included in prepaid expenses and other assets), accounts payable and accrued
expenses and due to/from related parties approximated their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

As of September 30, 2016, the estimated
fair value of the mortgage payable approximated its carrying value ($45.4 million) because of its floating interest rate. 

9.    
        Commitments and Contingencies     

Legal Proceedings   

From time to time in the ordinary course
of business, the Company may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. As of the date hereof, we are not a party
to any material pending legal proceedings. 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Distribution Payments  

On August 14, 2016, September 15, 2016
and October 14, 2016, the Company paid distributions for the months ended July 31, 2016, August 31, 2016 and September 30, 2016,
respectively, of $1,356,109. The distributions were paid in full using a combination of cash and 68,153 shares of the Company s
common stock issued pursuant to the Company s DRIP, at a discounted price of $9.50 per share. The distributions were paid
from a combination of cash flows provided by operations ($708,655 or 52%) and excess cash proceeds from the issuance of common
stock through the Company s DRIP ($647,455 or 48%). 

Distribution Declaration  

On November 14, 2016, the Board of Directors
authorized and the Company declared a distribution for each month during the three-month period ending March 31, 2017. The distributions
will be calculated based on shareholders of record each day during the month at a rate of $0.00164383 per day, and will equal
a daily amount that, if paid each day for a 365-day period, would equal a 6.0% annualized rate based on a share price of $10.00
payable on or about the 15th day following each month end to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of
the prior month. The Company s stockholders have an option to elect the receipt of Common Shares under the Company s
DRIP. 

Home2
Suites    Promissory Note  

On October
5, 2016, the Company, entered into a promissory note (the   Home2 Suites  Promissory
Note ) for approximately $28.4 million. The  Home2 Suites  Promissory Note has
a term of five years, bears interest at 4.73% and requires monthly interest payments through its stated maturity with the entire
unpaid balance due upon maturity. The  Home2 Suites  Promissory Note is cross-collateralized
by the  Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio . 

Acquisition of Staybridge Suites Located
in Austin, Texas (the  Staybridge   Austin )  

On  October
7, 2016 , the Company completed the acquisition of an 80-room select service hotel located  Austin,
Texas, (the  Staybridge   Austin )  from an unrelated third party, for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $10.0 million, excluding closing and other related transaction costs. In connection with the acquisition,
the Company s Advisor received an acquisition fee equal to 1.0% of the contractual purchase price, $100,000. The acquisition
was funded with approximately $10.0 million of  of proceeds from the  Home2 Suites  Promissory
Note .  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

The following discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment
Trust III, Inc. and Subsidiaries and the notes thereto. As used herein, the terms  we,   our  and  us 
refer to Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and, as required by context, Lightstone
Value Plus REIT III, L.P., which we collectively refer to as the  Operating Partnership . 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain information included in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q contains, and other materials filed or to be filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
 SEC ), contain or will contain, forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical facts,
including, among others, statements regarding our possible or assumed future results of our business, financial condition, liquidity,
results of operations, plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. Those statements include statements regarding the
intent, belief or current expectations of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc. and members of our management
team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based, and generally are identified by the use of words such as
 may,   will,   seeks,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates, 
 expects,   plans,   intends,   should  or similar expressions. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that actual results may differ materially
from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. 

Such statements are based on assumptions
and expectations which may not be realized and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted
with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated. Future events and actual results, financial and otherwise, may
differ from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Risks and other factors that might cause
differences, some of which could be material, include, but are not limited to, economic and market conditions, competition, tenant
or joint venture partner(s) bankruptcies, our lack of operating history, the availability of cash flows from operations to pay
distributions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws and regulations, failure to increase tenant occupancy
and operating income, rejection of leases by tenants in bankruptcy, financing and development risks, construction and lease-up
delays, cost overruns, the level and volatility of interest rates, the rate of revenue increases versus expense increases, the
financial stability of various tenants and industries, the failure of the Company to make additional investments in real estate
properties, the failure to upgrade our tenant mix, restrictions in current financing arrangements, the failure to fully recover
tenant obligations for common area maintenance, insurance, taxes and other property expenses, the failure of the Company to continue
to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ), the failure to refinance debt at favorable terms and conditions,
an increase in impairment charges, loss of key personnel, failure to achieve earnings/funds from operations targets or estimates,
conflicts of interest with the Advisor and the Sponsor and their affiliates, failure of joint venture relationships, significant
costs related to environmental issues as well as other risks listed from time to time in this Form 10-Q, our form 10-K, our Registration
Statements on Form S-11, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time, and in the Company s other reports
filed with the SEC. 

We believe these forward-looking statements
are reasonable; however, undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements, which are based on current expectations.
All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are qualified in their entirety
by these cautionary statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake
no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events
or changes to future operating results over time unless required by law. 

Overview  

Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment
Trust III, Inc. (the  Lightstone REIT III ) and Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, LP (the  Operating Partnership )
and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the   Company   and the use of   we,  
  our,     us   or similar pronouns refers to the Lightstone REIT III, its Operating
Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. Lightstone REIT III elected to qualify and
be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable
year ended December 31, 2015. 

Principally through our Operating Partnership,
we have and will continue to seek to acquire hotels and other commercial real estate assets primarily located in the United States.
Our acquisitions may include both portfolios and individual properties and may be acquired and operated by us alone or jointly
with another party. We may also originate or acquire mortgage loans secured by real estate. 

Our registration statement on Form S-11(the
 Offering ), pursuant to which we are offering to sell up to 30,000,000 shares of our common stock 
(which may be referred to herein as   shares of common stock   or as   Common Shares  )
 for an initial offering price of $10.00 per share, subject to certain volume and other discounts (the  Primary Offering )
(exclusive of 10,000,000 shares available pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan (the  DRIP ) which are offered
at a discounted price equivalent to 95% of the Primary Offering price per Common Share) was declared effective by SEC under the
Securities Act of 1933 on July 15, 2014. On June 30, 2016, we adjusted our offering price to $9.50 per Common Share in our primary
offering, which was equal to our estimated net asset value ( NAV ) per Common Share as of March 31, 2016, and effective
July 25, 2016, our offering price was adjusted to $10.00 per Common Share in our primary offering, which is equal to the estimated
NAV per Common Share as of June 30, 2016. As of  September  30, 2016, we had received aggregate
gross proceeds of approximately $98.2 million from the sale of 10.1 million shares of our common stock (including $2.0 million
in Common Shares at a purchase price of $9.00 per Common Share to an entity 100% owned by David Lichtenstein, who also owns a
majority interest in the Company s Sponsor). We initially expected to offer the Common Shares offered in our Primary Offering
over a two-year period, or until July 15, 2016. However, because we had not sold all the Common Shares offered in our Primary
Offering within two years, we will continue the Primary Offering for an additional year, until July 15, 2017, provided that the
Offering will be terminated if all 30.0 million shares of our common stock are sold before such date. We reserve the right to
reallocate the shares of common stock we are offering between the Primary Offering and the DRIP. Additionally, the Offering may
be terminated at any time. 

Capital required for the purchases of
real estate and/or real estate-related investments is expected to be obtained from the public offering of shares of our common
stock, and from any indebtedness that we may incur either in connection with the acquisition of any real estate and real estate
related investments or thereafter. We are dependent upon the net proceeds from public offerings of our common stock to conduct
our proposed activities. 

We sold 20,000 Common Shares to Lightstone
Value Plus REIT III LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the   Advisor  ), an entity majority owned
by David Lichtenstein, on December 24, 2012, for $10.00 per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is a majority owner of the equity interests
of our sponsor, The Lightstone Group, LLC (the   Sponsor  ). 

Lightstone SLP III LLC (the   Special
Limited Partner  ), a Delaware limited liability company of which Mr. Lichtenstein is the majority owner, is a special
limited partner in the Operating Partnership and has committed to make a significant equity investment in the Company of up to
$36.0 million, which is equivalent to 12.0% of the $300.0 million maximum amount of the Offering. Specifically, the Special Limited
Partner has committed to purchase subordinated participation interests in the Operating Partnership (the  Subordinated Participation
Interests ) quarterly in an amount equal to the product of (i) $10.00 minus our then current NAV per Common Share, multiplied
by (ii) the number of our Common Shares outstanding. The Operating Partnership will issue one Subordinated Participation Interest
for each $50,000 in cash or interests in real property of equivalent value that the Special Limited Partner contributes. The Special
Limited Partner s obligation will continue until the earlier of: (i) the termination of our Offering; (ii) the Special Limited
Partner s purchase of an aggregate of $36.0 million of Subordinated Participation Interests and (iii) our receipt of gross
offering proceeds of $300.0 million. Through September 30, 2016, the Special Limited Partner purchased an aggregate of approximately
242 Subordinated Participation Interests in consideration of $12.1 million, including approximately 228 Subordinated Participation
Interests in consideration of $11.4 million during the nine months ended  September  30, 2016.
The Special Limited Partner may elect to purchase the Subordinated Participation Interests for cash or may contribute interests
in real property of equivalent value. The Subordinated Participation Interests may be entitled to receive liquidation distributions
upon the liquidation of Lightstone REIT III. 

We have  no
employees. We have retained the Advisor to manage our affairs on a day-to-day basis. Beacon Property Management Limited Liability
Company and Paragon Retail Property Management LLC (the   Property Managers  ), both affiliates of the
Sponsor, may serve as property managers and/or we may utilize third-party property managers. Orchard Securities, LLC (the   Dealer
Manager  ), a third-party not affiliated with us, our Sponsor or our Advisor, serves as the dealer manager of our
public offering. In addition to Property Managers, the Advisor is also an affiliate of our Sponsor. These related parties will
receive compensation and fees for services related to the investment and management of our assets. These entities will receive
fees during our offering, acquisition, operational and liquidation stages.   

To qualify or maintain our qualification
as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRS ). As such, we are
subject to U.S. federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 

Current Environment  

Our operating results as well as our investment
opportunities are impacted by the health of the North American economies.  Our business and financial performance may be
adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, such as availability of credit, financial markets volatility, and
recession. 

Our business may be affected by market
and economic challenges experienced by the U.S. and global economies. These conditions may materially affect the value and performance
of our properties, and may affect our ability to pay distributions, the availability or the terms of financing that we have or
may anticipate utilizing, and our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance, any outstanding debt when
due. 

We are not aware of any other material
trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally, that
may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived from
the acquisition and operation of real estate and real estate related investments, other than those referred to in this Form 10-Q. 

Portfolio Summary     

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

There were no material changes during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 to our critical accounting policies as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Results of Operations  

During 2015, we acquired our first investment
property, the Hampton Inn   Des Moines on February 4, 2015 and subsequently acquired the Courtyard   Durham on May
15, 2015. During 2016, we acquired the Hampton Inn   Lansing on March 10, 2016, the Courtyard   Warwick on March 23,
2016, the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay on May 2, 2016, the  Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio 
on August 2, 2016 and the Fairfield Inn   Austin on September 16, 2016. As a result, we have eight investment properties
as of September 30, 2016. The operating results of these investment properties are reflected in our consolidated statements of
operations commencing from their respective dates of acquisition. 

Our primary financial measure for evaluating
the operating performance of our properties is net operating income ( NOI ). NOI represents revenues less property
operating expenses, real estate taxes and general and administrative expenses. We believe that NOI is helpful to investors as
a supplemental measure of the operating performance of a real estate company because it is a direct measure of the actual operating
results of our properties. 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 vs. September 30, 2015   

Consolidated   

The rental revenue,
property operating expenses, real estate taxes and depreciation and amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2016
is attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines, the Courtyard   Durham, the Hampton Inn   Lansing, the Courtyard
  Warwick, the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay, the  Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio 
from August 2, 2016 and the Fairfield Inn   Austin from September 13, 2016.  

The rental revenue,
property operating expenses, real estate taxes and depreciation and amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2015
is attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines and the Courtyard   Durham.  

Rental revenue   

Rental revenue increased by $5.4 million
to $7.6 million during the three months ended  September  30, 2016 compared to 2.2 million for
the same period in 2015. Approximately $5.4 million of the increase was attributable to the hotels acquired subsequent to the
2015 period. 

Property operating expenses   

Property operating expenses increased
by $2.8 million to $4.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.3 million for the same period
in 2015. Approximately $2.8 million of the increase was attributable to the hotels acquired subsequent to the 2015 period. 

Real estate taxes   

Real estate taxes increased by $187,533
to $261,822 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $74,289 for the same period in 2015. Approximately $161,000
of the increase was attributable to the hotels acquired subsequent to the 2015 period. Approximately $20,000 of the increase was
attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines. 

General and administrative expense   

General and administrative expense increased
by $716,834 to $841,658 during the three months ended  September  30, 2016 compared to $124,824
for the same period in 2015. The increase reflects (i) higher acquisition fees and acquisition-related costs of approximately
$615,000 in the 2016 period and (ii) an increase in accounting, legal and corporate filing fees. 

Depreciation and amortization   

Depreciation and amortization expense
increased by $711,968 to $959,128 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $247,160 for the same period in
2015. Approximately $668,000 of the increase was attributable to the hotels acquired subsequent to the 2015 period. Approximately
$44,000 of the increase was attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines and the Courtyard   Durham. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense was $847,809 during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and compared to $330,198 for the same period in 2015. Interest expense is attributable to
financings associated with our hotels which included origination fees of $187,500. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended
 September  30, 2016 vs.  September  30, 2015   

Consolidated   

The rental revenue,
property operating expenses, real estate taxes and depreciation and amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
is attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines and the Courtyard   Durham and the Hampton Inn   Lansing, the
Courtyard   Warwick, the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay, the  Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio
 and the Fairfield Inn   Austin from their respective dates of acquisition.  

The rental revenue,
property operating expenses, real estate taxes and depreciation and amortization for the nine months ended September 30, 2015
is attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines and the Courtyard   Durham from their respective dates of acquisition.

Rental revenue   

Rental revenue increased by $10.2 million
to $14.5 million during the nine months ended  September  30, 2016 compared to $4.3 million
for the same period in 2015. Approximately $8.3 million of the increase was attributable to the hotels acquired subsequent to
the 2015 period and $1.9 million of the increase was attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines and the Courtyard  
Durham which did not have a full nine months of operations in the 2015 period. 

Property operating expenses   

Property operating expenses increased
by $5.7 million to $8.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.5 million for the same period in
2015. Approximately $4.4 million of the increase was attributable to the hotels acquired subsequent to the 2015 period and $1.3
million of the increase was attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines and the Courtyard   Durham which did not
have a full nine months of operations in the 2015 period. 

Real estate taxes   

Real estate taxes increased by $0.4 million
to $0.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.2 million for the same period in 2015. Approximately
$0.3 million of the increase was attributable to the hotels acquired subsequent to the 2015 period and $0.1 million of the increase
was attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines and the Courtyard   Durham which did not have a full nine months
of operations in the 2015 period. 

General and administrative expense   

General and administrative expense increased
by $1.5 million to $2.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.8 million for the same period in
2015. The increase reflects (i) higher acquisition fees and acquisition-related costs of $1.3 million in the 2016 period and (ii)
an increase in accounting and corporate filing fees. 

Depreciation and amortization   

Depreciation and amortization expense
increased by $1.4 million to $1.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.5 million for the same
period in 2015. Approximately $1.3 million of the increase was attributable to the hotels acquired subsequent to the 2015 period
and $0.1 million of the increase was attributable to the Hampton Inn   Des Moines and the Courtyard   Durham which
did not have a full nine months of operations in the 2015 period. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense was $1.3 million during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and compared to $0.7 million for the same period in 2015. Interest expense is attributable
to financings associated with our hotels Interest expense is attributable to financings associated with our hotels which included
origination fees of $276,667. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and
Capital Resources  

Overview:   

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, our primary source of funds were (i) $59.3 million of proceeds from our sale of shares of common stock
under our Offering, (ii) $45.4 million in proceeds from our mortgage payable and (iii) $11.4 million from the purchase of approximately
228 Subordinated Participation Interests by the Special Limited Partner. 

We have and intend
to continue to utilize leverage either in connection with acquiring our properties or subsequent to their acquisition. The number
of different properties we will acquire will be affected by numerous factors, including, the amount of funds available to us.
When interest rates on mortgage loans are high or financing is otherwise unavailable on terms that are satisfactory to us, we
may purchase certain properties for cash with the intention of obtaining a mortgage loan for a portion of the purchase price at
a later time. 

Our future sources
of funds will primarily consist of (i) proceeds from our sale of shares of common stock under our Offering, (ii) cash flows from
our operations, (iii) proceeds from our borrowings, (iv) proceeds from the sale of Subordinated Participation Interests and (v)
our DRIP. We currently believe that these cash resources will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements for the foreseeable
future, and we do not anticipate a need to raise funds from other than these sources within the next twelve months. 

Revolving Credit Facility  

On July 13, 2016, we entered into
a $60.0 million revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Credit Facility ), with a bank. The Revolving Credit Facility
bears interest at Libor plus 4.95% and provides a line of credit over the next three years, with two, one-year options to extend
solely at the discretion of the lender. Interest is payable monthly and the entire unpaid principal balance is due upon expiration
of the Revolving Credit Facility. Under the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility, we may designate properties as collateral
that allows us to borrow up to a 65.0% loan-to-value ratio of the properties. On July 13, 2016 we received initial advances aggregating
$45.4 million under the Revolving Credit Facility which is secured by five hotel properties consisting of the SpringHill Suites
- Green Bay, the Hampton Inn - Des Moines, the Hampton Inn - Lansing, the Courtyard - Durham, and the Courtyard - Warwick, and
as a result, $14.6 million remained available under the Revolving Credit Facility.  

Approximately $14.4
million of the financing proceeds were used to repay the outstanding interest and principal balance on two existing revolving
promissory notes which were terminated in connection with the closing of the Revolving Credit Facility. 

Home2
Suites    Promissory Note  

On October 5, 2016,
we entered into a promissory note (the   Home2 Suites  Promissory Note ) for
approximately $28.4 million. The  Home2 Suites  Promissory Note has a term of five
years, bears interest at 4.73% and requires monthly interest payments through its stated maturity with the entire unpaid balance
due upon maturity. The  Home2 Suites  Promissory Note is cross-collateralized
by the  Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio . 

We intend to limit
our aggregate long-term permanent borrowings to 75% of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing
is approved by a majority of the independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders. Market conditions will dictate our
overall leverage limit; as such our aggregate long-term permanent borrowings may be less than 75% of aggregate fair market value
of all properties. We may also incur short-term indebtedness, having a maturity of two years or less. 

Our charter provides
that the aggregate amount of our borrowing, both secured and unsecured, may not exceed 300% of net assets in the absence of a
satisfactory showing that a higher level is appropriate, the approval of our Board of Directors and disclosure to stockholders.
Net assets means our total assets, other than intangibles, at cost before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves less
our total liabilities, calculated at least quarterly on a basis consistently applied. Any excess in borrowing over such 300% of
net assets level must be approved by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly
report to stockholders, along with justification for such excess. Market conditions will dictate our overall leverage limit; as
such our aggregate borrowings may be less than 300% of net assets. As of September 30, 2016, our total borrowings were approximately
$45.4 million which represented 48% of our net assets. 

Our future borrowings
may consist of single-property mortgages as well as mortgages cross-collateralized by a pool of properties. Such mortgages may
be put in place either at the time we acquire a property or subsequent to our purchasing a property for cash. In addition, we
may acquire properties that are subject to existing indebtedness where we choose to assume the existing mortgages. Generally,
though not exclusively, we intend to seek to encumber our properties with non-recourse debt. This means that a lender s
rights on default will generally be limited to foreclosing on the property. However, we may, at our discretion, secure recourse
financing or provide a guarantee to lenders if we believe this may result in more favorable terms. When we give a guaranty for
a property owning entity, we will be responsible to the lender for the satisfaction of the indebtedness if it is not paid by the
property owning entity. 

In general the type
of future financing executed by us to a large extent will be dictated by the nature of the investment and current market conditions.
For long-term real estate investments, it is our intent to finance future acquisitions using long-term fixed rate debt. However
there may be certain types of investments and market circumstances which may result in variable rate debt being the more appropriate
choice of financing. To the extent floating rate debt is used to finance the purchase of real estate, management will evaluate
a number of protections against significant increases in interest rates, including the purchase of interest rate cap instruments. 

We may also obtain
lines of credit to be used to acquire properties. If obtained, these lines of credit will be at prevailing market terms and will
be repaid from offering proceeds, proceeds from the sale or refinancing of properties, working capital and/or permanent financing.
Our Sponsor and/or its affiliates may guarantee our lines of credit although they are not obligated to do so. We may draw upon
lines of credit to acquire properties pending our receipt of proceeds from our public offerings. We expect that such properties
may be purchased by our Sponsor s affiliates on our behalf, in our name, in order to minimize the imposition of a transfer
tax upon a transfer of such properties to us. 

In addition to making
investments in accordance with our investment objectives, we have used and expect to continue use our capital resources to make
certain payments to our Advisor, our Dealer Manager, and our Property Manager during the various phases of our organization and
operation. During our organizational and offering stage, these payments include payments to our Dealer Manager for selling commissions
and the dealer manager fee, and payments to our Advisor for the reimbursement of organization and other offering costs. 

Selling commissions and dealer manager
fees are paid to the Dealer Manager or soliciting dealers, as applicable, pursuant to various agreements, and other third-party
offering costs such as registration fees, due diligence fees, marketing costs, and professional fees are accounted for as a reduction
against additional paid-in capital as costs are incurred. Any organizational costs are accounted for as general and administrative
costs. The following table represents the selling commissions and dealer manager fees and other offering costs for the periods
indicated: 

Since commencement of our Offering through
September 30, 2016, we have incurred approximately $9.0 million in selling commissions and dealer manager fees and $4.5 million
of other offering costs in connection with the public offering of shares of our common stock.  Our
Advisor has and we expect will continue to advance organization and offering costs to the extent that we do not have the funds
available to pay such expenses, although our Advisor is under no obligation to continue to advance such expenses.   As
of December 31, 2015, we owed the Advisor and its affiliated entities an aggregate of approximately $1.2 million, which was principally
for organization and offering costs paid on our behalf. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we were (i) charged $88,010
for certain services and costs paid on our behalf, including $36,298 of offering-related costs that were recorded as a reduction
of APIC, and (ii) made payments totaling approximately $1.3 million and as a result, as of September 30, 2016, no amounts were
due to the Advisor. Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid the Advisor acquisition fees of approximately
$1.0 million. 

We expect
that organization and offering  costs , other than selling commissions and dealer manager fees,
will amount to approximately 2.0% of our gross offering proceeds. In no event will aggregate organization and offering  costs
 exceed 15.0% of gross offering proceeds over the life of the offering. During the initial stage of
our Offering, the organization and offering  costs  may exceed 15.0% of gross offering proceeds
since many of the expenses incurred in relation to the Offering are incurred prior to the  sale of shares of our common
stock. 

During the acquisition and development
stage, payments may include asset acquisition fees and financing coordination fees, and the reimbursement of acquisition related
expenses to our Advisor. During the operational stage, we will pay our Property Managers and/or other third party property managers
a property management fee and our Advisor an asset management fee or asset management participation or construction management
fees. We will also reimburse our Advisor and its affiliates for actual expenses it incurs for administrative and other services
provided to us. Upon liquidation of assets, we may pay our Advisor or its affiliates a real estate disposition commission. Additionally,
our Operating Partnership may be required to make distributions to Lightstone SLP III LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor. 

Summary of Cash Flows   

The following summary discussion of our
cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes
in our cash flows for the periods presented below: 

Our principal sources of cash flow were
derived from proceeds received from our Offering, proceeds from borrowings, proceeds from the purchase of Subordinated Participation
Interests by the Special Limited Partner and operating cash flows provided by our properties. In the future, we expect to acquire
additional properties which we expect will provide us with a relatively consistent stream of cash flow to sufficiently fund our
operating expenses, any scheduled debt service and any monthly distributions authorized by our Board of Directors. 

Our principal demands for liquidity currently
are expected to be acquisition and development activities, scheduled debt service and costs associated with our public offerings.
The principal sources of funding for our operations are currently expected to be proceeds from the issuance of equity securities
and financings. 

Operating activities   

The net cash provided by operating activities
of $2.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of our net income of $0.3 million adjusted for depreciation
and amortization, amortization of deferred financing costs and other non-cash items aggregating $2.2 million and net changes in
operating assets and liabilities of $0.4 million. 

Investing activities   

The cash used in investing activities
of $102.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily consisted of approximately $10.5 million for the purchase
of the Hampton Inn  Lansing, $12.4 million for the purchase of the Courtyard   Warwick, $18.3 million for the purchase
of the SpringHill Suites   Green Bay, $47.3 million for the purchase of the Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio, $12.0 million
for the purchase of the Fairfield Inn  Austin and refundable escrow deposits of $0.5 million. 

Financing activities   

The net cash provided by financing activities
of $103.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted of $59.3 million of offering proceeds, $45.4 million
in proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility and $11.4 million for the purchase of approximately 228 Subordinated Participation
Interests by the Special Limited Partner partially offset by the payment of $7.1 million of commissions and offering costs, $2.1
million in net payments on our Revolving Promissory Notes Payable   Related Party, cash distributions of $1.7 million to
our common stockholders and the payment of loan fees and expenses of $1.4 million. 

We believe that these cash resources will
be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements for the foreseeable future, and we do not anticipate a need to raise funds from
other than these sources within the next twelve months. 

DRIP and Share Repurchase Program  

Our DRIP provides our stockholders with
an opportunity to purchase additional shares of our common stock at a discount by reinvesting distributions. The Offering provides
for 10.0 million shares available for issuance under our DRIP at a discounted price equivalent to 95% of the Primary Offering
price per share. Through September 30, 2016, approximately 145,100 shares of common stock had been issued under our DRIP and approximately
9.9 million shares remain available for issuance. 

Our share repurchase program may provide
our stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their shares of common stock back to us, subject to
certain restrictions. 

As of September 30, 2016, approximately
18,100 shares of common stock have been repurchased under our share repurchase program. 

Our Board of Directors reserves the right
to terminate either program for any reason without cause by providing written notice of termination of the DRIP to all participants
or written notice of termination of the share repurchase program to all stockholders. 

Contractual Obligations  

The following is a summary of the estimated
contractual obligations related to our mortgage payable over the next five years and thereafter as of September 30, 2016. 

Home2
Suites    Promissory Note  

In addition to the
mortgage payable described above, On October 5, 2016, the Company, entered into a promissory note (the   Home2
Suites  Promissory Note ) for approximately $28.4 million. The  Home2 Suites  Promissory
Note has a term of five years, bears interest at 4.73% and requires monthly interest payments through its stated maturity with
the entire unpaid balance due upon maturity. The  Home2 Suites  Promissory Note
is cross-collateralized by the  Home2 Suites Hotel Portfolio . 

Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations   

The historical accounting convention used
for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings, improvements, and straight-line amortization of intangibles,
which implies that the value of a real estate asset diminishes predictably over time. We believe that, because real estate values
historically rise and fall with market conditions, including, but not limited to, inflation, interest rates, the business cycle,
unemployment and consumer spending, presentations of operating results for a REIT using the historical accounting convention for
depreciation and certain other items may be less informative. 

Because of these factors, the National
Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ), an industry trade group, has published a standardized measure
of performance known as funds from operations ( FFO ), which is used in the REIT industry as a supplemental performance
measure. We believe FFO, which excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, is an appropriate
supplemental measure of a REIT's operating performance. FFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We define FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent
with the standards set forth in the White Paper on FFO approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, as revised in February 2004
(the  White Paper ). The White Paper defines FFO as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, but excluding
gains or losses from sales of property and real estate related impairments, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization,
and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. 

We believe that the use of FFO provides
a more complete understanding of our performance to investors and to management, and, when compared year over year, reflects the
impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and
interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. 

Changes in the accounting and reporting
promulgations under GAAP that were put into effect in 2009 subsequent to the establishment of NAREIT's definition of FFO, such
as the change to expense as incurred rather than capitalize and depreciate acquisition fees and expenses incurred for business
combinations, have prompted an increase in cash-settled expenses, specifically acquisition fees and expenses, as items that are
expensed under GAAP across all industries. These changes had a particularly significant impact on publicly registered, non-listed
REITs, which typically have a significant amount of acquisition activity in the early part of their existence, particularly during
the period when they are raising capital through ongoing initial public offerings. 

Because of these factors, the Investment
Program Association ( IPA ), an industry trade group, has published a standardized measure of performance known as modified
funds from operations ( MFFO ), which the IPA has recommended as a supplemental measure for publicly registered, non-listed
REITs. MFFO is designed to be reflective of the ongoing operating performance of publicly registered, non-listed REITs by adjusting
for those costs that are more reflective of acquisitions and investment activity, along with other items the IPA believes are
not indicative of the ongoing operating performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT, such as straight-lining of rents
as required by GAAP. We believe it is appropriate to use MFFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance because we believe
that, when compared year over year, both before and after we have deployed all of our offering proceeds and are no longer incurring
a significant amount of acquisition fees or other related costs, it reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy
rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent
from net income. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent
with the IPA's Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered, Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from
Operations (the  Practice Guideline ) issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice Guideline defines MFFO as FFO
further adjusted for acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses and other items. In calculating MFFO, we follow the
Practice Guideline and exclude the following items: 

acquisition
fees and expenses; non-cash amounts related to straight-line rent and the amortization of above- or below-market and in-place
intangible lease assets and liabilities (which are adjusted in order to reflect such payments from an accrual basis of accounting
under GAAP to a cash basis of accounting); 

amortization
of a premium and accretion of a discount on debt investments; 

non-recurring
impairment of real estate-related investments; 

realized
gains (losses) from the early extinguishment of debt; 

realized
gains (losses) on the extinguishment or sales of hedges, foreign exchange, securities and other derivative holdings except where
the trading of such instruments is a fundamental attribute of our business; 

unrealized
gains (losses) from fair value adjustments on real estate securities, including CMBS and other securities, interest rate swaps
and other derivatives not deemed hedges and foreign exchange holdings; 

unrealized
gains (losses) from the consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting; 

adjustments
related to contingent purchase price obligations; and 

adjustments
for consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis as above. 

Certain of the above adjustments are also
made to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, such as for the amortization of a
premium and accretion of a discount on debt and securities investments, amortization of fees, any unrealized gains (losses) on
derivatives, securities or other investments, as well as other adjustments. 

MFFO excludes non-recurring impairment
of real estate-related investments. We assess the credit quality of our investments and adequacy of reserves on a quarterly basis,
or more frequently as necessary. Significant judgment is required in this analysis. We consider the estimated net recoverable
value of a loan as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of any collateral, the amount and the status
of any senior debt, the prospects for the borrower and the competitive situation of the region where the borrower does business. 

We believe that, because MFFO excludes
costs that we consider more reflective of acquisition activities and other non-operating items, MFFO can provide, on a going-forward
basis, an indication of the sustainability (that is, the capacity to continue to be maintained) of our operating performance after
the period in which we are acquiring properties and once our portfolio is stabilized. We also believe that MFFO is a recognized
measure of sustainable operating performance by the non-listed REIT industry and allows for an evaluation of our performance against
other publicly registered, non-listed REITs. 

Not all REITs, including publicly registered,
non-listed REITs, calculate FFO and MFFO the same way. Accordingly, comparisons with other REITs, including publicly registered,
non-listed REITs, may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs
and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations as determined
under GAAP as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as an indication of our liquidity,
or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO and
MFFO should be reviewed in conjunction with GAAP measurements as an indication of our performance. FFO and MFFO should not be
construed to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income or in its applicability
in evaluating our operating performance. The methods utilized to evaluate the performance of a publicly registered, non-listed
REIT under GAAP should be construed as more relevant measures of operational performance and considered more prominently than
the non-GAAP measures, FFO and MFFO, and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO. 

Neither the SEC, NAREIT, the IPA nor any
other regulatory body or industry trade group has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate
FFO or MFFO. In the future, NAREIT, the IPA or another industry trade group may publish updates.  

The below table illustrates the items
deducted from or added to net income/(loss) in the calculation of FFO and MFFO during the periods presented. The table discloses
MFFO in the IPA recommended format and MFFO without the straight-line rent adjustment which management also uses as a performance
measure. 

(1)  Under GAAP, rental receipts are allocated to periods using
                                         various methodologies. This may result in income recognition that is significantly different
                                         than underlying contract terms. By adjusting for these items (to reflect such payments
                                         from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis of disclosing the rent and lease payments),
                                         MFFO provides useful supplemental information on the realized economic impact of lease
                                         terms and debt investments, providing insight on the contractual cash flows of such lease
                                         terms and debt investments, and aligns results with management s analysis of operating
                                         performance.   

Distributions Declared by our Board of Directors and
Source of Distributions   

The following table provides a summary
of our quarterly distributions declared during the periods presented. The amount of distributions paid to our stockholders in
the future will be determined by our Board of Directors and is dependent on a number of factors, including funds available for
payment of dividends, our financial condition, capital expenditure requirements and annual distribution requirements needed to
maintain our status as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code. Additionally, our stockholders have the option to elect the receipt
of shares in lieu of cash under our DRIP. 

The table below presents our cumulative
FFO attributable to the Company's common shares: 

New Accounting Pronouncements    

See Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further information of certain accounting standards that have been issued or adopted during 2016 and
certain accounting standards that we have not yet been required to implement and may be applicable to our future operations. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Market risk includes risks that arise
from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that
affect market sensitive instruments. The primary market risk to which we are currently and expect to continue to be exposed is
interest rate risk. 

We are currently and expect to continue
to be exposed to the effects of interest rate changes primarily as a result of borrowings used to maintain liquidity and fund
the expansion and refinancing of our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Our interest rate risk management objectives
have been and will continue to be to limit the impact of interest rate changes on our earnings, prepayment penalties and cash
flows and to lower overall borrowing costs while taking into account variable interest rate risk. To achieve our objectives, we
may borrow at fixed rates or variable rates. We may also enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps
and caps in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. We will not enter into derivative or interest
rate transactions for speculative purposes. As of  September  30, 2016, we did not have any
derivative agreements outstanding. 

The following table shows the estimated
principal maturities for our mortgage debt during the next five years and thereafter as of September 30, 2016: 

Our mortgage payable requires
the maintenance of certain ratios, including debt service coverage and fixed leverage charge ratio. We are currently in compliance
with respect to all of our financial debt covenants. 

The carrying amounts reported
in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, deposits, accounts receivable (included in prepaid expenses and other assets) and
accounts payable and accrued expenses approximated their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

As of September 30, 2016, the estimated
fair value of the mortgage payable approximated its carrying value ($45.4 million) because of its floating interest rate. 

In addition to changes in interest
rates, the value of our real estate and real estate related investments is subject to fluctuations based on changes in local and
regional economic conditions which may affect our ability to obtain or refinance debt in the future. As of September 30, 2016,
we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We cannot predict the effect of adverse
changes in interest rates on our debt and, therefore, our exposure to market risk, nor can we provide any assurance that long-term
debt will be available at advantageous pricing. Consequently, future results may differ materially from the estimated adverse
changes discussed above. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

As of the end of
the period covered by this report, management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of the evaluation,
our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported as and when required. 

There have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION:  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  

From time to time in the ordinary course
of business, the Company may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

As of the date hereof, the Company is
not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have a material
adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the contingency
and possible range of loss. Additionally, the Company has not recorded any loss contingencies related to legal proceedings in
which the potential loss is deemed to be remote. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

The Company discussed in its
Annual Report on Form 10-K various risks that may materially affect its business. The Company uses this section to update this
discussion to reflect material developments since its Form 10-K was filed. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were
no such material developments. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

During the period covered by this Form
10-Q, the Company did not sell any unregistered securities. 

Use of Offering Proceeds  

The Company s sponsor is David Lichtenstein
( Lichtenstein ), who does business as The Lightstone Group, LLC (the  Sponsor ) and is the majority owner
of the limited liability company of that name. The Company s advisor is Lightstone Value Plus REIT III LLC (the  Advisor ),
which is wholly owned by its Sponsor. 

The Company s registration statement
on Form S-11 (File No. 333-195292) (the  Offering ), pursuant to which it is offering to sell up to 30,000,000 shares
of its common stock,  par value $0.01 per share, (which may be referred to herein as   shares
of common stock   or as   Common Shares  )  for an initial offering price of $10.00
per share, subject to certain volume and other discounts, (the  Primary Offering ) (exclusive of 10,000,000 shares
available pursuant to its distribution reinvestment plan (the  DRIP ) which are offered at a discounted price equivalent
to 95% of the Primary Offering price per Common Share) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
under the Securities Act of 1933 on July 15, 2014. On June 30, 2016, the Company adjusted the offering price to $9.50 per Common
Share in its Primary Offering, which was equal to the Company s estimated net asset value ( NAV ) per Common
Share as of March 31, 2016, and effective July 25, 2016, the Company s offering price was adjusted to $10.00 per Common
Share in its Primary Offering, which is equal to the estimated NAV per Common Share as of June 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had received gross proceeds of $98.2 million from the sale of 10.1 million shares of its common stock (including $2.0
million in Common Shares at a purchase price of $9.00 per Common Share to an entity 100% owned by David Lichtenstein, who also
owns a majority interest in the Company s Sponsor). The Company initially expected to offer the Common Shares offered in
its Primary Offering over a two-year period, or until July 15, 2016. However, because the Company had not sold all the Common
Shares offered in its Primary Offering within two years, the Company will continue the Primary Offering for an additional year,
until July 15, 2017, provided that the Offering will be terminated if all 30.0 million shares of our common stock are sold before
such date. The Company reserves the right to reallocate the shares of common stock it is offering between the Primary Offering
and the DRIP. Additionally, the Offering may be terminated at any time. 

On December 24, 2012, the Company sold
20,000 Common Shares to the Advisor for $10.00 per share. 

On July 16, 2014, the Advisor contributed
$2,000 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner units in the Operating Partnership. The limited partner
has the right to convert operating partnership units into cash or, at the option of the Company, an equal number of common shares
of the Company, as allowed by the limited partnership agreement. 

Lightstone SLP III LLC (the   Special
Limited Partner  ), a Delaware limited liability company of which Mr. Lichtenstein is the majority owner, is a special
limited partner in the Operating Partnership and has committed to make a significant equity investment in the Company of up to
$36.0 million, which is equivalent to 12.0% of the $300.0 million maximum amount of the Offering. Specifically, the Special Limited
Partner has committed to purchase subordinated participation interests in the Operating Partnership (the  Subordinated Participation
Interests ) quarterly in an amount equal to the product of (i) $10.00 minus our then current estimated NAV per Common Share,
multiplied by (ii) the number of our Common Shares outstanding. The Operating Partnership will issue one Subordinated Participation
Interest for each $50,000 in cash or interests in real property of equivalent value that the Special Limited Partner contributes.
The Special Limited Partner s obligation will continue until the earlier of: (i) the termination of our Offering; (ii) the
Special Limited Partner s purchase of an aggregate of $36.0 million of Subordinated Participation Interests and (iii) our
receipt of gross offering proceeds of $300.0 million. Through September 30, 2016, the Special Limited Partner purchased approximately
242 Subordinated Participation Interests in consideration of $12.1 million, including approximately 228 Subordinated Participation
Interests in consideration of $11.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Special Limited Partner may elect
to purchase the Subordinated Participation Interests for cash or may contribute interests in real property of equivalent value.
The Subordinated Participation Interests may be entitled to receive liquidation distributions upon the liquidation of Lightstone
REIT III. 

The Company has and expects to continue
to utilize a portion of offering proceeds towards funding dealer manager fees, selling commissions and other offering costs. 

Below is a summary of the expenses the
Company has incurred from October 5, 2012 (date of inception) through September 30, 2016 in connection with the issuance and distribution
of registered securities. 

From the Company s inception date
through September 30, 2016, it has used the cumulative net offering proceeds received of approximately $96.8 million (including
the purchase of an aggregate of $12.1 million of Subordinated Participation Interests by the Special Limited Partner), after deducting
the offering costs incurred of $13.5 million, as follows: 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

 None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit  
          Number   
       
       Description    

31.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
    and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended.   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
    and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended.   
 
      32.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
    1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551 this Exhibit
    is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be  filed.    
 
      32.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
    1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551 this Exhibit
    is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be  filed.    
 
      101*  
       
      XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).The following financial
    information from Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
    30, 2016, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2016, formatted in XBRL includes: (1) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) Consolidated
    Statements of Operations, (3) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity, (4) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows,
    and (5) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement.   

*Filed
herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE    

INVESTMENT TRUST III, INC.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:    
     /s/ David Lichtenstein 

David Lichtenstein   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
     /s/ Donna Brandin 

Donna Brandin   

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and 
        Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452111_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

  Certifications  

 I, David Lichtenstein, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein                    

David Lichtenstein  

Chairman and Chief Executive
    Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452111_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  Certifications  

 I, Donna Brandin, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Donna Brandin                      

Donna Brandin  

Chief Financial Officer and
    Treasurer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting
    Officer)    

Date: November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452111_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, David Lichtenstein, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc. (the  Company )
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein                    

David Lichtenstein  

Chairman and Chief Executive
    Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452111_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Donna Brandin, the Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc. (the  Company )
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Donna Brandin                      

Donna Brandin  

Chief Financial Officer and
    Treasurer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting
    Officer)    

Date: November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cik0001563756-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik0001563756-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik0001563756-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik0001563756-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik0001563756-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik0001563756-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

