<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161209_10-Q_edgar_data_56679_0001193125-16-789564_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6162456</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>162128</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>343835</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1167095</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2815456</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1342932</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-789564.hdr.sgml : 20161209
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161209144909
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-789564
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161209
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161209

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KORN FERRY INTERNATIONAL
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000056679
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES [7361]
		IRS NUMBER:				952623879
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14505
		FILM NUMBER:		162043791

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2600
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3105521834

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1900 AVENUE OF THE STARS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2600
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90067

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-789564.txt : 20161209

10-Q
 1
 d254336d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
    
  Form 10-Q        
        
    For the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016   
  OR       
    For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 001-14505        
       KORN/FERRY
INTERNATIONAL      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)   

Delaware  
   
  95-2623879   
 
  (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)  
   
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)   
    1900 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 2600, Los Angeles, California 90067   
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code)   
  (310) 552-1834   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes         No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of  Regulation S-T  (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or
a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in  Rule 12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):      

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
   
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
    
   Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes         No     
 The number of shares outstanding of our common stock as of December 5, 2016 was 57,422,194 shares.  

Table of Contents  

   KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    Table of Contents       

Item #    
    
    Description   
    
    Page     

Part I. Financial Information   

Item 1.  
    
  Consolidated Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 
31, 2016 (unaudited) and April 30, 2016   
    
 1  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and six months ended
 October 31, 2016 and 2015   
    
 2  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss)/Income for the three
 and six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015   
    
 3  

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended October 31,
 2016 and 2015   
    
 4  

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
    
 5  

Item 2.  
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    
 23  

Item 3.  
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    
 42  

Item 4.  
    
  Controls and Procedures  
    
 43  

Part II. Other Information   

Item 1.  
    
  Legal Proceedings  
    
 44  

Item 1A.  
    
  Risk Factors  
    
 44  

Item 2.  
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    
 44  

Item 5.  
    
  Other Information  
    
 44  

Item 6.  
    
  Exhibits  
    
 45  

Signatures  
    
 46  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
     Consolidated Financial Statements           KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND
SUBSIDIARIES        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

   KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
  (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (unaudited)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  October 31, 2016   
  1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
   Nature of Business    
 Korn/Ferry International, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and its subsidiaries are engaged in the business
of providing talent management solutions, including executive search on a retained basis, recruitment for non-executive professionals, recruitment process outsourcing and organizational and advisory services. The Company s worldwide network of
128 offices in 52 countries enables it to meet the needs of its clients in all industries.      Basis of Consolidation and Presentation
     The accompanying financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
and notes thereto included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2016 for the Company and its wholly and majority owned/controlled domestic and international subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements conform with United States ( U.S. ) generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and prevailing practice within the industry.
The consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals and any other adjustments that management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the results for these periods. The results of operations
for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire fiscal year.    Investments in
affiliated companies, which are 50% or less owned and where the Company exercises significant influence over operations, are accounted for using the equity method.  
 The Company considers events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date but before the consolidated financial
statements are issued to provide additional evidence relative to certain estimates or to identify matters that require additional disclosures.  
   Use of Estimates and Uncertainties    
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from these estimates, and changes in estimates are reported in current operations as new information is learned or upon the amounts becoming fixed and determinable. The most significant areas that require
management judgment are revenue recognition, restructuring, deferred compensation, annual performance related bonuses, evaluation of the carrying value of receivables, goodwill and other intangible assets, fair value of contingent consideration,
share-based payments and the recoverability of deferred income taxes.      Revenue Recognition    
 Substantially all fee revenue is derived from fees for professional services related to executive search performed on a
retained basis, recruitment for non-executive professionals, recruitment process outsourcing, people and organizational advisory services and the sale of productized services. Fee revenue from executive search activities and recruitment for
non-executive professionals is generally one-third of the estimated first year compensation of the placed executive or non-executive professional, as applicable, plus a percentage of the fee to cover indirect engagement related expenses. The Company
generally recognizes such revenue on a straight-line basis over a three-month period, commencing upon client acceptance, as this is the period over which the recruitment services are performed. Fees earned in excess of the initial contract amount
are recognized upon completion of the engagement, which reflect the difference between the final actual compensation of the placed executive and the estimate used for purposes of the previous billings. Since the initial contract fees are typically
not contingent upon placement of a candidate, our assumptions primarily relate to establishing the period over which such service is performed. These assumptions determine the timing of revenue recognition and profitability for the reported period.
Any revenues associated with services that are provided on a contingent basis are recognized once the contingency is resolved. In addition to recruitment for non-executive professionals, Futurestep provides recruitment process outsourcing
( RPO ) services and fee revenue is recognized as services are rendered and/or as milestones are achieved. Fee revenue from Hay Group (formerly known as Leadership   Talent Consulting ( Legacy LTC ) was combined with HG
(Luxenbourgh) S. .r.l ( Legacy Hay Group ) in December 2015) is recognized as services are rendered for consulting engagements and other time based services,  
      5  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  
measured by total hours incurred to the total estimated hours at completion. It is possible that updated estimates for the consulting engagement may vary from initial estimates with such
updates being recognized in the period of determination. Depending on the timing of billings and services rendered, the Company accrues or defers revenue as appropriate. Hay Group revenue is also derived from the sale of productized services, which
includes revenue from licenses and from the sale of products. Revenue from licenses is recognized using a straight-line method over the term of the contract (generally 12 months). Under the fixed term licenses, the Company is obligated to provide
the licensee with access to any updates to the underlying intellectual property that are made by the Company during the term of the license. Once the term of the agreement expires, the client s right to access or use the intellectual property
expires and the Company has no further obligations to the client under the license agreement. Revenue from perpetual licenses is recognized when the license is sold since the Company s only obligation is to provide the client access to the
intellectual property but is not obligated to provide maintenance, support, updates or upgrades. Products sold by the Company mainly consist of books and automated services covering a variety of topics including performance management, team
effectiveness, and coaching and development. The Company recognizes revenue for its products when the product has been sold or shipped in the case of books. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the Company included deferred revenue
of $88.4 million and $95.9 million, respectively, in other accrued liabilities.      Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    
 An allowance is established for doubtful accounts by taking a charge to general and administrative expenses. The amount of the
allowance is based on historical loss experience, assessment of the collectability of specific accounts, as well as expectations of future collections based upon trends and the type of work for which services are rendered. After the Company exhausts
all collection efforts, the amount of the allowance is reduced for balances identified as uncollectible.      Cash and Cash Equivalents
     The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash
equivalents. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the Company s investments in cash equivalents, consist of money market funds for which market prices are readily available.  
   Marketable Securities    
 The Company currently has investments in mutual funds that are classified as trading securities based upon management s
intent and ability to hold, sell or trade such securities. The classification of the investments in mutual funds is assessed upon purchase and reassessed at each reporting period. The investments in mutual funds (for which market prices are readily
available) are held in trust to satisfy obligations under the Company s deferred compensation plans (see Note 6   Financial Instruments ). Such investments are based upon the employees  investment elections in their deemed
accounts in the Executive Capital Accumulation Plan and similar plans in Asia Pacific and Canada ( ECAP ) from a pre-determined set of securities and the Company invests in marketable securities to mirror these elections. These investments
are recorded at fair value and are classified as marketable securities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The investments that the Company may sell within the next twelve months are carried as current assets. Realized gains (losses) on
marketable securities are determined by specific identification. Interest is recognized on an accrual basis, dividends are recorded as earned on the ex-dividend date. Interest and dividend income are recorded in the accompanying consolidated
statements of income in other (loss) income, net.      Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Not Designated as Hedges    
 Beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company established a program that primarily utilizes foreign currency
forward contracts to offset the risks associated with the effects of certain foreign currency exposures which increased as a result of the Hay Group acquisition. These foreign currency forward contracts are neither used for trading purposes nor are
they designated as hedging instruments pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Accordingly, the fair value of these contracts are recorded as of the end of the reporting period in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets, while the change in fair value is recorded to the accompanying consolidated statements of income.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
 Fair value is the price the Company would receive to sell an asset or transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants. For those assets and liabilities recorded or disclosed at fair value, the Company determines the fair value based upon the quoted market price, if available. If a quoted market price is not available for
identical assets, the fair value is based upon the quoted market price of similar assets. The fair values are assigned a level within the fair value hierarchy as defined below:  

Level 1 : Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are
accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.         

Level 2 : Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.     

Level 3 : Unobservable inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions.
      As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the Company held certain assets that are required
to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. These included cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and foreign currency forward contracts. The carrying amount of cash, cash equivalents and accounts receivable approximates fair value due
to the short maturity of these instruments. The fair values of marketable securities classified as trading are obtained from quoted market prices, and the fair values of foreign currency forward contracts are obtained from a third party, which are
based on quoted prices or market prices for similar financial instruments.      Business Acquisitions    
 Business acquisitions are accounted for under the acquisition method. The acquisition method requires the reporting entity to
identify the acquirer, determine the acquisition date, recognize and measure the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquired entity, and recognize and measure goodwill or a gain from the
purchase. The acquiree s results are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their fair values and the excess of the purchase price
over the amounts assigned is recorded as goodwill, or if the fair value of the assets acquired exceeds the purchase price consideration, a bargain purchase gain is recorded. Adjustments to fair value assessments are generally recorded to goodwill
over the measurement period (not longer than twelve months). The acquisition method also requires that acquisition-related transaction and post-acquisition restructuring costs be charged to expense as committed, and requires the Company to recognize
and measure certain assets and liabilities including those arising from contingencies and contingent consideration in a business combination.  
   Goodwill and Intangible Assets    
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired. The goodwill impairment test
compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill of the reporting unit would be considered impaired. To measure the amount of the
impairment loss, the implied fair value of a reporting unit s goodwill is compared to the carrying amount of that goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business
combination. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For each of these tests, the fair value of each of the
Company s reporting units is determined using a combination of valuation techniques, including a discounted cash flow methodology. To corroborate the discounted cash flow analysis performed at each reporting unit, a market approach is utilized
using observable market data such as comparable companies in similar lines of business that are publicly traded or which are part of a public or private transaction (to the extent available). Results of the annual impairment test, performed as of
January 31, 2016, indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount and no reporting units were at risk of failing the impairment test. As a result, no impairment charge was recognized. There were no indicators
of impairment as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016 that would have required further testing.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  Intangible assets primarily consist of customer lists, non-compete
agreements, proprietary databases, intellectual property and trademarks are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition and are amortized in a pattern in which the asset is consumed if that pattern can be reliably determined,
or using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives which range from one to 24 years. For intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible assets is not
recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible assets is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from use of the asset. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are
not amortized, but are reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than its carrying amount. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30,
2016, there were no indicators of impairment with respect to the Company s intangible assets.      Compensation and Benefits
Expense      Compensation and benefits expense, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income, consist of
compensation and benefits paid to consultants (employees who originate business), executive officers and administrative and support personnel. The most significant portions of this expense are salaries and the amounts paid under the annual
performance related bonus plan to employees. The portion of the expense applicable to salaries is comprised of amounts earned by employees during a reporting period. The portion of the expenses applicable to annual performance related bonuses refers
to the Company s annual employee performance related bonus with respect to a fiscal year, the amount of which is communicated and paid to each eligible employee following the completion of the fiscal year.  
 Each quarter, management makes its best estimate of its annual performance related bonuses, which requires management to,
among other things, project annual consultant productivity (as measured by engagement fees billed and collected by executive search consultants and revenue and other performance metrics for Hay Group and Futurestep consultants), the level of
engagements referred by a fee earner in one line of business to a different line of business, Company performance including profitability, competitive forces and future economic conditions and their impact on the Company s results. At the end
of each fiscal year, annual performance related bonuses take into account final individual consultant productivity (including referred work), Company results including profitability, the achievement of strategic objectives and the results of
individual performance appraisals, and the current economic landscape. Accordingly, each quarter the Company reevaluates the assumptions used to estimate annual performance related bonus liability and adjusts the carrying amount of the liability
recorded on the consolidated balance sheet and reports any changes in the estimate in current operations.    Because annual
performance-based bonuses are communicated and paid only after the Company reports its full fiscal year results, actual performance-based bonus payments may differ from the prior year s estimate. Such changes in the bonus estimate historically
have been immaterial and are recorded in current operations in the period in which they are determined. The performance related bonus expense was $95.1 million and $86.4 million during the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, included in compensation and benefits expense in the consolidated statements of income. During the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, the performance related bonus expense, included in compensation and benefits expense
was $52.7 million and $44.6 million, respectively.    Other expenses included in compensation and benefits expense are due
to changes in deferred compensation and pension plan liabilities, changes in cash surrender value ( CSV ) of company owned life insurance ( COLI ) contracts, amortization of stock compensation awards, payroll taxes and employee
insurance benefits.      Restructuring Charges, Net    
 The Company accounts for its restructuring charges as a liability when the obligations are incurred and records such charges
at fair value. Such charges included one-time employee termination benefits and the cost to terminate an office lease including remaining lease payments. Changes in the estimates of the restructuring charges are recorded in the period the change is
determined.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
    Stock-Based Compensation    
 The Company has employee compensation plans under which various types of stock-based instruments are granted. These
instruments principally include restricted stock units, restricted stock, stock options and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ). The Company recognizes compensation expense related to restricted stock units, restricted stock and the
estimated fair value of stock options and stock purchases under the ESPP on a straight-line basis over the service period for the entire award.  
   Recently Adopted Accounting Standards    
 In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued guidance simplifying the presentation of
debt issuance costs. The guidance requires debt issuance costs related to a debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, rather than being classified as an asset. The
Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and as a result, $4.2 million of unamortized debt issuance costs associated with its senior secured Credit Agreement were classified as a direct deduction to the term loan as of
July 31, 2016, of which $0.9 million was recorded to term loan, current, and $3.3 million was recorded to term loan, non-current. The adoption did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements as of April 30, 2016.
   In September 2015, the FASB issued guidance requiring an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts
recorded in an acquisition that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The acquirer is required to record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on
earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The acquirer is also required to
present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the footnotes, the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustments had been
recognized as of the acquisition date. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and the adoption did not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Company.  
   Recently Proposed Accounting Standards    
 In May 2014, the FASB issued guidance that supersedes revenue recognition requirements regarding contracts with customers to
transfer goods or services or for the transfer of nonfinancial assets. Under the new guidance, entities are required to recognize revenue in order to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a five-step analysis to be performed on transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. In July 2015, the FASB
decided to approve a one-year deferral of the effective date as well as providing an option to early adopt the standard on the original effective date. This new guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those annual years
beginning after December 15, 2017 as opposed to the original effective date of December 15, 2016. The Company will adopt this guidance in its fiscal year beginning May 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this
guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.    In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance on the
classification and measurement of financial instruments, which requires that (i) all equity investments, other than equity-method investments, in unconsolidated entities, generally be measured at fair value through earnings and (ii) when
the fair value option has been elected for financial liabilities, changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk, be recognized separately in other comprehensive income. Additionally, it changes the disclosure requirements for
financial instruments. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for certain provisions. The Company is currently evaluating the effect this guidance will have on the
consolidated financial statements.    In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance on accounting for leases that generally
requires all leases to be recognized in the consolidated balance sheet. The provisions of the guidance are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The provisions of the guidance are to be
applied using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance on accounting for certain aspects of
share-based payments to employees. The new guidance requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. Furthermore, cash flows related to excess tax benefits will no longer
be separately classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. The guidance also allows companies to repurchase more of an employee s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting,
clarifying that all cash payments made on an employee s behalf for withheld shares should be presented as a financing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows and provides an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as
they occur. The provisions of the guidance are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016; early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that this guidance will have on the consolidated financial
statements.    In August 2016, the FASB issued guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in
the statement of cash flows. The new guidance provides clarification on specific cash flow issues regarding presentation and classification in the statement of cash flows with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The
amendments in this update are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The provisions of the guidance are to be applied using a retrospective transition method. The adoption of this
standard will not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.     2. Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share   
 Accounting Standards Codification 260, Earnings Per Share, requires companies to treat unvested share-based payment awards
that have non-forfeitable rights to dividends prior to vesting as a separate class of securities in calculating earnings per share. We have granted and expect to continue to grant to certain employees under our restricted stock agreements, grants
that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends. Such grants are considered participating securities. Therefore, we are required to apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. The two-class method of computing earnings per share
is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common stock and participating security according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and participation rights in undistributed earnings. The dilutive effect
of participating securities is calculated using the more dilutive of the treasury method or the two-class method.    Basic
earnings per common share was computed using the two-class method by dividing basic net earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common share was computed using
the two-class method by dividing diluted net earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus dilutive common equivalent shares. Dilutive common equivalent shares include all in-the-money
outstanding options or other contracts to issue common stock as if they were exercised or converted. Financial instruments that are not in the form of common stock, but when converted into common stock increase earnings per share are anti-dilutive,
and are not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share.    During the three and six months ended
October 31, 2016, restricted stock awards of 0.6 million were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2015,
restricted stock awards of 0.5 million were outstanding but not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  The following table summarizes basic and diluted earnings per common share
attributable to common stockholders:      
    3. Stockholders  Equity   
 The following table summarizes the changes in stockholders  equity for the three months ended October 31, 2016:  

11  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  The following table summarizes the changes in stockholders  equity for
the six months ended October 31, 2016:      
    4. Comprehensive Income   
 Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to stockholders  equity, except those changes resulting
from investments by stockholders (changes in paid in capital) and distributions to stockholders (dividends) and is reported in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss)/income. Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of
taxes, is recorded as a component of stockholders  equity.    The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss
were as follows:      
   The following table summarizes the changes in each component of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) for the three months ended October 31, 2016:      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  The following table summarizes the changes in each component of accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) for the six months ended October 31, 2016:      

(1) 
   The tax effect on the reclassifications of realized net losses was $0.3 million and $0.6 million for the three
and six months ended October 31, 2016, respectively.       The following table summarizes the changes in
each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the three months ended October 31, 2015:      
   The following table summarizes the changes in each component of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) for the six months ended October 31, 2015:      
     
 (1) The tax effect on the reclassifications of realized net losses was $0.3 million and $0.6 million for the three and six months ended
October 31, 2015, respectively.     5. Employee Stock Plans   
   Stock-Based Compensation    
 The following table summarizes the components of stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Company s
consolidated statements of income for the periods indicated:  
      13  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       

     Stock Incentive Plans    
 At the Company s 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, held on October 6, 2016, the Company s stockholders
approved an amendment and restatement to the Korn/Ferry International Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2016 amendment and restatement being the  The Third A R 2008 Plan ), which among other things, increased the
number of shares under the plan by 5,500,000 shares increasing the current maximum number of shares that may be issued under the plan to 11,200,000 shares, subject to certain changes in the Company s capital structure and other extraordinary
events. The Third A R 2008 Plan provides for the grant of awards to eligible participants, designated as either nonqualified or incentive stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units, any of which may be performance-based or
market-based, and incentive bonuses, which may be paid in cash or a combination thereof. Under the Third A R 2008 Plan, the ability to issue full-value awards is limited by requiring full-value stock awards to count 2.3 times as much as
stock options.      Restricted Stock    
 The Company grants time-based restricted stock awards to executive officers and other senior employees generally vesting over
a three to four year period. In addition, certain key management members typically receive time-based restricted stock awards upon commencement of employment and may receive them annually in conjunction with the Company s performance review.
Time-based restricted stock awards are granted at a price equal to fair value, which is determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The Company recognizes compensation expense for time-based restricted
stock awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.    The Company also grants market-based and performance-based
restricted stock units to executive officers and other senior employees. The market-based units vest after three years depending upon the Company s total stockholder return over the three-year performance period relative to other companies in
its selected peer group. The fair value of these market-based restricted stock units are determined by using extensive market data that is based on historical Company and peer group information. The Company recognizes compensation expense for
market-based restricted stock units on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.    Performance-based restricted stock
units vest after three years depending upon the Company meeting certain objectives that are set at the time the restricted stock unit is issued. Performance-based restricted stock units are granted at a price equal to the fair value, which is
determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The Company recognizes compensation expense for performance-based restricted stock units on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. At the end of each
reporting period, the Company estimates the number of restricted stock units expected to vest, based on the probability that certain performance objectives will be met, exceeded, or fall below target levels, and the Company takes into account these
estimates when calculating the expense for the period.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  Restricted stock activity during the six months ended October 31, 2016 is summarized below:  
   
   As of October 31, 2016, there were 0.6 million shares and 0.1 million shares
outstanding relating to market-based and performance-based restricted stock units, respectively, with total unrecognized compensation totaling $7.6 million and $8.3 million, respectively.  
 As of October 31, 2016, there was $35.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to all non-vested awards
of restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years. During the six months ended October 31, 2016, 186,517 shares of restricted stock totaling $4.2 million, were repurchased by the Company, at the
option of the employee, to pay for taxes related to vesting of restricted stock. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2015, 660 shares and 188,764 shares of restricted stock totaling $0.1 million and $6.7 million, respectively,
were repurchased by the Company, at the option of the employee, to pay for taxes related to vesting of restricted stock.      Employee
Stock Purchase Plan      The Company has an ESPP that, in accordance with Section 423 of the Internal Revenue
Code, allows eligible employees to authorize payroll deductions of up to 15% of their salary to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at 85% of the fair market price of the common stock on the last day of the enrollment period.
Employees may not purchase more than $25,000 in stock during any calendar year. The maximum number of shares that may be issued under the ESPP is 3.0 million shares. During the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, no shares were
purchased under the ESPP. During the six months ended October 31, 2016, employees purchased 114,011 shares at $17.60 per share. During the six months ended October 31, 2015, employees purchased 44,334 shares at $29.55 per share. As of
October 31, 2016, the ESPP had approximately 1.4 million shares remaining available for future issuance.      Common Stock
     During the three and six months ended October 31, 2016, the Company issued 11,620 shares and 44,090 shares
of common stock, respectively, as a result of the exercise of stock options, with cash proceeds from the exercise of $0.2 million and $0.6 million, respectively. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2015, the Company issued 9,070
shares and 80,498 shares of common stock, respectively, as a result of the exercise of stock options, with cash proceeds from the exercise of $0.1 million and $1.2 million, respectively.  
 During the three and six months ended October 31, 2016, the Company repurchased 335,500 shares of the Company s
common stock for $6.9 million. No shares were repurchased during the three and six months ended October 31, 2015, other than to satisfy minimum tax withholding requirements upon the vesting of restricted stock as described above.  
  6. Financial Instruments   
 The following tables show the Company s cash, trading securities and foreign currency forward contracts  cost, gross
unrealized gains, gross unrealized losses and fair value by significant category recorded as cash and cash equivalents, current portion of current marketable securities, non-current marketable securities, or other accrued liabilities as of
October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016:  
      15  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       

(1) 
   These investments are held in trust for settlement of the Company s vested and unvested obligations of
$133.7 million and $138.8 million as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively, under the ECAP (see Note 7    Deferred Compensation and Retirement Plans ). During the three months ended October 31, 2016,
the fair value of the investments decreased; therefore, the Company recognized a loss of $0.7 million, which was recorded in other (loss) income, net. During the six months ended October 31, 2016, the fair value of the investments increased;
therefore, the Company recognized income of $3.2 million, which was recorded in other (loss) income, net. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2015, the fair value of the investments decreased; therefore, the Company recognized a
loss of $2.5 million and $1.8 million, respectively, which was recorded in other (loss) income, net.     
 Investments in marketable securities classified as trading are based upon investment selections the employee elects from a
pre-determined set of securities in the ECAP and the Company invests in marketable securities to mirror these elections. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the Company s investments in marketable securities classified as
trading consist of mutual funds for which market prices are readily available. Investments in marketable securities classified as available-for-sale securities are made based on the Company s investment policy, which restricts the types of
investments that can be made. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the Company does not hold marketable securities classified as available-for-sale. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2015, the Company received
$8.1 million and $11.1 million, respectively, in proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale marketable securities.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
   Non-Designated Derivatives   
 The fair value of derivatives not designated as hedge instruments are as follows:  
   
   As of October 31, 2016, the total notional amounts of the forward contracts purchased and
sold were $2.9 million and $73.0 million, respectively. As of April 30, 2016, the total notional amounts of the forward contracts purchased and sold were $14.5 million and $44.3 million, respectively. The Company recognizes forward contracts as
a net asset or net liability on the consolidated balance sheets as such contracts are covered by master netting agreements. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2016, the Company incurred gains of $0.2 million for both periods,
related to forward contracts, which is recorded in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The cash flows related to foreign currency forward contracts are included in net cash used in operating
activities.     7. Deferred Compensation and Retirement Plans   
 The Company has several deferred compensation and retirement plans for eligible consultants and vice presidents that provide
defined benefits to participants based on the deferral of current compensation or contributions made by the Company subject to vesting and retirement or termination provisions. Among these plans is a defined benefit pension plan for Hay Group
employees in the United States. The assets of this plan are held separately from the assets of the sponsors in self-administered funds. The plan is funded consistent with local statutory requirements and the Company does not expect to make any
contribution to this plan during fiscal 2017. All other defined benefit obligations from other plans are unfunded.    The
components of net periodic benefit costs are as follows:      
   The Company purchased COLI contracts insuring the lives of certain employees eligible to
participate in the deferred compensation and pension plans as a means of funding benefits under such plans mentioned above that are unfunded. The gross CSV of these contracts of $179.2 million and $175.7 million is offset by outstanding policy
loans of $68.4 million in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively. The CSV value of the underlying COLI investments increased by $0.7 million and $3.2 million during the three
and six months ended October 31, 2016, respectively, and it is recorded as a decrease in compensation and benefits expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The CSV value of the underlying COLI investments increased by $0.8
million and $3.3 million during the three and six months ended October 31, 2015, respectively, and it is recorded as a decrease in compensation and benefits expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.  
 The Company has an ECAP, which is intended to provide certain employees an opportunity to defer salary and/or bonus on a
pre-tax basis or make an after-tax contribution. In addition, the Company, as part of its compensation philosophy, makes discretionary contributions into the ECAP and such contributions may be granted to key employees annually based upon employee
performance. Certain management and employees may also receive Company ECAP contributions upon commencement of employment. As these contributions vest, the amounts are recorded as a liability in deferred compensation and other retirement plans on
the accompanying balance sheet and compensation and benefits on the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Participants generally vest in Company contributions over a four to five year period.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  The ECAP is accounted for whereby the changes in the fair value of the vested
amounts owed to the participants are adjusted with a corresponding charge (or credit) to compensation and benefits costs. During the three months ended October 31, 2016, deferred compensation liability decreased; therefore, the Company
recognized a decrease in compensation expense of $0.6 million. Offsetting the decrease in compensation and benefits expense was a decrease in the fair value of marketable securities classified as trading (held in trust to satisfy obligations under
certain deferred compensation liabilities) of $0.7 million during the three months ended October 31, 2016, recorded in other (loss) income, net on the consolidated statements of income. During the six months ended October 31, 2016,
deferred compensation liability increased; therefore, the Company recognized $2.6 million in compensation expense. Offsetting the increase in compensation and benefits expense was an increase in the fair value of marketable securities classified as
trading (held in trust to satisfy obligations under certain deferred compensation liabilities) of $3.2 million during the six months ended October 31, 2016. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2015, deferred compensation
liability decreased; therefore, the Company recognized a decrease in compensation expense of $1.6 million and $0.9 million, respectively. Offsetting the decrease in compensation and benefits expense was a decrease in the fair value of marketable
securities classified as trading (held in trust to satisfy obligations under certain deferred compensation liabilities) of $2.5 million and $1.8 million during the three and six months ended October 31, 2015, respectively, recorded in other
(loss) income, net on the consolidated statements of income (see Note 6   Financial Instruments ).     8. Restructuring Charges, Net
    The Company continued the implementation of the fiscal 2016 restructuring plan in fiscal 2017 in order to integrate
the Hay Group entities that were acquired in fiscal 2016 by eliminating redundant positions and operational, general and administrative expenses and consolidating office space. This resulted in restructuring charges of $24.5 million in the six
months ended October 31, 2016, of which $11.5 million relates to severance and $13.0 million relates to consolidation of office space. During the three months ended October 31, 2016, the Company recorded no restructuring charges.  
 Changes in the restructuring liability during the three months ended October 31, 2016 are as follows:  
   
   Changes in the restructuring liability during the six months ended October 31, 2016 are
as follows:      
   As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the restructuring liability is included
in the current portion of other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, except for $4.0 million and $0.6 million, respectively, of facilities costs which primarily relate to commitments under operating leases, net of sublease income,
which are included in other long-term liabilities.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
  The restructuring liability by segment is summarized below:  
   
    9. Business Segments   
 The Company currently operates in three global businesses: Executive Search, Hay Group and Futurestep. The Executive Search
segment focuses on recruiting Board of Director and C-level positions, in addition to research-based interviewing and onboarding solutions, for clients predominantly in the consumer, financial services, industrial, life sciences/healthcare and
technology industries. Hay Group assists clients with ongoing assessment, compensation and development of their senior executives and management teams, and addresses three fundamental needs: Talent Strategy, Succession Management, and Leadership
Development, all underpinned by a comprehensive array of world-leading IP, products and tools. Futurestep is a global industry leader in high-impact talent acquisition solutions. Its portfolio of services includes global and regional RPO, project
recruitment, individual professional search and consulting. The Executive Search business segment is managed by geographic regional leaders and Hay Group and Futurestep worldwide operations are managed by their Chief Executive Officers. The
Executive Search geographic regional leaders and the Chief Executive Officers of Hay Group and Futurestep report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company also operates a Corporate segment to record global expenses of the
Company.    The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on the Company s chief operating decision
maker s ( CODM ) review of (1) fee revenue and (2) adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( Adjusted EBITDA ). To the extent that such charges occur, Adjusted EBITDA excludes
restructuring charges, integration/acquisition costs, certain separation costs and certain non-cash charges (goodwill, intangible asset and other than temporary impairment). For the six months ended October 31, 2016, Adjusted EBITDA includes a
deferred revenue adjustment related to the Legacy Hay acquisition, reflecting revenue that Hay Group would have realized if not for business combination accounting that requires a company to record the acquisition balance sheet at fair value and
write-off deferred revenue where no future services are required to be performed to earn that revenue. The accounting policies for the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies, except the
items described above are excluded from EBITDA to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
    
 Financial highlights by business segment are as follows:  

20  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       

21  

Table of Contents  

KORN/FERRY INTERNATIONAL AND SUBSIDIARIES   
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)   
  October 31, 2016       
   10. Long-Term Debt   
 On June 15, 2016, the Company entered into a senior secured $400 million Credit Agreement (the  Credit
Agreement ) with a syndicate of banks and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent (to provide for enhanced financial flexibility and in recognition of the accelerated pace of the Hay Group integration). The Credit
Agreement provides for, among other things: (a) a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $275 million (the  Term Facility  (b) a senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Revolver 
and together with the Term Facility, the  Credit Facilities ) in an aggregate principal amount of $125 million, (c) annual term loan amortization of 7.5%, 7.5%, 10.0%, 10.0%, and 10.0%, with the remaining principal due at maturity
(d) certain customary affirmative and negative covenants, including a maximum consolidated total leverage ratio (as defined below) and a minimum interest coverage ratio, and (e) an expanded definition of permitted add-backs to Adjusted
EBITDA in recognition of the accelerated integration actions. The Company drew down $275 million on the new term loan and used $140 million of the proceeds to pay-off the term loan that was outstanding as of April 30, 2016. The remaining funds
will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of October 31, 2016, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants.  
 At the Company s option, loans issued under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at either LIBOR or an alternate base
rate, in each case plus the applicable interest rate margin. The interest rate applicable to loans outstanding under the Credit Facilities may fluctuate between LIBOR plus 1.25% per annum to LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum, in the case of LIBOR
borrowings (or between the alternate base rate plus 0.25% per annum and the alternate base rate plus 1.00% per annum, in the alternative), based upon the Company s total funded debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio (as set forth in the Credit
Agreement, the  consolidated leverage ratio ) at such time. In addition, the Company will be required to pay to the lenders a quarterly fee ranging from 0.20% to 0.35% per annum on the average daily unused amount of the Term Facility,
based upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio at such time, and fees relating to the issuance of letters of credit.  
 Both the Revolver and the Term Facility mature on June 15, 2021, and may be prepaid and terminated early by the Company
at any time without premium or penalty (subject to customary LIBOR breakage fees). The Term Facility is payable in quarterly installments with the first principal payment of $5.2 million made during the three months ended October 31, 2016. As
of October 31, 2016, $269.8 million was outstanding under the Term Facility compared to $140.0 million as of April 30, 2016, under the previous Facility. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2016, the average rate on the
Term Facility was 2.44% and 2.43%, respectively.    As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the Company had no
borrowings under the Revolver. The Company had $3.0 million and $2.8 million of standby letters of credits issued under its long-term debt arrangements as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively. The Company had a total of
$6.9 million and $6.4 million of standby letters of credits with other financial institutions as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively.  
  11. Subsequent Events      Quarterly Dividend Declaration
    On December 6, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a cash dividend of $0.10 per share with a
payment date of January 16, 2017 to holders of the Company s common stock of record at the close of business on December 20, 2016. Due to the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday (and related federal bank closure on such day), the
payment of the dividend will occur on January 17, 2017. The declaration and payment of future dividends under the quarterly dividend policy will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including the
Company s earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions, the terms of the Company s indebtedness and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem to be relevant. The Board may amend, revoke or suspend the dividend policy at
any time and for any reason.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.      
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations         
  Forward-looking Statements   
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain certain statements that we believe are, or may be considered to be,
 forward-looking  statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements generally can be
identified by use of statements that include phrases such as  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   foresee,   may,   will,   likely, 
 estimates,   potential,   continue  or other similar words or phrases. Similarly, statements that describe our objectives, plans or goals also are forward-looking statements. All of these forward-looking statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statement. The principal risk factors that could cause actual performance and future actions to
differ materially from the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, dependence on attracting and retaining qualified and experienced consultants, maintaining our brand name and professional reputation, potential legal liability
and regulatory developments, portability of client relationships, global and local political or economic developments in or affecting countries where we have operations, currency fluctuations in our international operations, risks related to growth,
restrictions imposed by off-limits agreements, competition, reliance on information processing systems, cyber security vulnerabilities, limited protection of our intellectual property, our ability to enhance and develop new technology, our ability
to successfully recover from a disaster or business continuity problems, employment liability risk, an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets, deferred tax assets that we may not be able to use, our ability to
develop new products and services, changes in our accounting estimates and assumptions, alignment of our cost structure, risks related to the integration of recently acquired businesses, the utilization and billing rates of our consultants,
seasonality, and the matters disclosed under the heading  Risk Factors  in the Company s Exchange Act reports, including Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016
( Form 10-K ). Readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are made only as of the date of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q and we undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.   
  The following presentation of management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We also make available on the Investor Relations portion of our website at www.kornferry.com
earnings slides and other important information, which we encourage you to review.      Executive Summary   
 Korn/Ferry International (referred to herein as the  Company,   Korn Ferry,  or in the first person
notations  we,   our,  and  us ) is the preeminent global people and organizational advisory firm. Our services include Executive Search, advisory solutions and products through Hay Group (formerly known as Leadership
  Talent Consulting ( Legacy LTC ) which was combined with HG (Luxembourg) S. .r.l. ( Legacy Hay Group ) in December 2015) and recruitment for non-executive professionals and recruitment process outsourcing
( RPO ) through Futurestep. Approximately 73% of the executive searches we performed in fiscal 2016 were for board level, chief executive and other senior executive and general management positions. Our 5,575 executive search clients in
fiscal 2016 included many of the world s largest and most prestigious public and private companies, including approximately 54% of the FORTUNE 500, middle market and emerging growth companies, as well as government and nonprofit organizations.
We have built strong client loyalty, with 84% of assignments performed (without giving effect to Legacy Hay assignments) during fiscal 2016 having been on behalf of clients for whom we had conducted assignments in the previous three fiscal years.
Approximately 62% of our revenues were generated from clients that utilize multiple lines of business.    Superior
performance comes from having the right conditions for success in two key areas   the organization and its people. Organizational conditions encourage people to put forth their best effort and invest their energy towards achieving the
organization s purpose. We can help operationalize a client s complete strategy or address any combination of six broad categories:      

Organization Design  
    
   We
establish the conditions for success by clarifying strategy; designing an operating model and organization structure that aligns to it; and defining a high performance culture. We enable strategic change by engaging and motivating people to
perform.        
      23  

Table of Contents  

Talent Strategy and Work  
  Design   
    
   We
map talent strategy to business strategy and help organizations put their plan into action. We help organizations to make sure they have the right people, in the right roles, engaged and enabled to do the right things - both now and in the
future.       
 
  Rewards and Benefits  
    
   We
help organizations align reward with strategy. We help them pay their people fairly for doing the right things - with rewards they value - at a cost the organization can afford. 

Assessment and Succession  
    
   We
provide actionable, research-backed insight that allows organizations to understand the talent they have, benchmarked against the talent they need to deliver on the business strategy. 
     Our assessments allow leaders to make the right decisions
about their people for today, and to prepare the right leaders to be ready - when and where they are needed - in the future.       
 
    Executive Search and  
  Recruitment   
    
   We
integrate scientific research with our practical experience and industry-specific expertise to recruit professionals of all levels and functions at organizations across every sector. 

Leadership Development  
    
   We
combine expertise, science, and proven techniques with forward thinking and creativity to build leadership experiences that help entry- to senior-level leaders grow and deliver superior results. 
     
   During fiscal 2016, we implemented a restructuring plan in order to rationalize our cost
structure in order to eliminate redundant positions and real estate that were created due to the acquisition of Legacy Hay in December 2015. In particular, the majority of our efforts in fiscal 2016, were focused on activities associated with
integration of our go-to-market activities, our intellectual property and content, our solution sets and service offerings, and our back office systems and business processes. We continued to implement this plan during the first half of fiscal 2017
and in connection with the plan, recorded $24.5 million of restructuring charges with $11.5 million relating to severance costs and $13.0 million relating to the consolidation of office space during the six months ended October 31, 2016. No
restructuring charges were incurred during the six months ended October 31, 2015.    The Company currently operates in
three global business segments: Executive Search, Hay Group and Futurestep. See Note 9   Business Segments,  in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the Company s global business
segments. The Company evaluates performance and allocates resources based on the chief operating decision maker s review of (1) fee revenue and (2) adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
( Adjusted EBITDA ). To the extent that such charges occur, Adjusted EBITDA excludes restructuring charges, integration/acquisition costs and certain separation costs and certain non-cash charges (goodwill, intangible asset and other than
temporary impairment). For the six months ended October 31, 2016, Adjusted EBITDA includes a deferred revenue adjustment related to the Legacy Hay acquisition, reflecting revenue that Hay Group would have realized if not for business
combination accounting that requires a company to record the acquisition balance sheet at fair value and write-off deferred revenue where no future services are required to be performed to earn that revenue. During the three months ended October 31,
2016, management no longer has adjusted fee revenue. Therefore the fee revenue adjustment for the six months ended October 31, 2016 remains unchanged from the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures.
They have limitations as analytical tools, should not be viewed as a substitute for financial information determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ), and should not be considered in isolation or as
a substitute for analysis of the Company s results as reported under GAAP. In addition, they may not necessarily be comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other companies. Management believes the presentation of
these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding Korn Ferry s performance by excluding certain charges, items of income and other items that may not be indicative of Korn Ferry s ongoing operating
results. The use of these non-GAAP financial measures facilitate comparisons to Korn Ferry s historical performance and identification of operating trends that may otherwise be distorted by certain charges and other items that may not be
indicative of Korn Ferry s ongoing operating results. Korn Ferry includes these non-GAAP financial measures because  
      24  

Table of Contents  

management believes it is useful to investors in allowing for greater transparency with respect to supplemental information used by management in its evaluation of Korn Ferry s ongoing
operations and financial and operational decision-making. The accounting policies for the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in the accompanying consolidated financial statements,
except that the above noted items are excluded from EBITDA to arrive at Adjusted EBITDA. Management further believes that EBITDA is useful to investors because it is frequently used by investors and other interested parties to measure operating
performance among companies with different capital structures, effective tax rates and tax attributes and capitalized asset values, all of which can vary substantially from company to company.  
 Similarly, adjusted fee revenue is a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted fee revenue is not a measure that substitutes an
individually tailored revenue recognition or measurement method for those of GAAP, rather, it is an adjustment for a short period of time that will provide better comparability in the current and future periods. Management believes the presentation
of adjusted fee revenue assists management in its evaluation of ongoing operations and provides useful information to investors because it allows investors to make more meaningful period-to-period comparisons of the Company s operating results,
to better identify operating trends that may otherwise be distorted by write-offs required under business combination accounting and to perform related trend analysis, and provides a higher degree of transparency of information used by management in
its evaluation of Korn Ferry s ongoing operations and financial and operational decision-making.    Fee revenue
increased $121.3 million, or 43% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 to $401.9 million compared to $280.6 million in the three months ended October 31, 2015, with increases in fee revenue in Hay Group and Futurestep, while fee
revenue in Executive Search remained essentially flat. During the three months ended October 31, 2016, we recorded operating income of $46.5 million with Executive Search, Hay Group and Futurestep segments contributing $37.4 million, $22.9
million and $7.8 million, respectively, offset by Corporate expenses of $21.6 million. Net income attributable to Korn Ferry during the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 was $30.2 million and $18.0 million, respectively. Adjusted
EBITDA was $63.3 million during the three months ended October 31, 2016 with Executive Search, Hay Group and Futurestep segments contributing $39.0 million, $35.3 million, and $8.5 million, respectively, offset by Corporate expenses net of
other income of $19.5 million. Adjusted EBITDA increased $17.3 million during the three months ended October 31, 2016, from Adjusted EBITDA of $46.0 million in the year-ago quarter.  
 Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities decreased $24.7 million, or 6%, to $390.0 million at October 31,
2016, compared to $414.7 million at April 30, 2016. This decrease is mainly due to bonuses earned in fiscal 2016 and paid during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, $32.3 million in payments for the purchase of fixed assets, $11.8 million in
dividends paid during first half of fiscal 2017 and $6.9 million stock repurchases, offset by the drawdown of $275 million on the new term loan of which $140 million of the proceeds were used to pay-off the term loan that was outstanding as of
April 30, 2016 and cash provided by operating activities. As of October 31, 2016, we held marketable securities to settle obligations under our Executive Capital Accumulation Plan ( ECAP ) with a cost value of $138.5 million and
a fair value of $140.0 million. Our vested and unvested obligations for which these assets were held in trust totaled $133.7 million as of October 31, 2016.  
 Our working capital increased by $161.9 million to $349.9 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016. We believe
that cash on hand and funds from operations and other forms of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate requirements, repayment of the debt obligations incurred in connection with
the Legacy Hay acquisition, the retention pool obligations pursuant to the Legacy Hay acquisition and dividend payments under our dividend policy in the next twelve months. We had no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility at
October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, there was $3.0 million and $2.8 million of standby letters of credit issued under our long-term debt arrangements, respectively. We have a total of
$6.9 million and $6.4 million of standby letters of credits with other financial institutions as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively.  
  Results of Operations   
 The following table summarizes the results of our operations as a percentage of fee revenue:  
 (Numbers may not total exactly due to rounding)  
      25  

Table of Contents  

The following tables summarize the results of our operations by business segment:  
 (Numbers may not total exactly due to rounding)      

(1) 
   Margin calculated as a percentage of fee revenue by business segment.     
      26  

Table of Contents  

27  

Table of Contents  

28  

Table of Contents  

   Three Months Ended October 31, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended October 31, 2015   
   Fee Revenue    
  Fee Revenue.     Fee revenue went up by $121.3 million, or 43%, to $401.9 million in the three
months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $280.6 million in the year-ago quarter. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $4.9 million, or 2%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter. The
higher fee revenue was attributable to growth in Hay Group and Futurestep, while fee revenue in Executive Search remained essentially flat. The increase in Hay Group was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition, which was consummated in the third
quarter of fiscal 2016.     Executive Search.     Executive Search reported fee revenue of $156.2
million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $156.5 million in the year-ago quarter. As detailed below, Executive Search fee revenue was lower in EMEA and Asia Pacific regions, offset by higher fee revenue in the Latin America
region while the fee revenue in the North America region remained essentially flat in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago quarter. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $2.7 million, or 2%, in the
three months ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the year-ago quarter.    North America reported fee revenue of
$92.7 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $92.8 million in the year-ago quarter.    EMEA
reported fee revenue of $34.8 million, a decrease of $1.8 million, or 5%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $36.6 million in the year-ago quarter. The lower fee revenue was primarily due to exchange rates unfavorably
impacting fee revenue by $2.5 million, or 7%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the year-ago quarter. The rest of the change in fee revenue was due to a 2% decrease in the weighted-average fees billed per engagement
(calculated using local currency), offset by a 4% increase in the number of engagements billed during the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter. The performance in United Kingdom, France and Germany were the
primary contributors to the decrease in fee revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter, offset by an increase in fee revenue in Belgium and United Arab Emirates. In terms of business sectors, financial
services and consumer goods experienced the largest decline in fee revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago quarter.  
 Asia Pacific reported fee revenue of $19.5 million, a decrease of $1.5 million, or 7%, in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $21.0 million in the year-ago quarter. Exchange rates favorably impacted fee revenue by $0.3 million, or 1%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the year-ago quarter. The rest of the
change in fee revenue was due to a 15% decrease in the weighted-average fees billed per engagement (calculated using local currency), offset by a 7% increase in the number of engagements billed in the three months ended October 31, 2016
compared to the year-ago quarter. The performance in Hong Kong and Singapore were the primary contributors to the decrease in fee revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter, offset by an increase in fee
revenue in Japan. Financial services and technology were the main sectors contributing to the decline in fee revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago quarter, partially offset by an increase in fee revenue
in the industrial and consumer goods sectors.    Latin America reported fee revenue of $9.2 million, an increase of $3.1
million, or 51%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $6.1 million in the year-ago quarter. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue for Latin America by $0.5 million, or 8%, in the three months ended October 31,
2016, when compared to the year-ago quarter. The increase is due to $4.4 million in fee revenue from our Mexican subsidiary that we began consolidating in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 as a result of obtaining control of the entity. The rest of
the change primarily relates to an increase in fee revenue in Brazil, offset by lower fee revenue in Venezuela in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter. Industrial and life sciences/healthcare were the main
sectors contributing to the growth in fee revenue in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

   Hay Group.     Hay Group reported fee revenue of $188.8
million, an increase of $115.2 million, or 157%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $73.6 million in the year-ago quarter. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $1.4 million, or 2%, compared to the year-ago
quarter. The increase in fee revenue was primarily due to the legacy Hay acquisition which was consummated in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. As a result of the Legacy Hay acquisition, consulting fee revenue was higher by $66.0 million in the
three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter, with the remaining increase of $49.2 million generated by productized services.  
  Futurestep.     Futurestep reported fee revenue of $56.8 million, an increase of $6.3 million, or
12%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $50.5 million in the year-ago quarter. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $0.8 million, or 2%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016. Higher fee revenues in
RPO and professional search of $4.4 million and $2.2 million, respectively drove the increase in fee revenue. The increase in fee revenue in professional search was due to a 15% increase in the number of engagements billed, offset by a 4% decrease
in the weighted-average fees billed per engagement in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter.      Compensation
and Benefits      Compensation and benefits expense increased $82.0 million, or 43%, to $270.6 million in the three
months ended October 31, 2016 from $188.6 million in the year-ago quarter. Exchange rates favorably impacted compensation and benefits expenses by $3.3 million, or 2%, in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago
quarter. The increase in compensation and benefits was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition and $1.9 million in integration/acquisition costs compared to the year-ago quarter. The acquisition was the main factor for increases of $58.3
million, $8.1 million, $2.9 million, $1.9 million and $1.2 million in salaries and related payroll taxes, performance related bonus expense, insurance costs, retirement plans, and outside contractors, respectively. Also contributing to the increase
in compensation and benefits was an increase in the amortization of long-term incentive awards of $2.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter.  
 Executive Search compensation and benefits expense increased by $1.3 million, to $99.9 million in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $98.6 million in the year-ago quarter. This increase was primarily due to higher salaries and related payroll expense of $1.9 million due to a 3% increase in average headcount in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter. The rest of the change was due to an increase of $1.8 million in the amortization of long-term incentive awards, partially offset by lower performance related bonus expense of $2.1 million. The
decrease in performance related bonus expense was principally due to lower profitability. Executive Search compensation and benefits expense, as a percentage of fee revenue, increased to 64% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 from 63%
in the year-ago quarter.    Hay Group compensation and benefits expense increased $72.9 million, or 157%, to $119.3 million
in the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $46.4 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase in compensation and benefits was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition and an increase of $1.0 million in integration/acquisition costs
compared to the year-ago quarter. Due to the acquisition, average headcount increased during the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter, resulting in higher salaries and related payroll taxes, performance related
bonus expense, insurance costs, and retirement plans of $51.4 million, $11.5 million, $1.9 million and $1.6 million, respectively. Hay Group compensation and benefits expense, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 63% in both the three months ended
October 31, 2016 and 2015.    Futurestep compensation and benefits expense increased $5.0 million, or 14%, to $40.0
million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $35.0 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was due to higher salaries and related payroll taxes of $5.0 million due to a 24% increase in the average headcount in the three months
ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter. The higher average headcount was primarily driven by the need to service an increase in fee revenue in both professional search and RPO businesses. Futurestep compensation and benefits
expense, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 70% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 69% in the year-ago quarter.  
 Corporate compensation and benefits expense increased by $2.7 million, or 31%, to $11.3 million in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 from $8.6 million in the year-ago quarter. Excluding $0.9 million of integration/acquisition costs related to the Legacy Hay acquisition, compensation and benefits expense increased $1.8 million in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago quarter. This increase was mainly due to an increase of $0.5 million in stock based compensation, $0.5 million in the use of outside consultants and an increase in the amortization of long-term
incentive awards of $0.4 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

    General and Administrative Expenses    
 General and administrative expenses increased $9.5 million, or 21%, to $54.1 million in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $44.6 million in the three months ended October 31, 2015. Exchange rates favorably impacted general and administrative expenses by $0.9 million, or 2%, during the three months ended October 31, 2016
compared to the year-ago quarter. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition that took place in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. The acquisition was the main factor for increases of $11.7
million, $2.9 million and $2.0 million in premise and office expense, marketing and business development expenses and legal and other professional expenses, respectively, offset by a decrease in integration/acquisition costs of $8.1 million compared
to the year-ago quarter. General and administrative expenses, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 14% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 16% in the year-ago quarter.  
 Executive Search general and administrative expenses decreased $0.4 million, or 2.4%, to $16.2 million in the three months
ended October 31, 2016 from $16.6 million in the year-ago quarter. General and administrative expenses decreased due to higher foreign exchange gains of $0.4 million during the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago
quarter. Executive Search general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 10% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 11% in the year-ago quarter.  
 Hay Group general and administrative expenses increased $15.5 million, or 194%, to $23.5 million in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $8.0 million in the three months ended October 31, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition. The acquisition was the main factor for increases of
$10.8 million, $1.8 million, $1.3 million and $1.3 million in premise and office expense, marketing and business development expenses, legal and other professional expenses and travel related expenses, respectively. Hay Group general and
administrative expenses, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 12% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 11% in the year-ago quarter.  
 Futurestep general and administrative expenses were $5.5 million and $5.3 million, respectively, in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 and 2015. Futurestep general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 10% in both the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  
 Corporate general and administrative expenses decreased $5.8 million, or 39%, to $8.9 million in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $14.7 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was driven by a decline of $8.1 million in integration/acquisition costs associated with the Legacy Hay acquisition, offset
with increases of $1.0 million, $0.6 million and $0.5 million in marketing and business development expenses, legal and other professional fees and foreign exchange loss, respectively, incurred in the three months ended October 31, 2016
compared to the year-ago quarter. The increase in marketing and business development expenses reflects our continued growth-related investments back into the business.  
   Cost of Services Expense    
 Cost of services expense consist primarily of non-billable contractor and product costs related to the delivery of various
services and products, primarily in Futurestep and Hay Group. Cost of services expense increased $7.7 million, or 69%, to $18.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $11.2 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase
is mainly due to higher fee revenue in Hay Group due to the Legacy Hay acquisition. Cost of services expense, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 5% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 4% in the year-ago quarter.  
   Depreciation and Amortization Expenses    
 Depreciation and amortization expenses were $11.8 million, an increase of $4.6 million, or 64%, in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $7.2 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase is mainly due to the Legacy Hay acquisition. The increase relates primarily to technology investments made in the current and prior year in software and computer
equipment, in addition to increases in leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures and intangible assets.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

    Restructuring Charges, Net    
 No restructuring charges, net were incurred during the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  
   Operating Income    
 Operating income was $46.5 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to operating income of $29.0
million in the year-ago quarter. This increase in operating income resulted from a higher fee revenue of $121.3 million, offset by an increase of $82.0 million in compensation and benefits expense ($1.9 million in integration/acquisition costs),
$9.5 million in general and administrative expenses (includes a decrease of $8.1 million in integration/acquisition), $7.7 million cost of services expense and $4.6 million of depreciation and amortization expenses during the three months ended
October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago quarter.    Executive Search operating income decreased $1.8 million to
$37.4 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $39.2 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease in Executive Search operating income was driven by an increase in compensation and benefits expense of $1.3 million
while fee revenue remained essentially flat. Executive Search operating income, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 24% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to 25% in the year-ago quarter.  
 Hay Group operating income was $22.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to operating income
of $7.8 million in the year-ago quarter. The change was primarily driven by an increase in fee revenue of $115.2 million mainly due to the Legacy Hay acquisition, offset by an increase of $72.9 million in compensation and benefits expense (which
included $1.0 million in integration/acquisition costs), and general and administrative expenses of $15.5 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter. The rest of the change in operating income was due to
an increase in cost of services expense and depreciation and amortization expense of $7.3 million and $4.4 million, respectively in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the three months ended October 31, 2015. Hay Group
operating income, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 12% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to operating income as a percentage of fee revenue of 11% in the year-ago quarter.  
 Futurestep operating income increased by $0.9 million to $7.8 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 from
$6.9 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase in Futurestep operating income was primarily due to $6.3 million in higher fee revenue, partially offset by an increase of $5.0 million in compensation and benefits expense in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter. The change in compensation and benefits expense was driven by higher salaries and related payroll taxes due to an increase in average headcount. Futurestep operating income, as a percentage of
fee revenue, was 14% for both the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.      Net Income Attributable to Korn Ferry    
 Net income attributable to Korn Ferry increased $12.2 million, or 68%, to $30.2 million in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $18.0 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was due to an increase in fee revenue of $121.3 million, offset by higher operating expenses of $106.0 million and an increase in income tax provision of $3.4
million due to higher profitability. Net income attributable to Korn Ferry, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 8% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to 6% in the year-ago quarter.  
   Adjusted EBITDA    
 Adjusted EBITDA increased $17.3 million to $63.3 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $46.0
million in the year-ago quarter. This increase was driven by higher fee revenue of $121.3 million and a decrease in other loss, net of $1.7 million due to the change in the fair value of our marketable securities, offset by increases of $80.1
million, $17.6 million, and $7.7 million in compensation and benefits expense (excluding integration/acquisition costs), general and administrative expense (excluding integration/acquisition costs) and cost of services expense, respectively.
Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of adjusted fee revenue, was 16% for both the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  
 Executive Search Adjusted EBITDA was $39.0 million, a decrease of $1.6 million, or 4%, in the three months ended
October 31, 2016 as compared to $40.6 million in the three months ended October 31, 2015. This decrease was due to an  
      32  

Table of Contents  

increase of $1.3 million in compensation and benefits expense driven by an increase in salaries and related payroll expense while fee revenue remained essentially flat during the three months
ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter. Executive Search Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 25% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to 26% in the year-ago quarter.  
 Hay Group Adjusted EBITDA increased by $20.6 million to $35.3 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as
compared to $14.7 million in the year-ago quarter. This increase was due to higher fee revenue of $115.2 million, offset by an increase of $71.9 million, $15.5 million and $7.3 million in compensation and benefit expense (excluding
integration/acquisition costs), general and administrative expenses and cost of services expense, respectively. Hay Group Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of adjusted fee revenue, was 19% in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared
to 20% in the year-ago quarter.    Futurestep Adjusted EBITDA increased by $1.0 million to $8.5 million in the three months
ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $7.5 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase in Futurestep Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to an increase in fee revenue of $6.3 million, offset by an increase of $5.0 million in compensation and
benefits expense during the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago quarter. The increase in compensation and benefits expense was primarily driven by higher salaries and related payroll taxes due to an increase in
average headcount. Futurestep Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 15% for both the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  
   Other (Loss) Income, Net    
 Other loss, net was $0.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $2.6 million in the year-ago
quarter. The decrease in other loss, net was primarily due to the change in the fair value of our marketable securities, which created a smaller loss during the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter.  
   Interest Expense, Net    
 Interest expense, net primarily relates to our term loan facility and borrowings under our COLI policies, which is partially
offset by interest earned on cash and cash equivalent balances. Interest expense, net was $2.7 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $0.5 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was mainly due to interest
expense associated with the term loan facility that we entered into in the current fiscal year to provide enhanced financial flexibility.      Equity in
Earnings of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries      Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries is comprised of our
less than 50% interest in IGroup, LLC, which is engaged in organizing, planning and conducting conferences and training programs throughout the world for directors, chief executive officers, other senior level executives and business leaders, in
three months ended October 31, 2016, and also includes our Mexican subsidiary for the three months ended October 31, 2015. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we obtained control of our Mexico subsidiary and began to consolidate the
operations. Equity in earnings decreased by $0.6 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago quarter due to the consolidation of our Mexico subsidiary, which is now included in operations.  
   Income Tax Provision    
 The provision for income tax was $11.9 million in the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $8.5 million in the
year-ago quarter. This reflects a 28% and 32% effective tax rate in the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the three months ended October 31, 2016 is due to a higher
percentage of taxable income arising in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates.      Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
     Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest represents the portion of a subsidiary s net earnings
that are attributable to shares of such subsidiary not held by Korn Ferry that are included in the consolidated results of operations. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we obtained control of our Mexico subsidiary and began to consolidate the
operations. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for the three months ended October 31, 2016 was $0.9 million.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

   Six Months Ended October 31, 2016 Compared to Six Months Ended October 31, 2015   
   Fee Revenue    
  Fee Revenue.     Fee revenue went up by $229.5 million, or 42%, to $777.5 million in the six months
ended October 31, 2016 compared to $548.0 million in the year-ago period. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $13.4 million, or 2%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. The higher fee
revenue was attributable to growth in Hay Group and Futurestep, offset with the decrease in Executive Search. The increase in Hay Group was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition, which was consummated in the third quarter of fiscal 2016.  
  Executive Search.     Executive Search reported fee revenue of $302.6 million, a decrease of $6.0
million, or 2%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $308.6 million in the year-ago period. As detailed below, Executive Search fee revenue was lower in North America, EMEA and Asia Pacific regions, offset by higher fee revenue
in the Latin America region in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago period. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $6.3 million, or 2%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the
year-ago period.    North America reported fee revenue of $174.5 million, a decrease of $8.7 million, or 5%, in the six
months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $183.2 million in the year-ago period. North America s fee revenue was lower due to a 3% decrease in the number of engagements billed and 2% decrease in the weighted-average fees billed per
engagement (calculated using local currency) during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. The overall decrease in fee revenue was driven by a decline in the life sciences/healthcare, financial services,
education/non-profit, and industrial sectors as compared to the year-ago period. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $0.2 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the year-ago period.  
 EMEA reported fee revenue of $70.1 million, a decrease of $2.6 million, or 4%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016
compared to $72.7 million in the year-ago period. The lower fee revenue was primarily due to exchange rates unfavorably impacting EMEA s fee revenue by $4.1 million, or 6%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the
year-ago period. This was offset by a 2% increase in the number of engagements billed and a 1% increase in the weighted-average fees billed per engagement (calculated using local currency) during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared
to the year-ago period. The performance in existing offices in United Kingdom, France and Switzerland were the primary contributors to the decrease in fee revenue in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period, offset
by an increase in fee revenue in United Arab Emirates, Germany and Denmark. In terms of business sectors, life sciences/healthcare, financial services and consumer goods experienced the largest decline in fee revenue in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago period, partially offset by an increase in the technology sector.    Asia
Pacific reported fee revenue of $39.1 million, a decrease of $1.1 million, or 3%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $40.2 million in the year-ago period. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $0.2 million in the
six months ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the year-ago period. The rest of the change in fee revenue was due to a 12% decrease in the weighted-average fees billed per engagement (calculated using local currency), offset by an 11%
increase in the number of engagements billed in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. The performance in Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia were the primary contributors to the decrease in fee revenue in the six
months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period, offset by an increase in fee revenue in Japan and China. Technology, education/non-profit financial services and industrial were the main sectors contributing to the decrease in fee
revenue in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago period, partially offset by an increase in fee revenue in the consumer goods sector.  
 Latin America reported fee revenue of $18.8 million, an increase of $6.3 million, or 50%, in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $12.5 million in the year-ago period. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue for  
      34  

Table of Contents  

Latin America by $1.8 million, or 14%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the year-ago period. The increase is due to $8.8 million in fee revenue from our Mexican
subsidiary that we began consolidating in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 as a result of obtaining control of the entity. The rest of the change primarily relates to an increase in fee revenue in Brazil, offset by lower fee revenues in Venezuela
in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. Industrial, life sciences/healthcare and financial services were the main sectors contributing to the growth in fee revenue in the six months ended October 31, 2016
compared to the year-ago period.     Hay Group.     Hay Group reported fee revenue of $363.4
million, an increase of $220.6 million, or 154%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $142.8 million in the year-ago period. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $4.8 million, or 3%, compared to the year-ago
period. The increase in fee revenue was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition which was consummated in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. As a result of the Legacy Hay acquisition, consulting fee revenue was higher by $136.5 million in the six
months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period, with the remaining increase of $84.1 million generated by higher productized services.  
  Futurestep.     Futurestep reported fee revenue of $111.5 million, an increase of $14.9 million, or
15%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $96.6 million in the year-ago period. Exchange rates unfavorably impacted fee revenue by $2.3 million, or 2%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016. Higher fee revenues in RPO
and professional search of $9.8 million and $5.1 million, respectively drove the increase in fee revenue. The increase in fee revenue in professional search was due to a 17% increase in the number of engagements billed, offset by a 5% decrease in
the weighted-average fees billed per engagement in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period.  
   Compensation and Benefits    
 Compensation and benefits expense increased $165.5 million, or 45%, to $533.6 million in the six months ended October 31,
2016 from $368.1 million in the year-ago period. Exchange rates favorably impacted compensation and benefits expenses by $8.7 million, or 2%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. The increase in compensation
and benefits was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition and $7.2 million more in integration/acquisition costs in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. The acquisition was the main factor for increases of
$121.4 million, $8.7 million, $4.6 million, $4.1 million and $2.3 million in salaries and related payroll taxes, performance related bonus expense, insurance costs, retirement plans and outside contractors, respectively. Also contributing to the
increase in compensation and benefits was an increase in the amortization of long-term incentive awards of $5.4 million, higher stock based compensation of $1.9 million and a change in the fair value of vested amounts owed under certain deferred
compensation plans of $3.5 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period due to market movements.  
 Executive Search compensation and benefits expense increased by $0.6 million, to $198.6 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $198.0 million in the year-ago period. This increase was primarily due to higher salaries and related payroll expense of $5.3 million due to a 5% increase in average headcount in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. The rest of the change was due to an increase in the amortization of long-term incentive awards of $3.9 million and $0.5 million in retirement plans, offset by lower performance related bonus
expense of $9.3 million during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period due to market movements. The decrease in performance related bonus expense was principally due to lower fee revenue and profitability.
Executive Search compensation and benefits expense, as a percentage of fee revenue, increased to 66% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 from 64% in the year-ago period.  
 Hay Group compensation and benefits expense increased $146.7 million, or 167%, to $234.6 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 from $87.9 million in the year-ago period. The increase in compensation and benefits was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition and $5.0 million in integration/acquisition costs compared to the year-ago period. Due to the
acquisition, average headcount increased during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period, resulting in higher salaries and related payroll taxes, performance related bonus expense, retirement plans and insurance
costs of $105.6 million, $19.3 million, $3.4 million and $3.4 million, respectively. Hay Group compensation and benefits expense, as a percentage of fee revenue, increased to 65% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 from 62% in the year-ago
period.    Futurestep compensation and benefits expense increased $11.7 million, or 18%, to $78.0 million in the six months
ended October 31, 2016 from $66.3 million in the year-ago period. Salaries and related payroll taxes and insurance costs were the  
      35  

Table of Contents  

primary drivers which increased by $10.3 million and $1.0 million, respectively. The change in salaries and related payroll taxes was due to a 28% increase in the average headcount in the six
months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. The higher average headcount was primarily driven by the need to service an increase in fee revenue in both professional search and RPO businesses. Futurestep compensation and
benefits expense, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 70% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 69% in the year-ago period.  
 Corporate compensation and benefits expense increased by $6.5 million, or 41%, to $22.4 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 from $15.9 million in the year-ago period. Excluding $2.2 million of integration/acquisition costs related to the Legacy Hay acquisition, compensation and benefits expense increased $4.3 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago period. This increase was mainly due to an increase of $1.6 million in stock based compensation, $0.9 million in expenses associated with our deferred compensation plans, $0.8 million for outside
contractors and $0.8 million in amortization of long-term incentive awards and in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period.  
   General and Administrative Expenses    
 General and administrative expenses increased $27.4 million, or 33%, to $109.5 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $82.1 million in the six months ended October 31, 2015. Exchange rates favorably impacted general and administrative expenses by $2.3 million, or 3%, during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared
to the year-ago period. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition that took place in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, offset by a decrease of $6.0 million in integration/acquisition costs
compared to the year-ago period. The acquisition was the main factor for increases of $23.0 million, $5.0 million, $3.6 million and $2.7 million in premise and office expense, marketing and business development expenses, legal and other professional
expenses and travel related expenses respectively. General and administrative expenses, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 14% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 15% in the year-ago period.  
 Executive Search general and administrative expenses decreased $0.9 million, or 3%, to $32.3 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 from $33.2 million in the year-ago period. General and administrative expenses decreased due to higher foreign exchange gains of $1.1 million during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period.
Executive Search general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 11% in both the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  
 Hay Group general and administrative expenses increased $30.9 million, or 185%, to $47.6 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $16.7 million in the six months ended October 31, 2015. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the Legacy Hay acquisition. The acquisition was the main factor for increases of
$21.6 million, $3.4 million, $2.6 million and $2.6 million in premise and office expense, business development expenses, legal and other professional expenses and travel related expenses, respectively. Hay Group general and administrative expenses,
as a percentage of fee revenue, was 13% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 12% in the year-ago period.  
 Futurestep general and administrative expenses were $11.2 million and $10.7 million, respectively, in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 and 2015. General and administrative expenses increased due to higher premise and office expense of $0.4 million during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. Futurestep general and
administrative expenses, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 10% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 11% in the year-ago period.  
 Corporate general and administrative expenses decreased $3.1 million, or 14%, to $18.4 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $21.5 million in the year-ago period. General and administrative expenses decreased due to a decline of $6.0 million in integration/acquisition costs, offset by increases of $1.6 million in business development
expenses $0.8 million in legal and other professional expenses and $0.3 million in higher foreign currency losses in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to year-ago period.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

    Cost of Services Expense    
 Cost of services expense consist primarily of non-billable contractor and product costs related to the delivery of various
services and products, primarily in Futurestep and Hay Group. Cost of services expense increased $14.4 million, or 68%, to $35.7 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $21.3 million in the year-ago period. The increase is
mainly due to higher fee revenue in Hay Group due to the Legacy Hay acquisition. Cost of services expense, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 5% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 4% in the year-ago period.  
   Depreciation and Amortization Expenses    
 Depreciation and amortization expenses were $23.2 million, an increase of $8.6 million, or 59%, in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $14.6 million in the year-ago period. The increase is mainly due to the Legacy Hay acquisition. The increase relates primarily to technology investments that were made in the current and prior year in software and
computer equipment, in addition to increases in leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures and intangible assets.      Restructuring Charges, Net
     During the six months ended October 31, 2016, we continued the implementation of the fiscal 2016
restructuring plan in order to integrate the Hay Group entities that were acquired in the prior year by eliminating redundant positions and operational, general and administrative expenses and consolidation of office space. As a result, we recorded
$24.5 million of restructuring charges with $11.5 million of severance costs and $13.0 million relating to the consolidation of office space during the six months ended October 31, 2016. No restructuring charges, net were incurred during the
six months ended October 31, 2015.      Operating Income    
 Operating income was $51.1 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to operating income of $61.9
million in the year-ago period. This decrease in operating income resulted from increases of $165.5 million in compensation and benefits expense (which included an increase in integration/acquisition costs of $7.2 million), $27.4 million in general
and administrative expenses (which included a decrease in integration/acquisition costs of $6.0 million), $24.5 million in restructuring charges, net, $14.4 million in cost of services expense and $8.6 million of depreciation and amortization
expenses. These changes were partially offset by higher fee revenue of $229.5 million during the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago period.  
 Executive Search operating income decreased $9.7 million to $64.4 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as
compared to $74.1 million in the year-ago period. The decrease in Executive Search operating income was driven by lower fee revenue of $6.0 million, an increase of $2.8 million in restructuring charges, net and higher compensation and benefits
expense of $0.6 million. Executive Search operating income, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 21% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to 24% in the year-ago period.  
 Hay Group operating income was $15.2 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $15.3 million in the
year-ago period. The change was primarily driven by increases in compensation and benefits expense (which includes an increase of $5.0 million in integration/acquisition costs), general and administrative expenses and restructuring charges, net of
$146.7 million, $30.9 million and $21.5 million, respectively in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. Further contributing to the decline was an increase in cost of services expense and depreciation and
amortization expense of $12.9 million and $8.7 million, respectively. Partially offsetting these changes in operating loss was an increase in fee revenue of $220.6 million mainly due to the Legacy Hay acquisition. Hay Group operating income, as a
percentage of fee revenue, was 4% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to 11% in the year-ago period.  
 Futurestep operating income increased by $2.2 million to $15.3 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 from
$13.1 million in the year-ago period. The increase in Futurestep operating income was primarily due to $14.9 million in higher fee revenue, partially offset by increases of $11.7 million in compensation and benefits expense and $0.5 million in
general and administrative expenses in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. The change in compensation and benefits expense was driven by higher salaries and related payroll taxes due to an increase in average
headcount. Futurestep operating income, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 14% in both the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

    Net Income Attributable to Korn Ferry    
 Net income attributable to Korn Ferry decreased $7.7 million, or 19%, to $33.4 million in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 compared to $41.1 million in the year-ago period. The decrease was due to higher operating expenses of $248.0 million, offset by an increase in total revenue of $237.2 million and a decrease in income tax provision of $5.0
million due to lower profitability. Net income attributable to Korn Ferry, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 4% for the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to 7% in the year-ago period.  
   Adjusted EBITDA    
 Adjusted EBITDA increased $32.0 million to $119.7 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $87.7
million in the year-ago period. This increase was driven by higher adjusted fee revenue of $233.1 million (which included a $3.5 million deferred revenue adjustment related to the Legacy Hay acquisition) and an increase in the fair value of our
marketable securities of $5.0 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period, offset by increases of $158.3 million, $33.4 million and $14.4 million in compensation and benefits expense (excluding
integration/acquisition costs), general and administrative expense (excluding integration/acquisition costs) and cost of services expense, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of adjusted fee revenue, was 15% in the six months ended
October 31, 2016 as compared to 16% in the year-ago period.    Executive Search Adjusted EBITDA was $70.7 million, a
decrease of $6.8 million, or 9%, in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $77.5 million in the six months ended October 31, 2015. This decrease was due to lower fee revenue of $6.0 million and higher compensation and
benefits expense of $0.6 million during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to the year-ago period. Executive Search Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 23% in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared
to 25% in the year-ago period.    Hay Group Adjusted EBITDA increased by $39.7 million to $65.1 million in the six months
ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $25.4 million in the year-ago period. This increase was due to higher adjusted fee revenue of $224.2 million (which included a $3.5 million deferred revenue adjustment related to Legacy Hay acquisition),
offset by an increase of $141.7 million, $30.9 million and $12.9 million in compensation and benefit expense (excluding integration/acquisition costs), general and administrative expenses and cost of services expense, respectively. Hay Group
Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of adjusted fee revenue, was 18% in both the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  
 Futurestep Adjusted EBITDA increased by $2.3 million to $16.6 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as
compared to $14.3 million in the year-ago period. The increase in Futurestep Adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to an increase in fee revenue of $14.9 million, offset by increases of $11.7 million in compensation and benefits expense and $0.5 million
in general and administrative expenses during the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to the year-ago period. The increase in compensation and benefits expense was primarily driven by higher salaries and related payroll taxes due to
an increase in average headcount. Futurestep Adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of fee revenue, was 15% in both the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  
   Other (Loss) Income, Net    
 Other income, net was $3.4 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to other loss, net of $2.7
million in the year-ago period. The change was primarily due to the increase in the fair value of our marketable securities during the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to decreases in the fair value of our marketable securities in the
year-ago period.      Interest Expense, Net    
 Interest expense, net primarily relates to our term loan facility and borrowings under our COLI policies, which is partially
offset by interest earned on cash and cash equivalent balances. Interest expense, net was $5.8 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $0.8 million in the year-ago period. The increase was mainly due to interest expense
associated with the term loan facility that we entered into in the current fiscal year to provide enhanced financial flexibility.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

    Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries    
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries is comprised of our less than 50% interest in IGroup, LLC, which is engaged
in organizing, planning and conducting conferences and training programs throughout the world for directors, chief executive officers, other senior level executives and business leaders, in six months ended October 31, 2016, and also includes
our Mexican subsidiary for the six months ended October 31, 2015. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we obtained control of our Mexico subsidiary and began to consolidate the operations. Equity in earnings was $0.1 million in the six months
ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $1.3 million in the six months ended October 31, 2015. The decrease is due to the consolidation of our Mexico subsidiary for the six months ended October 31, 2016, which is now included in
operations.      Income Tax Provision    
 The provision for income tax was $13.6 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $18.6 million in the
year-ago period. This reflects a 28% and 32% effective tax rate in the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the six months ended October 31, 2016 is due to a higher percentage
of taxable income arising in jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates.      Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest    
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest represents the portion of a subsidiary s net earnings that are
attributable to shares of such subsidiary not held by Korn Ferry that are included in the consolidated results of operations. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we obtained control of our Mexico subsidiary and began to consolidate the operations.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for the six months ended October 31, 2016 was $1.8 million.     Liquidity and Capital Resources
    The Company and its Board of Directors endorse a balanced approach to capital allocation. The Company s first
priority is to invest in growth initiatives, such as the hiring of consultants, the continued development of intellectual property and derivative products and services, and the investment in synergistic accretive M A transactions that earn a
return that is superior to the Company s cost of capital. Next, the Company s capital allocation approach contemplates the planned return of a portion of excess capital to stockholders, in the form of a regular quarterly dividend, subject
to the factors discussed in the  Risk Factors  sections of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending April 30, 2016. Additionally, the Company considers share repurchases on an opportunistic basis and subject to the
terms of our credit agreement.    On June 15, 2016, we entered into a new senior secured $400 million Credit Agreement
with a syndicate of banks and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent, to provide for enhanced financial flexibility and in recognition of the accelerated pace of the Legacy Hay integration. See Note 10  
 Long-Term Debt  for a description of the new credit facility. We drew down $275 million on the new term loan and used $140 million of the proceeds to pay-off the term loan that was outstanding as of April 30, 2016. The remaining funds are
available for working capital and general corporate purposes.    As part of the Legacy Hay acquisition, the Company has
committed to a $40 million retention pool (up to $5 million payable within one year of the closing of the acquisition) for certain employees of Legacy Hay subject to certain circumstances. Of the remaining balance, 50% will be payable within 45 days
after November 30, 2017 and the remaining 50% will be payable within 45 days after November 30, 2018.    On
December 8, 2014, the Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy to distribute, to our stockholders, a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share. Every quarter since the adoption of the dividend policy, the Company has declared a
quarterly dividend. The declaration and payment of future dividends under the quarterly dividend program will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including our earnings, capital requirements, financial
conditions, the terms of our indebtedness and other factors our Board of Directors may deem to be relevant. Our Board of Directors may, however, amend, revoke or suspend our dividend policy at any time and for any reason.  
 On December 8, 2014, the Board of Directors also approved an increase in the Company s stock repurchase program to
an aggregate of $150.0 million. Common stock may be repurchased from time to time in open market or privately negotiated  
      39  

Table of Contents  

transactions at the Company s discretion subject to market conditions and other factors. During the three months ended October 31, 2016, we began to repurchase shares through this
program. We repurchased approximately $6.9 million of the Company s common stock. Any decision to continue to execute our currently outstanding issuer repurchase program will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and
other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors. Our senior secured credit agreement requires that our pro forma leverage ratio, defined as, the ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted EBITDA, is no greater
than 2.50 to 1.00, and our pro forma domestic liquidity is at least $50.0 million as a condition to consummating permitted acquisitions, paying dividends to our shareholders and share repurchases of our common stock.  
 Our performance is subject to the general level of economic activity in the geographic regions and the industries which we
service. We believe, based on current economic conditions, that our cash on hand and funds from operations and the Credit Agreement we entered into on June 15, 2016 will be sufficient to meet anticipated working capital, capital expenditures,
general corporate requirements, repayment of the debt incurred in connection with the Legacy Hay acquisition, the retention pool obligations in connection with the Legacy Hay acquisition, shares repurchases and dividend payments under our dividend
policy during the next twelve months. However, if the national or global economy, credit market conditions, and/or labor markets were to deteriorate in the future, such changes would put negative pressure on demand for our services and affect our
operating cash flows. If these conditions were to persist over an extended period of time, we may incur negative cash flows, and it might require us to access our existing credit facility to meet our capital needs and/or discontinue our dividend
policy.    Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities were $390.0 million and $414.7 million as of
October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively. Net of amounts held in trust for deferred compensation plans and accrued bonuses, cash and marketable securities were $155.4 million and $88.9 million at October 31, 2016 and
April 30, 2016, respectively. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, we held $111.0 million and $129.0 million, respectively of cash and cash equivalents in foreign locations, net of amounts held in trust for deferred compensation
plans and to pay fiscal 2017 and 2016 annual bonuses. If these amounts were distributed to the United States, in the form of dividends, we would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes. The Company has a plan to distribute a small portion of the
cash held in foreign locations to the United States. No deferred tax liability has been recorded because no additional taxes would arise in connection with such distributions. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and highly liquid investments
purchased with original maturities of three months or less. Marketable securities consist of mutual funds in the six months ended October 31, 2016. The primary objectives of our investment in mutual funds are to meet the obligations under
certain of our deferred compensation plans.    As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, marketable securities
included trading securities of $140.0 million (net of gross unrealized gains of $2.4 million and gross unrealized losses of $1.0 million) and $141.4 million (net of gross unrealized gains of $1.4 million and gross unrealized losses of $2.6 million),
respectively, held in trust for settlement of our obligations under certain deferred compensation plans, of which $110.2 million and $130.1 million, respectively, are classified as non-current. Our vested and unvested obligations for which these
assets were held in trust totaled $133.7 million and $138.8 million as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively.  
 The net increase in our working capital of $161.9 million as of October 31, 2016 compared to April 30, 2016 is
primarily attributable to a decrease in compensation and benefits payable and an increase in accounts receivable, offset by a slight decrease in cash and cash equivalents. The decrease in compensation and benefits payable and cash and cash
equivalents was primarily due to payment of annual bonuses earned in fiscal 2016 and paid during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 while accounts receivable increased due to an increase in days of sales outstanding which went from 55 days to 68 days
(which is consistent with historical experience) from April 30, 2016 to October 31, 2016. Cash used in operating activities was $88.6 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 compared to $73.4 million in the year-ago period.
   Cash used in investing activities was $30.8 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016, an increase of $17.9
million, compared to $12.9 million in the year-ago period. Cash used in investing activities was higher primarily due to an increase in the cash used to purchase property and equipment in connection with our co-location activities and a payment made
on the final working capital settlement related to the Legacy Hay acquisition made during the six months ended October 31, 2016, offset with the increase in cash provided by investing activities from the sales/maturities of marketable
securities and net purchase of marketable securities.    Cash provided by financing activities was $108.6 million in the six
months ended October 31, 2016, an increase of $119.5 million, compared to cash used in financing activities of $10.9 million in the year-ago period. Cash provided by financing  
      40  

Table of Contents  

activities increased primarily due to the borrowing of $275.0 million from the new term loan facility in the six months ended October 31, 2016, offset by $140.0 million used to pay-off the
term loan that was outstanding as of April 30, 2016 and the payment of $5.2 million under the current Term Facility. During the second quarter of fiscal 2017, the Company purchased $6.9 million of the Company s common stock under the stock
repurchase program. As of October 31, 2016, $143.1 million remained available for common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program.  
   Cash Surrender Value of Company Owned Life Insurance Policies, Net of Loans    
 The Company purchased COLI policies or contracts insuring the lives of certain employees eligible to participate in the
deferred compensation and pension plans as a means of funding benefits under such plans. As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, we held contracts with gross CSV of $179.2 million and $175.7 million, respectively. Since fiscal
2012, we paid the premiums under our COLI contracts from operating cash, and in prior years, we generally borrowed under our COLI contracts to pay related premiums. Such borrowings do not require annual principal repayments, bear interest primarily
at variable rates and are secured by the CSV of COLI contracts. Total outstanding borrowings against the CSV of COLI contracts were $68.4 million as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016. At October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016,
the net cash value of these policies was $110.9 million and $107.3 million, respectively.      Long-Term Debt    
 On June 15, 2016, we entered into a senior secured $400 million Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with
a syndicate of banks and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent ( to provide for enhanced financial flexibility and in recognition of the accelerated pace of the Hay Group integration). The Credit Agreement provides for,
among other things: (a) a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $275 million (the   Term Facility  (b) a senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Revolver  and together with the
Term Facility, the  Credit Facilities ) in an aggregate principal amount of $125 million, (c) annual term loan amortization of 7.5%, 7.5%, 10.0%, 10.0%, and 10.0%, with the remaining principal due at maturity (d) certain
customary affirmative and negative covenants, including a maximum consolidated total leverage ratio (as defined below) and a minimum interest coverage ratio, and (e) an expanded definition of permitted add-backs to Adjusted EBITDA in
recognition of the accelerated integration actions referenced above. We drew down $275 million on the new term loan and used $140 million of the proceeds to pay-off the term loan that was outstanding as of April 30, 2016. The remaining funds
will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. As of October 31, 2016, we were in compliance with our debt covenants.  
 At our option, loans issued under the Credit Agreement will bear interest at either LIBOR or an alternate base rate, in each
case plus the applicable interest rate margin. The interest rate applicable to loans outstanding under the Credit Facilities may fluctuate between LIBOR plus 1.25% per annum to LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum, in the case of LIBOR borrowings
(or between the alternate base rate plus 0.25% per annum and the alternate base rate plus 1.00% per annum, in the alternative), based upon our total funded debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio (as set forth in the Credit Agreement, the
 consolidated leverage ratio ) at such time. In addition, the Company will be required to pay to the lenders a quarterly fee ranging from 0.20% to 0.35% per annum on the average daily unused amount of the Term Facility, based upon the
Company s consolidated leverage ratio at such time, and fees relating to the issuance of letters of credit.    Both the
Revolver and the Term Facility mature on June 15, 2021 and may be prepaid and terminated early by us at any time without premium or penalty (subject to customary LIBOR breakage fees). The Term Facility is payable in quarterly installments with
the first principal payment of $5.2 million made during the three months ended October 31, 2016. As of October 31, 2016, $269.8 million was outstanding under the Term Facility compared to $140.0 million as of April 30, 2016, under the
previous Facility. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2016, the average rate on the Term Facility was 2.44% and 2.43%, respectively.  
 As of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, we had no borrowings under the Revolver. At October 31, 2016 and
April 30, 2016, there was $3.0 million and $2.8 million, respectively, of standby letters of credit issued under our long-term debt arrangements. We had a total of $6.9 million and $6.4 million of standby letters of credits with other financial
institutions as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively.    We are not aware of any other trends,
demands or commitments that would materially affect liquidity or those that relate to our resources.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements and have not entered into any transactions involving unconsolidated, special purpose
entities. We had no material changes in contractual obligations as of October 31, 2016, as compared to those disclosed in our table of contractual obligations included in our Annual Report.  
  Critical Accounting Policies   
 Preparation of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates
and assumptions and changes in the estimates are reported in current operations as new information is learned or upon the amounts becoming fixed and determinable. In preparing our interim consolidated financial statements and accounting for the
underlying transactions and balances, we apply our accounting policies as disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. We consider the policies related to revenue recognition, performance related bonuses, restructuring, deferred
compensation, carrying values of receivables, goodwill, intangible assets, fair value of contingent consideration, share-based payments and recoverability of deferred income taxes as critical to an understanding of our interim consolidated financial
statements because their application places the most significant demands on management s judgment and estimates. Specific risks for these critical accounting policies are described in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission.
There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies since fiscal 2016.      

Item 3.      
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk        
 As a result of our global operating activities, we are exposed to certain market risks, including foreign currency exchange
fluctuations and fluctuations in interest rates. We manage our exposure to these risks in the normal course of our business as described below.  
  Foreign Currency Risk   
 Substantially all our foreign subsidiaries  operations are measured in their local currencies. Assets and liabilities are
translated into U.S. dollars at the rates of exchange in effect at the end of each reporting period and revenue and expenses are translated at average rates of exchange during the reporting period. Resulting translation adjustments are reported
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net on our consolidated balance sheets.    Transactions entered in
the ordinary course of business, denominated in a currency other than the reporting entity s functional currency, may give rise to foreign currency gains or losses that impact our results of operations. Historically, we have not realized
significant foreign currency gains or losses on such transactions. Foreign currency gains, on an after tax basis, included in net income were $1.3 million in the six months ended October 31, 2016 as compared to foreign currency losses, on an
after tax basis, included in net income of $0.2 million in the six months ended October 31, 2015.    Our exposure to
foreign currency exchange rates is primarily driven by fluctuations involving the following currencies   U.S. Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Euro, Pound Sterling, Brazilian Real, Japanese Yen and Chinese Yuan. Based on balances exposed to
fluctuation in exchange rates between these currencies as of October 31, 2016, a 10% increase or decrease equally in the value of these currencies could result in a foreign exchange gain or loss of $8.1 million. Beginning in the third quarter
of fiscal 2016, we established a program that primarily utilizes foreign currency forward contracts to offset the risks associated with the effects of certain foreign currency exposures which increased as a result of the Legacy Hay acquisition.
These foreign currency forward contracts are neither used for trading purposes nor are they designated as hedging instruments pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging.  
  Interest Rate Risk     Our
exposure to interest rate risk is limited to our Term Facility and borrowings against the CSV of COLI contracts. As of October 31, 2016, there was $269.8 million outstanding under the Term Facility. At our option, loans issued under the Credit
Agreement will bear interest at either LIBOR or an alternate base rate, in each case plus the applicable interest rate margin. The interest rate applicable to loans outstanding under the Credit Facilities may fluctuate between LIBOR plus
1.25% per annum to LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum, in the case of LIBOR borrowings (or between the alternate base rate  
      42  

Table of Contents  

plus 0.25% per annum and the alternate base rate plus 1.00% per annum, in the alternative), based upon the Company s total funded debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio (as set forth in the
Credit Agreement, the  consolidated leverage ratio ) at such time. In addition, the Company is required to pay to the lenders a quarterly fee ranging from 0.20% to 0.35% per annum on the average daily unused amount of the Term
Facility, based upon the Company s consolidated leverage ratio at such time, and fees relating to the issuance of letters of credit. A 100 basis point increase in LIBOR rates would have increased our interest expense by approximately $0.7
million and $1.2 million for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016, respectively. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2016, the average interest rate on the new term loan was 2.44% and 2.43% respectively. We had no
borrowings under the Revolver as of October 31, 2016. We had $68.4 million of borrowings against the CSV of COLI contracts as of October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, bearing interest primarily at variable rates. The risk of
fluctuations in these variable rates is minimized by the fact that we receive a corresponding adjustment to our borrowed funds crediting rate which has the effect of increasing the CSV on our COLI contracts.  

Item 4.      
   Controls and Procedures          (a) Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
conducted as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) are effective.    (b) Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting.    There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the three months ended October 31, 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.      
   Legal Proceedings          From time to time, the Company has
been and is involved in litigation incidental to its business. The Company is currently not a party to any litigation, which, if resolved adversely against the Company, would, in the opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial position or results of operations.      

Item 1A.  
  Risk Factors       In our Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2016,
we described material risk factors facing our business. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. As of the date of this report, there have been no material changes to
the risk factors described in our  Form 10-K.       

Item 2.      
   Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuers Purchases of Equity Securities        
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
 The following table summarizes common stock repurchased by us during the quarter ended October 31, 2016:  

(1) 
   Represents withholding of a portion of restricted shares to cover taxes on vested restricted shares.

(2) 
   On December 8, 2014, the Board of Directors approved an increase in the Company s stock repurchase
program to an aggregate of $150.0 million. The shares can be repurchased in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions at the Company s discretion. We repurchased approximately $6.9 million of the Company s common stock
under the program during the second quarter of fiscal 2017.       Our senior secured credit agreement, dated
June 15, 2016, permits us to pay dividends to our stockholders and make share repurchases so long as our pro forma leverage ratio, defined as, the ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted EBITDA, is no greater than
2.50 to 1.00, and our pro forma domestic liquidity is at least $50.0 million.      

Item 5.  
     Other Information          On December 7, 2016, the
Company issued a press release and filed a Form  8-K  disclosing that its Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.10 per share with a record date of December 20, 2016 and a payment date of
January 16, 2017. Due to the Martin Luther King Jr. holiday (and related federal bank closure on such day), the payment of the dividend will occur on January 17, 2017.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
     Exhibits            

Exhibit   Number  
    
    Description    

10.1*+ 
    
 Third Amended and Restated Korn/Ferry International 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s  Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on October 12,
2016.  

31.1 
    
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act.  

31.2 
    
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act.  

32.1 
    
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

* 
   Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.     

+ 
   Incorporated herein by reference.     
      45  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.        

K ORN /F ERRY  I NTERNATIONAL   

By: 
   
 /s/ Robert P. Rozek  

Robert P. Rozek   

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Corporate Officer   
 
  Date: December 9, 2016  
      46  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       

Exhibit   Number  
   
    Description    

10.1*+ 
   
 Third Amended and Restated Korn/Ferry International 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 12, 2016.  

31.1 
   
 Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act.  

31.2 
   
 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act.  

32.1 
   
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.INS 
   
 XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE 
   
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

* 
   Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.     

+ 
   Incorporated herein by reference.     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d254336dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Gary
D. Burnison, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Korn/Ferry International;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.          

By: 
   
 /s/ GARY D. BURNISON  

Name: 
   
  Gary D. Burnison   

Title: 
   
  Chief Executive Officer and President   
 
  Date: December 9, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d254336dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Robert
P. Rozek, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Korn/Ferry International;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.          

By: 
   
 /s/ ROBERT P. ROZEK  

Name: 
   
  Robert P. Rozek   

Title: 
   
  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Corporate Officer   
 
  Date: December 9, 2016  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d254336dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of
title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officers of Korn/Ferry International, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), hereby certify that, to the best of their knowledge:  
 (a) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 (the  Report ) of the Company
fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    (b)
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    Dated:
December 9, 2016       

By: 
   
 /s/ GARY D. BURNISON  

Name: 
   
  Gary D. Burnison   

Title: 
   
  Chief Executive Officer and President   

By: 
   
 /s/ ROBERT P. ROZEK  

Name: 
   
  Robert P. Rozek   

Title: 
   
  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Corporate Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 kfy-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kfy-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 kfy-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kfy-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kfy-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kfy-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

