<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1620459_0001571049-16-019499_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6846290</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151608</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>334083</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1904170</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2857730</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1408946</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>64</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019499.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104152040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019499
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			James River Group Holdings, Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001620459
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				980585280
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36777
		FILM NUMBER:		161974962

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 PITTS BAY ROAD
		CITY:			PEMBROKE
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 08
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-441-278-4580

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 PITTS BAY ROAD
		CITY:			PEMBROKE
		STATE:			D0
		ZIP:			HM 08

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019499.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 t1602506_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

or  

Transition
                                         report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for
                                         the transition period from _______ to _______     

Commission File Number: 001-36777  

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS,
LTD.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Bermuda  
       
      98-0585280   
 
        (State
        or other jurisdiction of   
           incorporation
        or organization)    
         
        (I.R.S.
        Employer   
           Identification
        No.)     

90 Pitts Bay Road, Pembroke
HM08, Bermuda  

   (Address
of principal executive offices)   

(441) 278-4580  

   (Registrant ' s
telephone number, including area code)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x     No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).    Yes   x   No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the 

Large accelerated filer      
       
     Accelerated filer   x  
       
     Non-accelerated filer      
       
     Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
Yes           No    x  

Number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding
at November 4, 2016: 29,116,496 

James River Group Holdings, Ltd.  

  Form 10-Q  

  Index  

Page    

Number    
 
      PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
     3  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     6  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     7  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     8  

Item 2.  
      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     32  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
     33  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     55  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     55  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
     56  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     56  
 
      Item 1A . 
      Risk Factors  
     56  
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     56  
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     56  
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     56  
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
     56  
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
     56  

Signatures  
     57  

Exhibit Index  
     58  

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, or Quarterly Report, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not
relate strictly to historical or current facts. You can identify forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report by the use
of words such as  anticipates,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   plans 
and  believes,  and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as  will,   should, 
 would,   may  and  could.  These forward-looking statements include, among others, statements
relating to our future financial performance, our business prospects and strategy, anticipated financial position, liquidity and
capital needs and other similar matters. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations
and assumptions about future events, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are
difficult to predict. 

Our actual results
may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report
as a result of various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others: 

the inherent uncertainty of estimating reserves and the
possibility that incurred losses may be greater than our loss and loss adjustment expense reserves; 

inaccurate estimates and judgments in our risk management may expose us to greater risks than intended;   

losses from catastrophic events which substantially exceed our expectations and/or exceed the amount
of reinsurance we have purchased to protect us from such events;   

the potential loss of key members of our management team or key employees and our ability to attract
and retain personnel;   

adverse economic factors;   

a decline in our financial strength rating resulting in a reduction of new or renewal business;   

reliance on a select group of brokers and agents for a significant portion of our business and
the impact of our potential failure to maintain such relationships;   

reliance on a select group of customers for a significant portion of our business and the impact
of our potential failure to maintain such relationships;   

existing or new regulations that may inhibit our ability to achieve our business objectives or
subject us to penalties or suspensions for non-compliance or cause us to incur substantial compliance costs;   

a failure of any of the loss limitations or exclusions we employ;   

potential effects on our business of emerging claim and coverage issues;   

exposure to credit risk, interest rate risk and other market risk in our investment portfolio;   

losses in our investment portfolio;   

the cyclical nature of the insurance and reinsurance industry, resulting in periods during which
we may experience excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates;   

additional government or market regulation;   

the impact of loss settlements made by ceding companies and fronting carriers on our reinsurance
business;   

a forced sale of investments to meet our liquidity needs;   

our ability to obtain reinsurance coverage at reasonable prices or on terms that adequately protect
us;   

our underwriters and other associates taking excessive risks;   

1   

losses resulting from reinsurance counterparties failing to pay us on reinsurance claims or insurance
companies with whom we have a fronting arrangement failing to pay us for claims;   

insufficient capital to fund our operations;   

the potential impact of internal or external fraud, operational errors, systems malfunctions or
cyber security incidents;   

our ability to manage our growth effectively;   

inadequacy of premiums we charge to compensate us for our losses incurred;   

competition within the casualty insurance and reinsurance industry;   

an adverse outcome in a legal action that we are or may become subject to in the course of our
insurance and reinsurance operations;   

in the event we do not qualify for the insurance company exception to the passive foreign investment
company ( PFIC ) rules and are therefore considered a PFIC;   

the Company or our subsidiaries, James River Group Holdings UK Limited, a holding company incorporated
under the laws of England and Wales, or JRG Reinsurance Company, Ltd., a Bermuda domiciled reinsurance company, becoming subject
to U.S. federal income taxation;   

failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;   

the ownership of a significant portion of our outstanding shares by affiliates of D. E. Shaw  
Co. L.P. (the  D.E. Shaw Affiliates ) and their resulting ability to exert significant influence over matters requiring
shareholder approval in a manner that could conflict with the interests of other shareholders and additionally, the D.E. Shaw Affiliates
having certain rights with respect to board representation and approval rights with respect to certain transactions;   

changes in our financial condition, regulations or other factors that may restrict our ability
to pay dividends; and   

other risks and uncertainties disclosed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or  SEC .   

Accordingly, you should
read this Quarterly Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from
what we expect. 

Forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date of this Quarterly Report. Except as expressly required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
of the SEC, we do not have any obligation, and do not undertake, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances arising after the date of this Quarterly Report, whether as a result of new information or future events or otherwise.
You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report or that may be made elsewhere
from time to time by us, or on our behalf. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary
statements. 

2   

PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes. 

3   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
(continued)  

See accompanying notes. 

4   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income and Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes. 

5   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Changes in Shareholders  Equity (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes.  

6   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes. 

7   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

1.    Accounting Policies  

Organization  

James River Group
Holdings, Ltd. (referred to as  JRG Holdings  or, with its subsidiaries, the  Company ) is an exempted
holding company registered in Bermuda, organized for the purpose of acquiring and managing insurance and reinsurance entities. 

The Company owns six
insurance companies based in the United States ( U.S. ) focused on specialty insurance niches and a Bermuda-based reinsurance
company as described below: 

James River Group Holdings UK Limited ( James River UK ) is an insurance holding company
formed in 2015 in the United Kingdom ( U.K. ). The Company contributed James River Group, Inc. ( James River
Group ), a U.S. insurance holding company, to James River UK in 2015.   

James River Group is a Delaware domiciled insurance holding company which owns all of the Company s
U.S.-based subsidiaries, either directly or indirectly through one of its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries. James River Group oversees
the Company s U.S. insurance operations and maintains all of the outstanding U.S. debt.   

James
                                         River Insurance Company is an Ohio domiciled
                                         excess and surplus lines insurance company that, with its wholly-owned insurance subsidiary,
                                         James River Casualty Company, is authorized to write business in every state, the District
                                         of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.   

Falls
                                         Lake National Insurance Company is an Ohio domiciled insurance company which wholly-owns
                                         Stonewood Insurance Company ( Stonewood Insurance ), a North Carolina domiciled
                                         company, Falls Lake General Insurance Company, an Ohio domiciled company, and Falls Lake
                                         Fire and Casualty Company, a California domiciled company. Falls Lake Fire and Casualty
                                         Company began operations in June of 2016.   

Stonewood Insurance is a workers  compensation insurance company that writes insurance primarily
for the residential construction and light manufacturing industries. Stonewood Insurance writes workers  compensation coverage
in North Carolina, Virginia, South Carolina, and Tennessee.   

JRG Reinsurance Company, Ltd. ( JRG Re ) is a Bermuda domiciled reinsurer that provides
reinsurance to U.S. third parties and to the Company s U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries.   

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements and notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ) for interim financial information and do not contain all of the information and footnotes required by U.S.
GAAP for complete financial statements. The condensed consolidated financial statements include the results of the Company and
its subsidiaries from their respective dates of inception or acquisition, as applicable. Readers are encouraged to review the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a more complete description of the Company s business
and accounting policies. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the condensed consolidated
financial statements have been included. Such adjustments consist only of normal recurring items. Interim results are not necessarily
indicative of results of operations for the full year. The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 was derived from
the Company s audited annual consolidated financial statements. 

Significant intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

8   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

1.    Accounting Policies (continued)  

Estimates and Assumptions  

Preparation of the
condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying disclosures. Those estimates
are inherently subject to change, and actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. 

Variable Interest Entities  

Entities that do not
have sufficient equity at risk to allow the entity to finance its activities without additional financial support or in which the
equity investors, as a group, do not have the characteristic of a controlling financial interest are referred to as variable interest
entities ( VIE ). A VIE is consolidated by the variable interest holder that is determined to have the controlling
financial interest (primary beneficiary) as a result of having both (1) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE s economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE
that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of an entity subject
to consolidation based on a qualitative assessment of the VIE s capital structure, contractual terms, nature of the VIE s
operations and purpose, and the Company s relative exposure to the related risks of the VIE on the date it becomes initially
involved in the VIE. The Company reassesses its VIE determination with respect to an entity on an ongoing basis. 

The Company holds
interests in VIEs through certain equity method investments in limited liability companies ( LLCs ) included
in  other invested assets  in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. The Company has determined that
it should not consolidate any of the VIEs as it is not the primary beneficiary in any of the relationships. Although the investments
resulted in the Company holding variable interests in the entities, they did not empower the Company to direct the activities
that most significantly impact the economic performance of the entities. The Company s investments related to these VIEs
totaled $25.6 million and $26.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, representing the
Company s maximum exposure to loss. 

Prospective Accounting Standards  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606) , which creates a new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will serve as a single source of revenue guidance
for all companies in all industries. The guidance applies to all companies that either enter into contracts with customers to transfer
goods or services or enter into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets, unless those contracts are within the scope
of other standards, such as insurance contracts. Under this guidance, a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised
goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under the current
guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration
to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. ASU No. 2014-09
becomes effective for the Company during the first quarter of 2018 and must be applied retrospectively. The Company is currently
evaluating ASU No. 2014-09 to determine the potential impact that adopting this standard will have on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In
May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-09,  Insurance (Topic 944), Disclosures about Short-Duration Contracts . ASU 2015-09 requires
additional disclosures about short-duration contracts. The disclosures will focus on the liability for the reserves for losses
and loss adjustment expenses. ASU 2015-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods
within annual periods beginning after December 31, 2016. 

9   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

While increased disclosures
will be required by this ASU, the Company does not believe adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . Among other things, this ASU will require equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of
accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized
in net income. This ASU is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Upon adoption,
a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet will be made as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The Company
has not yet completed the analysis of how adopting this ASU will affect our consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . Under current guidance for lessees, leases are only included on the balance sheet if certain criteria, classifying the agreement
as a capital lease, are met. This update will require the recognition of a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability,
discounted to the present value, for all leases that extend beyond 12 months. This ASU is effective for annual and interim reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. Upon adoption, leases will be recognized and measured at
the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating ASU
2016-02 to determine the potential impact that adopting this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting , to simplify the accounting for share-based payment awards. The guidance requires that, prospectively, all
tax effects related to share-based payments be made through the income statement at the time of settlement as opposed to excess
tax benefits being recognized in additional paid-in capital under the current guidance . The  ASU
also removes the requirement to delay recognition of a tax benefit until it reduces current taxes payable. This change is required
to be applied on a modified retrospective basis, with a cumulative-effect adjustment to opening retained earnings. Additionally,
all tax related cash flows resulting from share-based payments are to be reported as operating activities on the statement of cash
flows, a change from the current requirement to present tax benefits as an inflow from financing activities and an outflow from
operating activities. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating ASU 2016-09 to determine the potential impact that adopting the standard will have on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments.  This ASU was issued to provide more information about the expected credit losses on financial
instruments. Current GAAP delays the recognition of credit losses until it is probable a loss has been incurred. The update will
require financial assets measured at amortized cost, such as bank loan participations held for investment, to be presented at
the net amount expected to be collected by means of an allowance for credit losses that runs through net income. Credit losses
relating to available-for-sale debt securities will also be recorded through an allowance for credit losses, with the amount of
the allowance limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. This ASU is effective for annual and interim reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Upon adoption, this ASU is will be applied using the modified-retrospective approach,
by which a cumulative-effect adjustment will be made to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period presented.
The Company has not yet completed the analysis of how adopting this ASU will affect Company s financial statements. 

In
August 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments . ASU 2016-15 was issued to reduce the diversity in practice of how certain cash receipts and payments are classified
in the statement of cash flows. The update addresses specific issues, including distributions received from equity method investees
and the classification of cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than one class of cash flows. This ASU is effective
for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Upon adoption, the update will be applied using the
retrospective transition method. The Company has not yet completed the analysis of how adopting this ASU will affect our financial
statements, but does not expect a material impact on our statement of cash flows. 

10   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

2.    Investments  

The Company s
available-for-sale investments are summarized as follows: 

11   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

2.    Investments (continued)  

The amortized cost and fair value of available-for-sale
investments in fixed maturity securities at September 30, 2016 are summarized, by contractual maturity, as follows: 

Actual maturities
may differ for some securities because borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. 

The following table
shows the Company s gross unrealized losses and fair value for available-for-sale securities aggregated by investment category
and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position: 

12   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

2.    Investments (continued)  

The Company held securities
of 68 issuers at September 30, 2016 that were in an unrealized loss position with a total fair value of $123.3 million and gross
unrealized losses of $4.9 million. None of the fixed maturity securities with unrealized losses has ever missed, or been delinquent
on, a scheduled principal or interest payment. 

At September 30, 2016,
86.6% of the Company s fixed maturity security portfolio was rated  A-  or better by Standard   Poor s
or received an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized rating agency. Fixed maturity securities with ratings below
investment grade by Standard   Poor s or another nationally recognized rating agency at September 30, 2016 had an aggregate
fair value of $10.9 million and an aggregate net unrealized loss of $2.5 million. 

Management concluded
that none of the fixed maturity securities with an unrealized loss at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015 experienced an other-than-temporary
impairment. Management does not intend to sell available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position, and it is not  more
likely than not  that the Company will be required to sell these securities before a recovery in their value to their amortized
cost basis occurs. Management also concluded that none of the equity securities with an unrealized loss at September 30, 2016 or
December 31, 2015 experienced an other-than-temporary impairment. Management has evaluated the near-term prospects of these equity
securities in relation to the severity and duration of the impairment, and management has the ability and intent to hold these
securities until a recovery of their fair value. 

At March 31, 2015,
the Company held two municipal bonds issued by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico with a total par value of $4.5 million. Puerto Rico s
weak economic conditions and heavy debt burden heightened the risk of default on the bonds and management concluded that the bonds,
which had been downgraded to below investment grade, were other-than-temporarily impaired at March 31, 2015. The Company recognized
impairment losses of $660,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2015. The bonds were sold during the second quarter of
2015 and a net realized gain of $22,000 was recognized on the sales. 

13   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

2.    Investments (continued)  

At
December 31, 2015, the Company held participations in two loans issued by companies that produce and supply power to Puerto Rico
through power purchase agreements with Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ( PREPA ), a public corporation and governmental
agency of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. PREPA s credit strength and ability to make timely payments was impacted by the
economic conditions in Puerto Rico, thus raising doubt about the companies  ability to meet the debt obligations held by
the Company. Management concluded that the loans were impaired at December 31, 2015. The allowance for credit losses on the loans
was $414,000. The loans had a carrying value of $3.9 million and unpaid principal of $4.6 million at December 31, 2015. Since
that time, one of the loans was repaid in full at its scheduled maturity in June 2016. Management concluded that the remaining
loan, scheduled to mature in 2017, remained impaired at September 30, 2016. The allowance for credit losses on the loan
was $208,000 at September 30, 2016. The loan had a carrying value of $2.0 million and unpaid principal of $2.3 million at September
30, 2016. 

The
Company s bank loan portfolio includes loans to oil and gas companies in the energy sector. The market values of
these loans were impacted by declining energy prices. At September 30, 2016, the Company s oil and gas exposure was in five
bank loans and one bond with a total carrying value of $15.4 million and an unrealized loss of $1.6 million.
Management concluded that two of these loans were impaired as of December 31, 2015. At December 31, 2015, the loans had a carrying
value of $1.7 million, unpaid principal of $5.8 million and an allowance for credit losses of $3.9 million. At September 30, 2016,
one of these loans was impaired with a carrying value of $1.3 million, unpaid principal of $2.2 million and an allowance for credit
losses of $852,000. All of the other loans are current at September 30, 2016. 

Management
also concluded that two non-energy sector loans were impaired at September 30, 2016 (one non-energy sector loan was impaired at
December 31, 2015). At September 30, 2016, the impaired loans had a carrying value of $6.4 million, unpaid principal of $7.3
million, and an allowance for credit losses of $903,000. At December 31, 2015, the one impaired loan had a carrying value of $689,000,
unpaid principal of $722,000, and an allowance for credit losses of $34,000. 

The
aggregate allowance for credit losses was $2.0 million at September 30, 2016 on four impaired loans with a total carrying value
of $9.7 million and unpaid principal of $11.8 million. At December 31, 2015, the aggregate allowance for credit losses was $4.3
million on five impaired loans with a total carrying value of $6.3 million and unpaid principal of $11.1 million. 

Bank
loan participations generally have a credit rating that is below investment grade (i.e. below  BBB-  for Standard  
Poor s) at the date of purchase. These bank loans are primarily senior, secured floating-rate debt rated  BB ,
 B  or  CCC  by Standard   Poor s or an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized
rating agency. These bank loans include assignments of, and participations in, performing and non-performing senior corporate debt
generally acquired through primary bank syndications and in secondary markets. Bank loans consist of, but are not limited to, term
loans, the funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit loans, and other similar loans and investments. Management believed
that it was probable at the time that these loans were acquired that the Company would be able to collect all contractually required
payments receivable. 

Generally, the accrual of interest on a bank
loan participation is discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become 90 days past due or management
has serious doubts about further collectability of principal or interest. A bank loan participation may remain on accrual status
if it is in the process of collection and is either guaranteed or well secured. Generally, bank loan participations are restored
to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable
period of time, and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. Interest
received on nonaccrual loans generally is reported as investment income. There were no bank loans on nonaccrual status at September
30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

14   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

2.    Investments (continued)  

The
allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level believed adequate by management to absorb estimated probable credit losses.
Management s periodic evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance is based on consultations and a dvice  of
the Company s independent investment manager, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect
the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, current economic conditions, and other
relevant factors. The Company generally records an allowance equal to the difference between the fair value and the amortized cost
of bank loans that it has determined to be impaired as a practical expedient for an estimate of probable future cash flows to be
collected on those bank loans. Bank loans are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted
and the potential for recovery is considered remote.  

The
average recorded investment in impaired bank loans was $8.0 million and $6.3 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. Investment income of $237,000 and $139,000, respectively, was recognized during the time within those
periods that the loans were impaired. The Company recorded realized losses of $663,000 and $53,000, respectively, in the three
months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 for changes in the fair value of impaired bank loans. In the three months and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded realized gains of $143,000 and $346,000, respectively, for changes in the
fair value of impaired bank loans. 

Changes
in unrealized gains or losses on securities held for trading are recorded as trading gains or losses within net investment income.
Net investment income for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $5,000 and $23,000, respectively,
of net trading gains related to securities held at September 30, 2016. 

The Company s realized gains and
losses are summarized as follows: 

Realized investment
gains or losses are determined on a specific identification basis. 

15   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

2.    Investments (continued)  

The
Company invests selectively in private debt and equity opportunities. These investments, which together comprise the Company s
other invested assets, are primarily focused in renewable energy, limited partnerships, and bank holding companies. 

(a)     The Company s Corporate and Other segment owns equity interests
ranging from 2.7% to 33.3% in various LLCs whose principal objective is capital appreciation and income generation from owning
and operating renewable energy production facilities (wind and solar). The LLCs are managed by an affiliate of the Company s
largest shareholder and the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has invested in certain of these LLCs. The equity
method is used to account for the Company s LLC investments.  Income for the LLCs primarily reflects adjustments to
the carrying values of investments in renewable energy projects to their determined fair values. The fair value adjustments are
included in revenues for the LLCs. Expenses for the LLCs are not significant and are comprised of administrative and interest expenses.
The Company received cash distributions from these investments totaling $2.4 million and $3.1 million in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

(b)    The Company has held investments in bridge loans for renewable energy
projects. The notes, all with affiliates of the Company s largest shareholder, generally matured in less than one year and
carried primarily variable rates of interest ranging from 7.3% to 15.0%. O riginal discounts and commitment fees received
were recognized over the terms of the notes under the effective interest method. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the outstanding balance of a $6.5 million note was fully repaid. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company invested
$36.3 million in these notes and received repayments of $7.0 million.   

(c)     The
                                         Company owns investments in limited partnerships that invest in concentrated portfolios
                                         of high yield bonds of companies undergoing financial stress, publicly-traded small cap
                                         equities, loans of middle market private equity sponsored companies, and equity tranches
                                         of collateralized loan obligations (CLOs). Income from the partnerships is recognized
                                         under the equity method of accounting. The Company s Corporate and Other segment
                                         held investments in limited partnerships of $2.3 million at September 30, 2016 and recognized
                                         investment income of $178,000 and investment losses of $665,000 for the nine months ended
                                         September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
                                         the Company is an investor in one limited partnership held by the Corporate and Other
                                         segment. The Company s Excess and Surplus Lines segment holds investments in limited
                                         partnerships of $20.0 million at September 30, 2016. Investment income of $3.6 million
                                         was recognized on the investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the
                                         nine months ended September 30, 2015, investment losses of $447,000 were recognized on
                                         the investments. At September 30, 2016, the Company s Excess and Surplus Lines
                                         segment has an outstanding commitment to invest another $1.6 million in a limited partnership
                                         that invests in loans of middle market private equity sponsored companies.    

16   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

2.    Investments (continued)    

(d)     The Company holds $4.5 million of subordinated notes issued by a bank
holding company. Interest on the notes, which matures August 12, 2023, is fixed at 7.6% per annum. Interest income on the notes
was $257,000 in both nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is
the Lead Independent Director of the bank holding company and is an investor in the bank holding company. Additionally, one of
the Company s directors in an investor in the bank holding company and a lender to the bank holding company. The Company s
Chief Financial Officer is a former investor in the bank holding company.    

The
Company holds common shares issued by the bank holding company. The shares, which are publicly traded, are classified as available-for-sale
equity securities and carried at fair value ($8.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $8.4 million at December 31, 2015). Income
of $266,000 was recognized on the shares for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The
Company holds a $1.0 million certificate of deposit issued by the bank holding company. The certificate of deposit, which matures
on December 19, 2016, is carried as a short-term investment. Interest income of $3,000 and $4,000 was recognized on this investment
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Two
of the Company s directors were members of the board of managers of First Wind Capital, LLC ( First Wind ) until
January 20, 2015. First Wind is an affiliate of the Company s largest shareholder. At December 31, 2014, the Company held
fixed maturity securities with a fair value of $12.6 million issued by First Wind. These securities were called in March 2015,
resulting in a realized gain of $845,000. Also at December 31, 2014, the Company held a bank loan participation with a carrying
value of $4.6 million from an affiliate of First Wind. The loan was repaid in full in January 2015. 

3.    Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

On December 11, 2007,
the Company completed an acquisition of James River Group by acquiring 100% of the outstanding shares of James River Group common
stock, referred to herein as the  Merger . The transaction was accounted for under the purchase method of accounting,
and goodwill and intangible assets were recognized by the Company as a result of the transaction. Goodwill resulting from the Merger
was $181.8 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

17   

JAMES
                                         RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

3.    Goodwill and Intangible Assets (continued)  

The gross carrying amounts and accumulated amortization for
each major specifically identifiable intangible asset class were as follows: 

4.    Earnings Per Share  

The following represents
a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations contained in the condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

Common share equivalents
relate to stock options and restricted share units ( RSU s ). For the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, all common share equivalents are dilutive. For the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2015, common share equivalents of 10,627 and 5,761 shares, respectively, are excluded from the calculations of diluted earnings
per share as their effects are anti-dilutive. 

18   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

5.    Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses  

The following table
provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending reserve balances for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance,
to the gross amounts reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets: 

A $5.3 million reserve
redundancy developed in the three months ended September 30, 2016 on the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses held at
December 31, 2015. This favorable reserve development included $5.8 million of favorable development in the Excess and Surplus
Lines segment primarily from the 2013, 2014 and 2015 accident years. This favorable development occurred because our actuarial
studies at September 30, 2016 for the Excess and Surplus Lines segment indicated that our loss experience on our casualty business
continues to be below our initial expected loss ratios. The Company also experienced $1.6 million of favorable development on prior
accident years for the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment primarily from the 2013, 2014 and 2015 accident years. The Casualty
Reinsurance segment experienced $2.0 million of adverse reserve development on prior accident years primarily from two contracts
from the 2012 and 2013 years that had higher than expected reported losses in the quarter. 

The Company experienced
$9.6 million of favorable reserve development in the three months ended September 30, 2015 on the reserve for losses
and loss adjustment expenses held at December 31, 2014. This reserve development included $10.1 million of favorable development
in the Excess and Surplus Lines segment, primarily from the 2014 and 2013 accident years. This favorable development occurred because
our actuarial studies at September 30, 2015 for the Excess and Surplus Lines segment indicated that our loss experience on
our casualty business continued to be below our initial expected loss ratios. The Company also experienced $2.0 million of favorable
development on prior accident years for the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment. The favorable development in the Excess and Surplus
Lines and Specialty Admitted Insurance segments was partially offset by $2.5 million of adverse reserve development in the Casualty
Reinsurance segment, primarily related to one reinsurance relationship from the 2012 and 2011 underwriting years that experienced
higher loss development in 2015 than expected. 

19   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

5.    Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses  

A $14.7 million reserve
redundancy developed in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 on the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses held at
December 31, 2015. This favorable reserve development included $13.8 million of favorable development in the Excess and Surplus
Lines segment primarily from the 2013, 2014 and 2015 accident years. This favorable development occurred because our actuarial
studies at September 30, 2016 for the Excess and Surplus Lines segment indicated that our loss experience on our casualty business
continues to be below our initial expected loss ratios. The Company also experienced $2.5 million of favorable development on prior
accident years for the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment primarily from accident years 2010 through 2014. The Casualty Reinsurance
segment experienced $1.5 million of adverse reserve development on prior accident years primarily from two contracts from 2012
and 2013 that had higher than expected reported losses in 2016. 

A $14.6 million reserve
redundancy developed in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 on the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses held at
December 31, 2014. This favorable reserve development included $18.5 million of favorable development in the Excess
and Surplus Lines segment primarily from the 2014 and 2013 accident years. This favorable development occurred because our actuarial
studies at September 30, 2015 for the Excess and Surplus Lines segment indicated that our loss experience on our casualty business
continues to be below our initial expected loss ratios. The Company also experienced $2.2 million of favorable development on
prior accident years for the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment. The favorable development in the Excess and Surplus Lines and
Specialty Admitted Insurance segments was partially offset by $6.0 million of adverse reserve development in the Casualty Reinsurance
segment, primarily related to one reinsurance relationship from the 2012 and 2011 underwriting years that experienced higher loss
development in 2015 than expected. 

6.    Other Comprehensive
                                         (Loss) Income  

The following table
summarizes the components of comprehensive income: 

20   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

7.    Commitments and Contingent Liabilities  

The Company is a party
to various lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of its operations. The Company believes that the ultimate resolution of these
matters will not materially impact its financial position, cash flows, or results of operations. 

The Company s reinsurance subsidiary,
JRG Re, entered into two letter of credit facilities with banks as security to third-party reinsureds on reinsurance assumed by
JRG Re. JRG Re has established custodial accounts to secure these letters of credit. Under a $100.0 million facility, $88.8 million
of letters of credit were issued through September 30, 2016, which were secured by deposits of $104.8 million. Under
a $102.5 million facility, $39.0 million of letters of credit were issued through September 30, 2016, which were secured by deposits
of $50.5 million. JRG Re has also established trust accounts to secure its obligations to selected reinsureds. The total amount
deposited in the trust accounts for the benefit of third-party reinsured was $252.5 million at September 30, 2016. 

8.    Segment Information  

The Company has four
reportable segments: the Excess and Surplus Lines segment, the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment, the Casualty Reinsurance segment,
and the Corporate and Other segment. Segment profit (loss) is measured by underwriting profit (loss), which is generally defined
as net earned premiums less loss and loss adjustment expenses and other operating expenses of the operating segments. Fee income
and expenses of the Excess and Surplus Lines segment is included in that segment s underwriting profit (loss). Fee income
of the Excess and Surplus Lines segment of $2.1 million and $(595,000) was included in underwriting profit for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, fee income included in
underwriting profit was $7.2 million and $1.8 million, respectively. Segment results are reported prior to the effects of intercompany
reinsurance agreements among the Company s insurance subsidiaries. 

The following table summarizes the Company s
segment results: 

21   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

8.    Segment Information (continued)  

22   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

8.    Segment Information (continued)  

The following table reconciles the underwriting
profit (loss) of the operating segments by individual segment to consolidated income before taxes: 

9.    Other Operating Expenses and Other Expenses  

Other operating expenses
consist of the following: 

23   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

9.    Other Operating Expenses and Other Expenses (continued)  

Other expenses for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 total $(43,000) and $36,000, and $69,000 and $207,000 respectively. 
Other expenses include filing fees, expenses associated with the Company s minority investment in a partnership that was
involved in the construction of a building that the Company was deemed to own for accounting purposes, and due diligence costs
for various merger and acquisition activities which were not consummated. 

10.    Fair Value Measurements  

Three levels of inputs
are used to measure fair value of financial instruments: (1) Level 1: quoted price (unadjusted) in active markets for identical
assets, (2) Level 2: inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets,
and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the
instrument, and (3) Level 3: inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable for the asset or liability. 

Fair value is defined
as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous
market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 

To measure fair value,
the Company obtains quoted market prices for its investment securities. If a quoted market price is not available, the Company
uses prices of similar securities. Values for U.S. Treasury and publicly-traded equity securities are generally based on Level
1 inputs which use the market approach valuation technique. The values for all other fixed maturity securities (including state
and municipal securities and obligations of U.S. government corporations and agencies) generally incorporate significant Level
2 inputs, and in some cases, Level 3 inputs, using the market approach and income approach valuation techniques. There have been
no changes in the Company s use of valuation techniques since January 1, 2015. 

The Company reviews
fair value prices provided by its outside investment managers for reasonableness by comparing the fair values provided by the managers
to those provided by its investment custodian. The Company also reviews and monitors changes in unrealized gains and losses. The
Company has not historically adjusted security prices. The Company obtains an understanding of the methods, models and inputs used
by the investment managers and independent pricing services, and controls are in place to validate that prices provided represent
fair values. The Company s control process includes, but is not limited to, initial and ongoing evaluation of the methodologies
used, a review of specific securities and an assessment for proper classification within the fair value hierarchy, and obtaining
and reviewing internal control reports for our investment manager that obtains fair values from independent pricing services. 

24   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

10.    Fair Value Measurements (continued)  

Assets measured at
fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 are summarized below: 

25   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

10.    Fair Value Measurements (continued)  

Assets measured at
fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2015 are summarized below: 

The beginning and
ending balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level
3) consist of one available-for-sale fixed maturity security with a fair value of $5.0 million, and there was no activity (purchases,
sales, transfers) involving Level 3 securities for the three months or nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. A market
approach using prices in trades of comparable securities was utilized to determine the fair value of this security at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Transfers out of Level
3 occur when the Company is able to obtain reliable prices from pricing vendors for securities for which the Company was previously
unable to obtain reliable prices. Transfers to Level 3 occur when the Company is unable to obtain reliable prices for securities
from pricing vendors and instead must use broker price quotes to value the securities. 

26   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

10.    Fair Value Measurements (continued)  

There were no transfers
between Level 1 and Level 2 during the three months or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. The Company recognizes
transfers between levels at the beginning of the reporting period. 

There were no realized
gains or losses included in earnings for the three months or nine months ended September 30, 2016 attributable to the
change in unrealized gains or losses relating to Level 3 assets valued at fair value on a recurring basis that are still held at
September 30, 2016. 

The Company measures
certain bank loan participations at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the year as part of the Company s impairment
evaluation when loans are determined by management to be impaired. 

Assets measured at
fair value on a nonrecurring basis are summarized below: 

Bank loan participations
held-for-investment that were determined to be impaired were carried at their fair value of $7.7 million at September 30, 2016
and $2.3 million at December 31, 2015. 

In the determination
of the fair value for bank loan participations and certain high yield bonds, the Company s outside investment manager
endeavors to obtain data from multiple external pricing sources. External pricing sources may include brokers, dealers and price
data vendors that provide a composite price based on prices from multiple dealers. Such external pricing sources typically provide
valuations for normal institutional size trading units of such securities using methods based on market transactions for comparable
securities, and various relationships between securities, as generally recognized by institutional dealers. For investments in
which the outside investment manager determines that only one external pricing source is appropriate or if only one external
price is available, the relevant investment is generally recorded at fair value based on such price. 

Investments for which
external sources are not available or are determined by the outside investment manager not to be representative of fair
value are recorded at fair value as determined by the outside investment manager. In determining the fair value of such
investments, the outside investment manager considers one or more of the following factors: type of security held, convertibility
or exchangeability of the security, redeemability of the security (including timing of redemptions), application of industry accepted
valuation models, recent trading activity, liquidity, estimates of liquidation value, purchase cost, and prices received for securities
with similar terms of the same issuer or similar issuers. At September 30, 2016, there were bank loan participations with an unpaid
principal balance of $2.7 million and a carrying value of $2.3 million for which external sources were unavailable to determine
fair value. 

27   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

10.    Fair Value Measurements (continued)  

At December 31, 2015, there were
bank loan participations with an unpaid principal balance of $5.3 million and a carrying value of $4.6 million for which external
sources were unavailable to determine fair value. 

The fair values of
fixed maturity securities and equity securities have been determined using quoted market prices for securities traded in the public
market or prices using bid or closing prices for securities not traded in the public marketplace. The fair values of cash and cash
equivalents and short-term investments approximate their carrying values due to their short-term maturity. 

The fair values of
other invested assets-notes receivable, senior debt, and junior subordinated debt at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 were determined by calculating the present value of expected future cash flows under the terms of the note agreements
or debt agreements, as applicable, discounted at an estimated market rate of interest at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. For notes receivable maturing within one year, carrying value was used to approximate fair value. 

The fair values of
bank loan participations held-for-investment, senior debt, and junior subordinated debt at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 were determined using inputs to the valuation methodology that are unobservable (Level 3). 

11.    Capital Stock and Equity Awards  

The Company issued
174,949 common shares in the first nine months of 2016 related to stock option exercises, increasing the number of common shares
outstanding to 29,116,496 at September 30, 2016. 

28   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

11.    Capital Stock and Equity Awards (continued)  

The Board of Directors declared the following
dividends during the first nine months of 2016 and 2015: 

Equity Incentive Plans   

The Company s
shareholders have approved various equity incentive plans, including the Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan (the  Legacy
Plan ), the 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan ( 2014 LTIP ), and the 2014 Non-Employee Director Incentive Plan ( 2014
Director Plan ) (collectively, the  Plans ). All awards issued under the Plans are issued at the discretion of
the Board of Directors. Under the Legacy Plan, employees received non-qualified stock options. Options are outstanding under the
Legacy Plan; however, no additional awards may be granted. 

Employees are eligible
to receive non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, share appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted shares,
restricted share units ( RSUs ), and other awards under the 2014 LTIP. The maximum number of shares available for issuance
under the 2014 LTIP is 3,171,150, and at September 30, 2016, 1,116,334 shares are available for grant. 

Non-employee directors
of the Company are eligible to receive non-qualified stock options, share appreciation rights, performance shares, restricted shares,
restricted share units, and other awards under the 2014 Director Plan. The maximum number of shares available for issuance under
the 2014 Director Plan is 50,000, and at September 30, 2016, 36,552 shares are available for grant. 

All options issued
under the Legacy Plan vest in the event of a change in control. Generally, awards issued under the 2014 LTIP and 2014 Director
Plan vest immediately in the event that an award recipient is terminated without Cause (as defined), and in the case of the 2014
LTIP for Good Reason (as defined), during the 12-month period following a Change in Control (as defined). 

On February 16, 2016,
the Board of Directors granted awards under the 2014 LTIP and 2014 Director Plan to the Company s employees and directors.
Non-qualified stock options for 706,203 shares were granted with an exercise price of $32.07 per share and a three year vesting
period. RSUs for 58,663 shares were also awarded with a fair value on the date of grant of $32.07 per share. The RSUs vest over
one to three year periods, depending on the award. 

On May 3, 2016, the
Board of Directors granted RSU awards for 1,628 shares under the 2014 Director Plan. The RSUs vest over one year and the fair
value on the date of grant was $30.69. 

29   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

11.    Capital Stock and Equity Awards (continued)  

Options   

The following table summarizes the option
activity: 

RSUs   

The following table
summarizes the RSU activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Compensation Expense   

Share based compensation
expense is recognized on a straight line basis over the vesting period. The amount of expense and related tax benefit is summarized
below: 

30   

JAMES RIVER GROUP HOLDINGS, LTD. AND
SUBSIDIARIES  

Notes
to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

11.    Capital Stock and Equity Awards (continued)  

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had $8.7 million of unrecognized share based compensation expense expected to be charged to earnings over a weighted-average
period of 1.9 years. The weighted-average remaining contractual life of the options outstanding and options exercisable was 4.6
years and 3.2 years, respectively. 

On November 1,
2016, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per common share, payable on December 29, 2016. Also
on November 1, 2016, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $1.35 per common share, payable on December
29, 2016. 

31   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed
in the sections entitled  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
or  Quarterly Report , and Part I, Item 1A  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year ending December 31, 2016, or for any other future period. The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes
thereto included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, and in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015.   

The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with United States ( U.S. ) generally
accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and include the accounts of James River Group Holdings, Ltd. and its subsidiaries
( JRG Holdings  or the  Company ). Unless the context indicates or suggests otherwise, references to  JRG
Holdings ,  the Company ,  we ,  us  and  our  refer to James River Group
Holdings, Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 

Our Business  

JRG Holdings is a
Bermuda-based insurance holding company. We own and operate a group of specialty insurance and reinsurance companies with the objective
of generating compelling returns on tangible equity while limiting volatility. We seek to do this by earning profits from insurance
underwriting while opportunistically investing our capital to grow tangible equity for our shareholders. 

Our underwriting
profit for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $8.4 million and $17.8 million, respectively. In the
prior year, for the same periods, we had an underwriting profit of $13.5 million and $18.7 million, respectively. As described
herein, we recognized favorable reserve development of $5.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $9.6 million of favorable development for the same period in the prior year. Additionally, we recognized favorable development
of $14.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $14.6 million for the same period in the prior year. 

We are organized into
four reportable segments, which are separately managed business units: 

The
                                         Excess and Surplus Lines segment offers commercial excess and surplus lines liability
                                         and property insurance in every U.S. state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and
                                         the U.S. Virgin Islands through James River Insurance Company ( James River Insurance )
                                         and its wholly-owned subsidiary, James River Casualty Company;   

The Specialty Admitted Insurance segment focuses on niche classes within the standard insurance
markets, such as workers  compensation coverage for residential contractors, light manufacturing operations, transportation
workers and healthcare workers in North Carolina, Virginia, South Carolina, and Tennessee. This segment also focuses on fronting
and program business, where we retain a small percentage of the risk and seek to earn fee income by allowing other carriers and
producers to use our licensure, ratings and infrastructure. This segment has admitted licenses in 48 states and the District of
Columbia. While this segment has historically focused on workers  compensation business, the majority of our gross written
premium in this segment is now from fronting and program business;   

The Casualty Reinsurance segment provides working layer reinsurance to third parties (primarily
through reinsurance intermediaries) and to our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries (primarily through quota share reinsurance), through
JRG Reinsurance Company, Ltd. ( JRG Re ), a Bermuda-based reinsurance company; and   

The Corporate and Other segment consists of the management and treasury activities of our holding
companies, interest expense associated with our debt, and expenses of our holding companies, including public company expenses
that are not reimbursed by our insurance segments.   

32   

All of our insurance
and reinsurance subsidiaries have financial strength ratings of  A  (Excellent) from A.M. Best Company ( A.M.
Best ). 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

In preparing the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the condensed consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting period. Actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. 

The most critical
accounting policies involve significant estimates and include those used in determining the reserve for losses and loss adjustment
expenses, investment valuation and impairment, goodwill and intangible assets, and assumed reinsurance premiums. For a detailed
discussion of each of these policies, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. There have
been no significant changes to any of these policies during the current year. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following table summarizes
our results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1) Net retention is defined as
the ratio of net written premiums to gross written premiums.  

  (2) See  Reconciliation
of Non-GAAP Measures  for further detail.  

  (3) Included
in underwriting results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is fee income of $3.1 million and $9.7 million,
respectively ($(191,000) and $3.1 million for the same periods in the prior year).   

33   

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

The Company had an
underwriting profit of $8.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $13.5 million for the same period
in the prior year. 

The results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include certain items that are significant to the operating results of the
Company. These items include (on a pre-tax basis) net realized investment gains of $210,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and net realized investment losses of $17,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

We define net operating
income as net income excluding certain non-operating items such as net realized investment gains and losses, expenses related to
due diligence costs for various merger and acquisition activities, professional services fees related to the filing of registration
statements for the offering of securities, severance costs associated with terminated employees, and interest and other income
and expenses on a leased building that we are deemed to own for accounting purposes. We use net operating income as an internal
performance measure in the management of our operations because we believe it gives our management and other users of our financial
information useful insight into our results of operations and our underlying business performance. Net operating income should
not be viewed as a substitute for net income calculated in accordance with GAAP, and our definition of net operating income may
not be comparable to that of other companies. 

Our income before taxes
and net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reconcile to our net operating income as follows: 

Our combined ratio
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was 93.7%. The combined ratio is a measure of underwriting performance and represents
the relationship of incurred losses, loss adjusting expenses, and other operating expenses to net earned premiums. A combined ratio
of less than 100% indicates an underwriting profit, while a combined ratio greater than 100% reflects an underwriting loss. The
combined ratio for the three months ended September 30, 2016 includes $5.3 million, or 4.0 percentage points, of net favorable
reserve development on prior accident years, including $5.8 million of net favorable development from the Excess and Surplus Lines
segment, and $1.6 million of net favorable reserve development from the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment, offset by $2.0 million
of net unfavorable reserve development from the Casualty Reinsurance segment. 

In the prior year,
the combined ratio for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was 89.0%. The combined ratio included $9.6 million, or 7.8 percentage
points, of net favorable reserve development on prior accident years, including $10.1 million of net favorable development from
the Excess and Surplus Lines segment and $2.0 million of net favorable development from the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment,
offset by $2.5 million of net adverse development from the Casualty Reinsurance segment. 

34   

Our expense ratio
improved from 34.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 31.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This
improvement was driven by a 24.1% increase in the Excess and Surplus segment s net earned premiums and an increase in fee
income for the Company as a whole. Our Excess and Surplus Lines segment (our largest segment with 59.0% of consolidated
earned premiums for the nine-months ended September 30, 2016) has significant scale and produces a lower expense ratio
than our other operating segments. Fee income for the Company increased from $(191,000) for the three months ended September 30,
2015 to $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015  

The Company had an
underwriting profit of $17.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This compares to an underwriting profit of $18.7
million for the same period in the prior year. 

The results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include certain items that are significant to the operating results of the
Company. These items include (on a pre-tax basis) net realized investment gains of $2.4 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and net realized investment losses of $2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, including $3.4 million
of losses in the first quarter of 2015 from the sale of energy sector bank loans whose market values had declined significantly
in response to then declining oil and gas prices. 

Our income before taxes
and net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reconcile to our net operating income as follows: 

Our combined ratio
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 95.2%. The combined ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes
$14.7 million, or 4.0 percentage points, of net favorable reserve development on prior accident years, including $13.8 million
of net favorable development from the Excess and Surplus Lines segment and $2.5 million of net favorable development from the Specialty
Admitted Insurance segment, offset by $1.5 million of net adverse development from the Casualty Reinsurance segment. In the prior
year, the combined ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was 94.6%. This ratio included $14.6 million, or 4.2 percentage
points, of net favorable reserve development on prior accident years, including $18.5 million of net favorable reserve development
from the Excess and Surplus Lines segment and $2.2 million of net favorable reserve development from the Specialty Admitted Insurance
segment, offset by $6.0 million of net adverse development from the Casualty Reinsurance segment. 

Our expense ratio
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 31.9% and 34.1%, respectively. The improvement is due to a 22.3% increase
in the net earned premiums of the Excess and Surplus Lines segment and an increase in fee income for the Company as a whole. Our
Excess and Surplus Lines segment (our largest segment with 59.0% of consolidated earned premiums for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016) has significant scale and produces a lower expense ratio than our other operating segments. Fee income for
the Company increased from $3.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $9.7 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. 

35   

All of the Company s
U.S. domiciled insurance subsidiaries are party to an intercompany pooling agreement that distributes the net underwriting results
among the group companies based on their approximate pro-rata level of statutory capital and surplus to the total company statutory
capital and surplus. Additionally, each of the Company s U.S.-domiciled insurance subsidiaries is a party to a quota share
reinsurance agreement that cedes 70% of their premiums and losses to JRG Re. We report all segment information in this   Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   prior to the effects of intercompany reinsurance,
consistent with the manner in which we evaluate the operating performance of our reportable segments. 

Premiums   

Insurance premiums
are earned ratably over the terms of our insurance policies, generally twelve months. Reinsurance premiums assumed are earned over
the terms of the underlying policies or reinsurance contracts. Contracts and policies written on a  losses occurring 
basis cover claims that may occur during the term of the contract or policy, which is typically twelve months. Contracts which
are written on a  risks attaching  basis cover claims which attach to the underlying insurance policies written during
the terms of such contracts. Premiums earned on such contracts usually extend beyond the original term of the reinsurance contract,
typically resulting in recognition of premiums earned over a 24-month period in proportion to the level of underlying exposure. 

The following table summarizes
the change in premium volume by component and business segment: 

Our Excess and Surplus
Lines and Specialty Admitted Insurance segments experienced significant growth in gross written premiums during 2016, while our
Casualty Reinsurance segment experienced a slight decline in gross written premiums during the same period. Premiums for the Company
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were affected by the following: 

Gross written premiums
for the Excess and Surplus Lines segment (which represents 49.6% of our consolidated gross written premiums in the first nine
months of 2016) increased 21.4% to $99.9 million and 18.7% to $279.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
over the prior year. This increase reflects a 1.2% increase in the average premium for non-commercial auto policies from $18,631
to $18,860 in the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. Additionally, policy submissions excluding commercial
auto policies were 14.4% higher and bound policies were 12.1% higher in the first nine months of 2016 than in 2015. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase in gross written premiums in the Excess and Surplus Lines
segment compared to the same period in 2015 was most notable in our: 

36   

The components of
gross written premiums for the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment (which represents 21.1% of our consolidated gross written premiums
in the first nine months of 2016) are as follows: 

It is our policy to
audit the payroll for each expired workers  compensation policy for the difference between estimated payroll at the time
the policy is written and the final actual payroll of the customer after the policy is completed. Audit premiums increased both
written and earned premiums during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 by $264,000 and $1.8 million, respectively
(in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, audit premiums increased both written and earned premium by $166,000 and
$1.1 million, respectively). 

A significant portion
of the program and fronting business is ceded to third party reinsurers. As a result, our net written premium for this segment
increased by less than our gross written premium, increasing 33.0% and 24.4% for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

The Casualty Reinsurance
segment generally writes large casualty-focused treaties that are expected to have lower volatility relative to other property
and casualty treaties. We rarely write stand-alone property reinsurance. When treaties are written, it is done with relatively
low catastrophe sub-limits. 

Gross written premiums
for the Casualty Reinsurance segment (which represents 29.3% of our consolidated gross written premiums in the first nine months
of 2016) increased 141.7% to $104.2 million and decreased 0.5% to $165.5 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, over the same period in 2015. The significant increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in the prior year was primarily due to timing differences in the renewals of certain reinsurance contracts.
Total premiums for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are $882,000 (0.5%) less than those of the same period in 2015. 

37   

Net Retention   

The ratio of net written
premiums to gross written premiums is referred to as our net premium retention. Our net premium retention is summarized by segment
as follows: 

The net premium retention
for the Excess and Surplus Lines segment increased from 2015 to 2016 as a result of increases in direct written premium for the
Commercial Auto division of $10.7 million (or 49.8%) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the three months ended
September 30, 2015 and $20.4 million (or 35.6%) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the nine months ended September
30, 2015. We generally retain all of the premium written by the Commercial Auto division. 

The net premium retention
for the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment decreased from 2015 to 2016 as a result of growth in the segment s fronting
and program business, which generally has much lower net premium retention than our workers  compensation business. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net retention on the segment s fronting and program business was 13.6%
and 14.7%, respectively (24.7% and 20.5% in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015), while the net retention on the
workers  compensation business was 90.5% and 90.4%, respectively (89.6% and 90.4%, respectively, in the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015). 

The net retention
for the Casualty Reinsurance segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, includes adjustments
to the estimates of both gross and net written premiums from the prior year that caused this segment s net premium retention
to slightly exceed 100% in both periods. 

Underwriting Results   

The following table
compares our combined ratios by segment: 

38   

Excess and Surplus Lines Segment  

Results
for the Excess and Surplus Lines segment are as follows:  

(1)    See    Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures     

The combined ratio
of the Excess and Surplus Lines segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 84.8% (comprised of a loss ratio
of 62.1% and an expense ratio of 22.7%) and 85.6% (comprised of a loss ratio of 63.1% and an expense ratio of 22.5%), respectively.
This compares to the prior year s combined ratio for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 of 74.1% (comprised
of a loss ratio of 49.9% and an expense ratio of 24.2%) and 83.0% (comprised of a loss ratio of 56.9% and an expense ratio of 26.1%),
respectively. 

The loss ratio of
62.1% and 63.1% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $5.8 million, or 7.1 percentage points and $13.8
million, or 6.3 percentage points, respectively, in net favorable reserve development in our loss estimates for prior accident
years. In the prior year, the loss ratio of 49.9% and 56.9% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes $10.1
million, or 15.3 percentage points, and $18.5 million, or 10.4 percentage points, respectively, in net favorable reserve development
in our loss estimates for prior accident years. The favorable reserve development in this segment reflects benign loss activity
and continuing positive loss trends. 

The expense ratio
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 of 24.2% decreased to 22.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The expense
ratio for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of 26.1% decreased to 22.5% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The
decline in the 2016 expense ratios is driven by growth in fee income from $(595,000) and $1.8 million for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015 to $2.1 million and $7.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as well as the
24.1% and 22.3% increase in earned premiums for the quarter and year-to-date periods, respectively, without a corresponding
increase in underlying expenses. 

As a result of the
items discussed above, the Excess and Surplus Lines segment had an underwriting profit of $12.4 million and $31.4 million for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $17.0 million and $30.3 million for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

39   

Specialty Admitted Insurance Segment  

Results for the Specialty
Admitted Insurance segment are as follows: 

(1)    See    Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures     

The combined ratio
of the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 94.7% (comprised
of a loss ratio of 60.4% and an expense ratio of 34.3%) and 96.5% (comprised of a loss ratio of 59.9% and an expense ratio of 36.5%),
respectively. This compares to the prior year s combined ratio for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 of
95.7% (comprised of a loss ratio of 60.0% and an expense ratio 35.7%) and 98.3% (comprised of a loss ratio of 60.4% and an expense
ratio of 38.0%), respectively. 

The loss ratio for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $1.6 million, or 11.9 percentage points, and $2.5 million or 6.8 percentage
points, respectively, of net favorable reserve development on prior accident years. The loss ratio for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015 includes $2.0 million, or 18.3 percentage points, and $2.2 million, or 7.1 percentage points,
respectively, of net favorable development on prior accident years. The favorable development in both 2016 and 2015 reflects the
fact that actual loss emergence of the workers  compensation book has been better than expected. 

The expense ratio
of the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment was 34.3% and 36.5% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the prior year ratios of 35.7% and 38.0% respectively. The higher expense ratio in the nine month period of the prior year for
this segment was a function of the build up of the infrastructure and personnel costs associated with the fronting and program
business. The growth in our gross written premiums on fronting and program business ($46.8 million and $89.9 million in the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $14.5 million and $34.5 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015) provided some economies of scale that contributed to a reduction in our expense ratio for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year. 

As a result of the
items discussed above, the underwriting profit of the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment increased to $702,000 and $1.3 million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, from $462,000 and $506,000 for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

40   

Casualty Reinsurance Segment  

Results for the Casualty
Reinsurance segment are as follows: 

(1) See    Reconciliation
of Non-GAAP Measures.   

The Casualty Reinsurance
segment focuses on low volatility, proportional reinsurance which requires larger ceding commissions resulting in a higher
commission expense than in our other segments. 

The combined ratio
of the Casualty Reinsurance segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 99.7% (comprised of a loss ratio
of 64.3% and an expense ratio of 35.3%) and 99.4% (comprised of a loss ratio of 64.7% and an expense ratio of 34.7%), respectively.
In the prior year, the combined ratio for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was 99.4% (comprised of a loss ratio
of 59.4% and an expense ratio of 40.0%) and 99.3% (comprised of a loss ratio of 65.1% and an expense ratio of 34.2%), respectively. 

The loss ratio for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $2.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively (or 5.3 and 1.3 percentage
points), of net adverse reserve development in our loss estimates for prior accident years. The loss ratio for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2015 includes $2.5 million and $6.0 million (or 5.3 and 4.4 percentage points), of net adverse
reserve development in our loss estimates for prior accident years. 

The expense ratio
of the Casualty Reinsurance segment was 35.3% and 34.7% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
prior year ratios of 40.0% and 34.2% respectively. The lower expense ratio for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was the
result of our increased loss ratio which triggered sliding scale commission adjustments that reduced our expense ratio. The converse
is true for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

As a result of the
items discussed above, the Casualty Reinsurance segment had an underwriting profit of $133,000 and $673,000 for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, compared to an underwriting profit of $276,000 and $911,000 for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015. 

41   

Reserves   

An indicator of reserve
strength that we monitor closely is the percentage of our gross and net loss reserves that are comprised of incurred but not reported
( IBNR ) reserves. 

The Company s
gross reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses at September 30, 2016 was $874.7 million. Of this amount, 69.4% relates to
amounts that are IBNR. This amount was 68.0% at December 31, 2015. The Company s gross reserves for losses and loss adjustment
expenses by segment are summarized as follows: 

At September 30, 2016,
the amount of net reserves of $718.4 million that related to IBNR was 69.0%. This amount was 68.0% at December 31, 2015. The Company s
net reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses by segment are summarized as follows: 

Other Operating Expenses   

Other operating expenses
for the Company include the underwriting, acquisition, and insurance expenses of the Excess and Surplus Lines segment, the Specialty
Admitted Insurance segment, the Casualty Reinsurance segment, and the Corporate and Other segment. 

Corporate and Other Segment  

Other operating expenses
for the Corporate and Other segment include personnel costs associated with the Bermuda and U.S. holding companies, professional
fees, and various other corporate expenses that are included in the calculation of both our expense ratio and combined ratio. Other
expenses of the Corporate and Other segment include costs associated with potential acquisitions and various strategic initiatives.
These costs vary from period-to-period based on the status of these initiatives. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the total operating expenses of the Corporate and Other segment were $4.9 million and $4.3
million, respectively. The increase in these expenses was primarily related to increases in stock based compensation expense
resulting from the options and restricted share units granted in February and May 2016. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the total operating expenses of the Corporate and Other segment were $15.6 million and $13.0
million, respectively. The increase in these expenses was primarily related to an increase in stock based compensation expense
resulting from the options and restricted share units granted in February and May 2016 and increases in public company expenses
and other professional service fees. 

42   

Investing Results   

Net investment income
for the third quarter of 2016 was $15.8 million which compares to $9.5 million for the same period in 2015. On a year-to-date basis,
net investment income for 2016 was $38.6 million which compares to $34.5 million for the same period in 2015. The change in our
net investment income is as follows: 

Private investments,
including our investments in renewable energy, were the primary driver of the higher net investment income in the quarter. On
a year-to-date basis, strong performance by our other private investments more than offset a decline in income from the renewable
energy investments. Excluding the private investments, our net investment income increased by $881,000 over the third quarter
of the prior year and $3.2 million on a year-to-date basis, due to a 4.9% and 4.2% increase in our average cash
and invested assets from $1,378.9 million at September 30, 2015 and $1,350.7 million at December 31, 2015, respectively, to $1,450.7
million at September 30, 2016 and an increase in investment yield. 

Major
categories of the Company s net investment income are summarized as follows: 

The following table
summarizes our investment returns: 

43   

Of our total cash
and invested assets of $1,450.7 million at September 30, 2016, $90.9 million represents the cash and cash equivalents portion of
the portfolio. The majority of the portfolio, or $1,067.7 million, is comprised of fixed maturity and equity securities that are
classified as available-for-sale and carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses on these securities reported, net of
applicable taxes, as a separate component of accumulated comprehensive income or loss. Also included in our investments are $211.4
million of bank loan participations, $23.3 million of short-term investments, $52.4 million of other invested assets, and
$5.1 million of fixed maturity securities classified as trading which are held at the U.S. holding company. Our trading portfolio
is carried at fair value with changes to the value reported as net investment income in our condensed consolidated income statement. 

The $211.4 million of
bank loan participations in our investment portfolio are classified as held-for-investment and reported at amortized cost, net
of an allowance for credit losses. Changes in this credit allowance are included in realized gains or losses. These bank loan participations
are primarily senior, secured floating-rate debt which are rated  BB  or  B , or  CCC  by Standard
  Poor s or an equivalent rating from another nationally recognized statistical rating organization, and are therefore
below investment grade. Bank loans include assignments of and participations in, performing and non-performing senior corporate
debt generally acquired through primary bank syndications and in secondary markets. They consist of, but are not limited to, term
loans, the funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit loans, and similar loans and investments. At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the fair market value of these securities was $209.0 million, and $180.1 million, respectively. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized net realized investment gains of $210,000. For the three months ended September
30, 2015, the Company recognized net realized investment losses of $17,000. 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized net realized investment gains of $2.4 million. These realized investment gains
included $1.5 million of realized investment gains recognized on the sale of fixed maturity securities. Another $1.2 million of
net realized investment gains were recognized on the sale of equity securities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
Company recognized net realized investment losses of $2.5 million. The realized investment losses included $3.9 million principally
from the sale of certain oil and gas bank loans in the energy sector as well as $660,000 in impairment losses related to our investment
exposure to entities located in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. These realized investment losses were partially offset by $1.3
million of net realized investment gains recognized on the sale of fixed maturities. 

In conjunction with
its outside investment managers, the Company performs quarterly reviews of all securities within its investment portfolio to determine
whether any impairment has occurred. In connection with this review for the three months ended March 31, 2015, the Company wrote
down two municipal bonds issued by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico that were considered other than temporarily impaired. Puerto
Rico s weak economic conditions and heavy debt burden heightened the risk of default on these bonds. The Company recognized
impairment losses of $660,000 on these bonds for the three months ended March 31, 2015. These bonds were sold in the second quarter
of 2015 and a net realized gain of $22,000 was recognized on the sales. 

The Company holds a
participation in a loan issued by a company that produces and sells power to Puerto Rico through a power purchase agreement with
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ( PREPA ), a public corporation and governmental agency of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico. PREPA s credit strength has been affected by the economic conditions in Puerto Rico, thus raising doubt about
its ability to make full and timely payments on the debt obligations held by the Company. Management concluded that the loan was
impaired at September 30, 2016. The  loan had a carrying value of $2.0 million, unpaid principal of
$2.3 million and an allowance for credit losses of $208,000  at September 30, 2016. 

The Company
currently holds bank loans of oil and gas companies in the energy sector. The market values of these loans have declined significantly
in response to declining energy prices. At September 30, 2016, the Company s oil and gas exposure was in five loans and one
bond with a total carrying value of $15.4 million and an unrealized loss of $1.6 million. All of the loans are current at September
30, 2016. Management concluded that one of these loans was impaired as of September 30, 2016. The loan had a carrying value of
$1.3 million, unpaid principal of $2.2 million and an allowance for credit losses of $852,000. Management also concluded that two
non-energy sector loans were impaired at September 30, 2016. The impaired loans had a carrying value of $6.4 million, unpaid principal
of $7.3 million, and an allowance for credit losses of $903,000. The aggregate allowance for credit losses was $2.0 million at
September 30, 2016 on four impaired loans with a total carrying value of $9.7 million and 

44   

unpaid principal of $11.8
million. Increases in the allowance for credit losses on impaired loans in 2016 resulted in net realized losses of $663,000 and
$53,000 for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016,
our available-for-sale investment portfolio of fixed maturity and equity securities had net unrealized gains of $35.5 million representing
3.4% of the cost or amortized cost of the portfolio. Additionally, at September 30, 2016, 86.6% of our fixed maturity security
portfolio was rated  A-  or better by Standard   Poor s or had an equivalent rating from another nationally
recognized statistical rating organization. Fixed maturity securities with ratings below investment grade by Standard   Poor s
or another nationally recognized statistical rating organization at September 30, 2016 had an aggregate fair value of $10.9 million
and an aggregate net unrealized loss of $2.5 million. The average duration of our investment portfolio was 3.6 years at September
30, 2016. 

The amortized cost and
fair value of our investments in available-for-sale securities were as follows: 

The following table
sets forth the composition of the Company s portfolio of fixed maturity securities (both available-for-sale and trading)
by rating as of September 30, 2016: 

At September 30, 2016,
our portfolio of fixed maturity securities contained corporate fixed maturity securities (both available-for-sale and trading)
with a fair value of $412.1 million. A summary of these securities by industry segment is shown below as of September 30, 2016: 

45   

Corporate fixed maturity
securities (both available-for-sale and trading) include public traded securities and privately placed bonds is shown below as
of September 30, 2016: 

The amortized cost and fair value of our available-for-sale
investments in fixed maturity securities summarized by contractual maturity were as follows: 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company had no investments in securitizations of alternative-A mortgage or sub-prime mortgages. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense was
$2.1 million and $1.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively ($6.3 million and $5.2 million
for the nine month periods). The increase in interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period
in the prior year was primarily due to a $604,000 increase in interest expense on a leased building that the Company is deemed
to own for accounting purposes, from $496,000 for 2015 to $1.1 million for 2016 due to the Company s increased rented square
footage in the building. 

In May 2004, we issued
$15.0 million of senior debt due April 29, 2034, with net proceeds to us of $14.5 million. The senior debt is not redeemable
by the holder or subject to sinking fund requirements. Interest accrues quarterly and is payable in arrears at a floating rate
per annum equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 3.85%. This senior debt is redeemable at par prior to its stated maturity at our
option in whole or in part. The terms of the senior debt contain certain covenants, with which we are in compliance, and which,
among other things, restrict our ability to assume senior indebtedness secured by our U.S. holding company s common stock
or its subsidiaries  capital stock or to issue shares of its subsidiaries  capital stock. 

46   

On June 5, 2013, the
Company closed on a three-year $125.0 million senior revolving credit facility. The Company and JRG Re are borrowers on the senior
revolving credit facility. The senior revolving credit facility was initially comprised of: 

A $62.5 million secured revolving facility used by JRG Re to issue letters of credit for the benefit
of third-party reinsureds. This portion of our credit facility is secured by our investment securities; and   

A $62.5 million unsecured revolving facility to meet the working capital needs of the Company.
All unpaid principal on the revolver is due at maturity. Interest accrues quarterly and is payable in arrears at three-month LIBOR
plus a margin, which is subject to change depending upon our total outstanding debt to capitalization.   

On September 24, 2014,
we closed on an amendment to the senior revolving credit facility which, among other things, included an increase in the size of
the unsecured revolving facility from $62.5 million to $112.5 million and extended the maturity date from June 5, 2016 to September
24, 2019. The amendment also reduced the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the revolver such that the current LIBOR
margin dropped from 2.25% to 2.00%. On May 20, 2015 under a provision of the credit agreement, we requested, and the lenders subsequently
agreed, to increase the secured revolving facility by $40.0 million to a total capacity of $102.5 million. At September 30, 2016,
the Company had $39.0 million letters of credit issued under the $102.5 million secured facility and a drawn balance of $73.3 million
outstanding on the $112.5 million unsecured facility. 

The senior revolving
credit facility contains certain financial and other covenants (including risk-based capital, minimum shareholders  equity
levels, maximum ratios of total debt outstanding to total capitalization and minimum fixed charge coverage ratios) with which the
Company is in compliance. 

We sold trust preferred
securities through five Delaware statutory trusts sponsored and wholly-owned by the Company or its subsidiaries. Each trust used
the net proceeds from the sale of its trust preferred securities to purchase our floating-rate junior subordinated debt. 

The following table
summarizes the nature and terms of the junior subordinated debt and trust preferred securities outstanding at September 30, 2016
(including the Company s repurchase of a portion of these trust preferred securities described herein): 

47   

The junior subordinated
debt contains certain covenants with which we are in compliance as of September 30, 2016. All of these securities are currently
redeemable at 100% of the unpaid principal balance at our option. 

At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the ratio of total debt outstanding to total capitalization (defined as total debt plus total shareholders 
equity) was 20.5% and 22.0%, respectively. Having debt as part of our capital structure allows us to generate a higher return on
equity and greater book value per share results than we could by using equity capital alone. 

Amortization of Intangibles   

The Company recorded
$149,000 of amortization of intangible assets for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $447,000 of amortization
of intangible assets for each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Income Tax Expense   

Our effective tax
rate fluctuates from period to period based on the relative mix of income reported by country and the respective tax rates imposed
by each tax jurisdiction. For U.S.-sourced income, the Company s U.S. federal income tax expense differs from the amounts
computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate to income before taxes due primarily to interest income on tax-advantaged
state and municipal securities (state and municipal securities represent 10.0% and 12.4% of our available-for-sale securities at
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively) and dividends received income. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
our U.S. federal income tax expense was 4.1% and 9.8% of income before taxes, respectively (6.5% and 9.4% for the nine month periods,
respectively). The tax rate in the third quarter of 2016 was favorably impacted by higher than expected deductions on certain compensation
expense items, and the tax jurisdictions where we earned our profits. 

48   

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

Sources and Uses of Funds   

We are organized as
a Bermuda holding company with our operations conducted by our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Accordingly, our holding company may
receive cash through loans from banks, issuance of equity and debt securities, corporate service fees or dividends received from
our insurance subsidiaries, and/or other transactions. Our U.S. holding company may receive cash in a similar manner and also through
payments from our subsidiaries pursuant to our U.S. consolidated tax allocation agreement. 

The payment of dividends
by our subsidiaries to us is limited by statute. In general, the laws and regulations applicable to our domestic insurance subsidiaries
limit the aggregate amount of dividends or other distributions that they may declare or pay within any 12-month period without
advance regulatory approval. Generally, the limitations are based on the greater of statutory net income for the preceding year
or 10.0% of statutory surplus at the end of the preceding year. Under this formula, the maximum amount of dividends and return
of capital available to the Company from JRG Re in 2016 is calculated to be approximately $89.4 million. In addition, insurance
regulators have broad powers to prevent the reduction of statutory surplus to inadequate levels and could refuse to permit the
payment of dividends calculated under any applicable formula. The maximum amount of dividends available to the U.S. holding company
from our U.S. insurance subsidiaries during 2016 without regulatory approval is $19.8 million. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Bermuda holding company had $1.2 million of cash and cash equivalents. The US holding company had $67.4 million of cash and
invested assets, comprised of cash and cash equivalents of $7.0 million, fixed maturity securities of $5.1 million, equity
securities of $8.7 million, short-term investments of $14.2 million, and other invested assets of $32.4 million, which are not
subject to regulatory restrictions. Additionally, our U.K. intermediate holding company had no invested assets at September 30,
2016, and cash of less than one thousand dollars. 

Our net written premium
to surplus ratio (defined as net written premiums to regulatory capital and surplus) is reviewed by management as well as our rating
agency as a component of leverage and efficiency of deployed capital. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our
annualized net written premium to surplus ratio was 1.2 to 1.0 and 0.8 to 1.0, respectively (0.9 to 1.0 and 0.9 to 1.0 for the
nine month periods, respectively). 

Ceded Reinsurance   

Our insurance subsidiaries
enter into reinsurance contracts to limit our exposure to potential losses arising from large risks and to provide additional capacity
for growth. Our reinsurance is contracted under excess of loss and quota share reinsurance contracts. In excess of loss reinsurance,
the reinsurer agrees to assume all or a portion of the ceding company s losses in excess of a specified amount. The premiums
payable to the reinsurer are negotiated by the parties based on their assessment of the amount of risk being ceded to the reinsurer
because the reinsurer does not share proportionately in the ceding company s losses. In quota share reinsurance, the reinsurer
agrees to assume a specified percentage of the ceding company s losses arising out of a defined class of business in exchange
for a corresponding percentage of premiums. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our net premium retention was
78.9% and 82.9%, respectively (78.9% and 84.2% for the nine month periods, respectively). 

The following is a summary of our ceded reinsurance
in place as of September 30, 2016: 

49   

Line of Business   
         
       Company Retention    
 
      Casualty  

Primary Specialty Casualty,  
 including Professional  
 Liability  
       
      Up to $1.0 million per occurrence, subject to a $1.0 million aggregate deductible.    
 
      Primary Casualty  
       
      Up to $2.0 million per occurrence.  (1)    
 
      Excess Casualty  
       
      Up to $1.0 million per occurrence.  (2)    
 
      Property  
       
      Up to $5.0 million per event.  (3)    

(1)    Total exposure to any one claim is generally $1.0 million.    

(2)    For policies with an occurrence limit of $1.0 million or higher, the excess casualty treaty
is set such that our retention is $1.0 million or less. For policies where we also write an underlying primary casualty policy,
the net excess casualty limit is added to our retention on the primary casualty coverage, which results in a total retention of
$2.0 million or less on any one risk.    

(3)    The property catastrophe reinsurance treaty has a limit of $40.0 million with one reinstatement.    

In our Excess and
Surplus Lines segment, we have a surplus share reinsurance treaty in effect that was specifically designed to cover property risks.
The surplus share treaty along with facultative reinsurance helps ensure that our net retained limit per risk will be $5.0 million
or below. 

We have a clash and
contingency reinsurance treaty to cover both the Excess and Surplus Lines and Specialty Admitted Insurance segments in the event
of a claims incident involving more than one of our insureds. The treaty covers $6.0 million in excess of a $2.5 million retention
for loss occurrences within the treaty term. This coverage has two reinstatements in the event we exhaust any of the coverage. 

In our Excess and
Surplus Lines segment, we write a small book of excess property insurance but we do not write primary property insurance. We use
catastrophe modeling software to analyze the risk of severe losses from hurricanes and earthquakes on our exposure. We utilize
the model in our risk selection, pricing, and to manage our overall portfolio probable maximum loss ( PML ) accumulations.
A PML is an estimate of the amount we would expect to pay in any one catastrophe event within a given annual probability of occurrence
(i.e. a return period or loss exceedance probability). Based upon our modeling, a $45.0 million gross catastrophe loss would exceed
our 1,000 year PML. In the event of a $45.0 million gross property catastrophe loss to the Company, we estimate our pre-tax cost
at approximately $7.9 million, including reinstatement premiums and net retentions. In addition to this retention, we would retain
any losses in excess of our reinsurance coverage limits. 

Our Specialty Admitted
Insurance segment enters into reinsurance contracts to limit our exposure to potential losses arising from large risks, to protect
against the aggregation of several risks in a common loss occurrence, to provide additional capacity for growth and to support
new program and fronting business initiatives.  This segment purchases reinsurance for at least 50% of the exposed limits
on specialty admitted property casualty business. On a program-by-program basis, the Specialty Admitted Insurance segment: 

purchases quota share reinsurance for 50% of the first $600,000 for its workers  compensation
program business (except for one large workers  compensation program for which we cede 87.5% of the first $1.0 million of risk through a quota share treaty and then purchase $49.0 million in excess of $1.0 million excess of loss coverage);   

purchases a property catastrophe reinsurance program for $4.0 million in excess of $1.0 million
to manage its incidental property exposure to an approximate 1,000 year PML; and   

purchases program specific quota share reinsurance between 50.0% and 100.0% of the primary risk
layer and up to 100.0% of the excess layer.   

50   

In our Casualty Reinsurance
segment, we also have limited property catastrophe exposure. We believe that this exposure would not exceed $1.0 million on any
one event. 

In the aggregate,
we believe our pre-tax group-wide PML from a 1,000 year catastrophe event would not exceed $10.0 million, inclusive of reinstatement
premiums payable. 

At September 30, 2016,
we had reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses of $156.3 million and reinsurance recoverables on paid losses of $6.6 million,
and all material recoverable amounts were from companies with A.M. Best ratings of  A-  or better or collateral had
been posted by the reinsurer for our benefit. 

The Company s
insurance subsidiaries remain liable to policyholders if its reinsurers are unable to meet their contractual obligations under
applicable reinsurance agreements. We establish allowances for amounts considered uncollectible. At September 30, 2016 and
2015, there was no allowance for such uncollectible reinsurance recoverables. To minimize exposure to significant losses from
reinsurance insolvencies, the Company evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers and monitors concentrations of credit
risk. The Company generally seeks to purchase reinsurance from reinsurers with A.M. Best financial strength ratings of  A- 
(Excellent) or better. The Company s reinsurance contracts generally require reinsurers that are not authorized as reinsurers
under U.S. state insurance regulations or that experience rating downgrades from rating agencies below specified levels to fund
their share of the Company s ceded outstanding losses and loss adjustment expense reserves, typically through the use of
irrevocable and unconditional letters of credit. In fronting arrangements, which the Company conducts through its Specialty Admitted
Insurance segment, we are subject to credit risk with regard to insurance companies who act as reinsurers for us in such arrangements.
We customarily require a collateral trust arrangement to secure the obligations of the insurance entity for whom we are fronting. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

The Company is also
exposed to credit risk relating to insurance contracts with an insured in which the Company pays losses and loss adjustment expenses
on the contract. The Company has an indemnity agreement with this insured and is contractually entitled to receive reimbursement
for a significant portion of the losses and loss adjustment expenses paid on behalf of the insured party (a non-insurance entity).
The insured party is required to collateralize all amounts currently due to the Company and to provide additional collateral sufficient
to cover the unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses related to the contracts. At September 30, 2016, the cash collateral held
by the Company from this insured exceeds the amount of claims receivable and unpaid reported losses and loss adjustment expenses
outstanding. This is a growing relationship, and as such, there is an exposure to reported losses on this contract growing at a
faster pace than our collateral from the insured grows. To mitigate this risk, we closely monitor our exposure compared to our
collateral held, and we request additional collateral from the insured when our analysis indicates that we have uncollateralized
exposure. Based on our relationship with the insured and the cash collateral held, management does not believe that this credit
exposure is material. 

Cash Flows   

Our sources of operating
funds consist primarily of premiums written, investment income, reinsurance recoveries, proceeds from offerings of debt and equity
securities and from sales and redemptions of investments. We use operating cash flows primarily to pay operating expenses, losses
and loss adjustment expenses, and income taxes. 

51   

Cash from operating
activities declined from $104.3 million in the first nine months of 2015 to $82.7 million in the first nine months of 2016. This
decline is primarily attributable to an $18.7 million increase in claims receivable on commercial auto policies in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, as the reimbursement of claims on these polices typically lags our payment of the claims
to the insureds by approximately sixty days. There are also sixty day lags in the period between the recording of written premium
on these policies and the cash receipts on these premium receivables. 

Cash used in financing
activities in the first nine months of 2016 included $17.4 million of dividends to shareholders. Cash used in financing activities
in the first nine months of 2015 primarily related to $13.7 million of dividends paid to shareholders. 

Ratings   

The A.M. Best financial
strength rating for our group s regulated insurance subsidiaries is  A  (Excellent). This rating reflects A.M.
Best s opinion of our insurance subsidiaries  financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet obligations
to policyholders and is not an evaluation directed towards the protection of investors. A.M. Best assigns ratings to both insurance
and reinsurance companies. The rating for our operating insurance and reinsurance companies of  A  (Excellent), is
the third highest rating of the thirteen ratings issued by A.M. Best and is assigned to insurers that have, in A.M. Best s
opinion, an excellent ability to meet their ongoing obligations to policyholders. 

The financial strength
ratings assigned by A.M. Best have an impact on the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to attract and retain agents and brokers
and on the risk profiles of the submissions for insurance that our subsidiaries receive. The  A  (Excellent) ratings
obtained by our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are consistent with our companies  business plans and we believe allow
our subsidiaries to actively pursue relationships with the agents and brokers identified in their marketing plans. 

EQUITY 

Equity Awards   

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $1.5 million and $940,000, respectively, of share based compensation
expense ($4.2 million and $2.8 million for the nine month periods, respectively). The amount of unrecognized share based compensation
expense to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average service period of 1.9 years at September 30, 2016 is $8.7 million.
There were 25,000 options exercised during the three month period ending September 30, 2016 (256,916 were exercised in the nine
month period ending September 30, 2016). There were 763,625 and 804,875 options exercised for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively. No RSU s vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. The Company granted 706,203
options with an exercise price of $32.07 during the three months and nine months ending September 30, 2016. The Company granted
10,627 options with an exercise price of $24.32 during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

52   

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP MEASURES  

Reconciliation of Underwriting Profit   

The following table
reconciles the underwriting profit by individual segment and of the Company as a whole to consolidated income before income taxes.
We believe that these measures are useful to investors in evaluating the performance of our Company and its segments because our
objective is to consistently earn underwriting profits. We evaluate the performance of our segments and allocate resources based
primarily on underwriting profit. Our definition of underwriting profit may not be comparable to that of other companies. 

Reconciliation of Net Operating Income   

We define net operating
income as net income excluding certain non-operating items such as net realized investment gains and losses, expenses related to
due diligence costs for various merger and acquisition activities, professional services fees related to the filing of registration
statements for the offering of securities, severance costs associated with terminated employees and interest and other expenses
on a leased building that we are deemed to own for accounting purposes. We use net operating income as an internal performance
measure in the management of our operations because we believe it gives our management and other users of our financial information
useful insight into our results of operations and our underlying business performance. Net operating income should not be viewed
as a substitute for net income calculated in accordance with GAAP, and our definition of net operating income may not be comparable
to that of other companies. 

Our income before
taxes and net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reconcile to our net operating income as follows: 

53   

Growth in Tangible Equity   

A key financial measure
that we use to assess our longer term financial performance is our percentage growth in tangible equity per share. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we increased our tangible equity per share by 13.5% and by 17.3% after adding back the dividends
paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

We define tangible
equity as the sum of shareholders  equity less goodwill and intangible assets (net of amortization). Our definition of tangible
equity may not be comparable to that of other companies, and it should not be viewed as a substitute for shareholders  equity
calculated in accordance with GAAP. We use tangible equity internally to evaluate the strength of our consolidated balance sheet
and to compare returns relative to this measure. The following table reconciles shareholders  equity to tangible equity as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

54   

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  

Market risk is the
risk of economic losses due to adverse changes in the estimated fair value of a financial instrument as the result of changes in
equity prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. Our consolidated balance sheets include assets
and liabilities with estimated fair values that are subject to market risk. Our primary market risks have been equity price risk
associated with investments in equity securities and interest rate risk associated with investments in fixed maturities. We do
not have exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk or commodity risk. 

There have been no
material changes in market risk from the information provided in Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures   

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO )
and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure.
In connection with the preparation of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including the CEO and CFO, as of September 30, 2016 of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. Based upon this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of
Controls  

The effectiveness
of any system of controls and procedures is subject to certain limitations, and, as as a result, there can be no assurance that
our controls and procedures will detect all errors or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be attained. 

55   

PART II.   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  

We are party to legal
proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe that the outcome of such matters, individually and in the
aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors  

There have been no
material changes in our risk factors in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2.  Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior
Securities.  

None. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.  Other information  

None. 

Item 6.  Exhibits  

See Exhibit Index
for a list of exhibits filed as part of this report. 

56   

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

James River Group Holdings, Ltd.   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ J. Adam Abram   

J. Adam Abram   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Gregg T. Davis   

Gregg T. Davis   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

57   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit   
           Number    
         
       Description    
 
      3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation of James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

3.2  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation on Change of Name (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

3.3  
       
      Memorandum of Association of James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

3.4  
       
      Certificate of Deposit of Memorandum of Increase of Share Capital, dated December 24, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

3.5  
       
      Certificate of Deposit of Memorandum of Increase of Share Capital, dated October 7, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

3.6  
       
      Third Amended and Restated Bye-Laws of James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2015, Commission File No. 001-36777)   

4.1  
       
      Form of Certificate of Common Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on December 9, 2014)   

4.2  
       
      Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2004, by and between James River Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to Floating Rate Senior Debentures Due 2034+   

4.3  
       
      Indenture, dated as of May 26, 2004, by and between James River Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Debentures Due 2034+   

4.4  
       
      Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of James River Capital Trust I, dated as of May 26, 2004, by and among James River Group, Inc., as Sponsor, Wilmington Trust Company, as Institutional Trustee and Delaware Trustee, the Regular Trustees (as defined therein), and the holders, from time to time, of undivided beneficial interests in James River Capital Trust I+   

4.5  
       
      Preferred Securities Guarantee Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2004, by James River Group, Inc., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Preferred Guarantee Trustee, for the benefit of the holders of James River Capital Trust I+   

4.6  
       
      Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2004, by and between James River Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures Due 2034+   

4.7  
       
      Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of James River Capital Trust II, dated as of December 15, 2004, by and among James River Group, Inc., as Sponsor, Wilmington Trust Company, as Institutional Trustee and Delaware Trustee, the Administrators (as defined therein), and the holders, from time to time, of undivided beneficial interests in the James River Capital Trust II+   

4.8  
       
      Guarantee Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2004, by James River Group, Inc., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Guarantee Trustee, for the benefit of the holders, from time to time, of the capital securities of James River Capital Trust II+   

58   

Exhibit   
           Number    
         
       Description    
 
      4.9  
       
      Indenture, dated June 15, 2006, by and between James River Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures Due 2036+   

4.10  
       
      Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of James River Capital Trust III, dated as of June 15, 2006, by and among James River Group, Inc., as Sponsor, Wilmington Trust Company, as Institutional Trustee and Delaware Trustee, the Administrators (as defined therein) and the holders, from time to time, of undivided beneficial interests in the James River Capital Trust III+   

4.11  
       
      Guarantee Agreement dated as of June 15, 2006, by James River Group, Inc., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Guarantee Trustee, for the benefit of the holders, from time to time, of the capital securities of James River Capital Trust III+   

4.12  
       
      Indenture dated December 11, 2007, by and between James River Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee, relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures Due 2037+   

4.13  
       
      Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated December 11, 2007, by and among James River Group, Inc., as Sponsor, Wilmington Trust Company, as Institutional Trustee and Delaware Trustee and the Administrators (as defined therein) and the holders, from time to time, of undivided beneficial interests in James River Capital Trust IV+   

4.14  
       
      Guarantee Agreement dated as of December 11, 2007, by James River Group, Inc., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Guarantee Trustee, for the benefit of the holders, from time to time, of the capital securities of James River Capital Trust IV+   

4.15  
       
      Indenture dated as of January 10, 2008, among James River Group Holdings, Ltd. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures Due 2038+   

4.16  
       
      Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust dated as of January 10, 2008, by and among James River Group Holdings, Ltd., as Sponsor, Wilmington Trust Company, as Institutional Trustee and Delaware Trustee and the Administrators (as defined therein) for the benefit of the holders, from time to time, of undivided beneficial interest in Franklin Holdings II (Bermuda) Capital Trust I+   

4.17  
       
      Guarantee Agreement dated as of January 10, 2008, by and among James River Group Holdings, Ltd., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust Company, as Guarantee Trustee, for the benefit of the holders, from time to time, of the capital securities of Franklin Holdings II (Bermuda) Capital Trust I+   

10.1  
       
      Credit Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2013, among James River Group Holdings, Ltd., JRG Reinsurance Company, Ltd., the lenders named therein, and KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and Letter of Credit Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

10.2  
       
      Continuing Guaranty of Payment, dated as of June 5, 2013, among James River Group, Inc., as Guarantor, James River Group Holdings, Ltd. and JRG Reinsurance Company Ltd., as the Borrowers, pursuant to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2013, among the Borrowers, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and as Letter of Credit Issuer, and certain Lender parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

59   

Exhibit   
           Number    
         
       Description    
 
      10.3  
       
      First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2014, among James River Group Holdings, Ltd., JRG Reinsurance Company, Ltd., the lenders named therein, and KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and Letter of Credit Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

10.4  
       
      Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2015, among James River Group Holdings, Ltd., JRG Reinsurance Company, Ltd., the lenders named therein, and KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and Letter of Credit Issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2016, Commission File No. 001-36777)   

10.5  
       
      Continuing Guaranty of Payment, dated as of December 15, 2015, by James River Group Holdings UK Limited, pursuant to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2013, among James River Group Holdings, Ltd. and JRG Reinsurance Company Ltd., KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and as Letter of Credit Issuer, and certain Lender parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2016, Commission File No. 001-36777)   

10.6  
       
      Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2015, among James River Group Holdings, Ltd., JRG Reinsurance Company, Ltd., the lenders named therein, and Key Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 10, 2016, Commission File No. 001-36777)   

10.7  
       
      Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Waiver, dated as of April 22, 2016, among James River Group Holdings, Ltd., the lenders named therein, and KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2016, Commission File No. 001-36777)   

10.8  
       
      Form of Shareholder Indemnification Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2007, entered into by James River Group Holdings, Ltd. and James River Group, Inc., and each of (1) D. E. Shaw CF-SP Franklin, L.L.C., D. E. Shaw CH-SP Franklin, L.L.C., and D. E. Shaw Oculus Portfolios, L.L.C., (2) The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., (3) Sunlight Capital Ventures, LLC and Sunlight Capital Partners II, LLC and (4) Lehman Brothers Offshore Partners Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)   

10.9  
       
      Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 24, 2014)   

10.10  
       
      Amended and Restated James River Group Holdings, Ltd. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)*   

10.11  
       
      Form of Stock Option Agreement (Amended and Restated James River Group Holdings, Ltd. Equity Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 7, 2014)*   

10.12  
       
      First Amendment to the Amended and Restated James River Group Holdings, Ltd. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 24, 2014)*   

10.13  
       
      James River Group Holdings, Ltd. 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-199958, filed with the Commission on November 24, 2014)*   

60   

61   

Exhibit   
           Number    
         
       Description    
 
      10.27  
       
      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2014, by and among (1) James River Group Holdings, Ltd.; (2) (a) D. E. Shaw CH-SP Franklin, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, D. E. Shaw CF-SP Franklin, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, and D. E. Shaw Oculus Portfolios, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company; and (b) The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Goldman Sachs JRVR Investors Offshore, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership and (3) the persons identified as  Management Investors  on the signature pages thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company; Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2015, Commission File No. 001-36777)   

31.1  
       
      Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)   

31.2  
       
      Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)   

32  
       
      Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*  
      Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.     

+  
      Exhibit not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K.  The Company will furnish a copy to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.     

62   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1602506_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, J. Adam Abram, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of James River Group Holdings, Ltd.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ J. Adam Abram  

J. Adam Abram  

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1602506_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Gregg T. Davis, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of James River Group Holdings, Ltd.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statement for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ Gregg T. Davis  

Gregg T. Davis  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1602506_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

In connection with
the quarterly report of James River Group Holdings, Ltd. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof  (the  Report ), we, J. Adam
Abram, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Gregg T. Davis, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
to the best of our knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ J. Adam Abram  

J. Adam Abram  

Chairman and  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 4, 2016  

/s/ Gregg T. Davis  

Gregg T. Davis  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 jrvr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 jrvr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 jrvr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 jrvr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 jrvr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 jrvr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

