<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-Q_edgar_data_1610457_0001213900-16-019436_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1002205</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>41427</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>72221</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>237311</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>353054</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>271722</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019436.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161215113825
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019436
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Starlight Supply Chain Management Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001610457
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		IRS NUMBER:				901035363
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55718
		FILM NUMBER:		162052933

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RM 1001, UNIT 5, BUILDING 8, SHANGPIN
		STREET 2:		FUCHENG FUZE GARDEN,
		CITY:			SANHE CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8618600638662

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		RM 1001, UNIT 5, BUILDING 8, SHANGPIN
		STREET 2:		FUCHENG FUZE GARDEN,
		CITY:			SANHE CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIVE FIT CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140610

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019436.txt : 20161215

10-Q
 1
 f10q1016_starlightsupply.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

For
the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016  

OR  

For
the transition period from ________ to ________  

Commission
file number: 333-197291  

STARLIGHT
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMPANY   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada  
         
      90-1035363   
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction of  
                                                                               incorporation
                                         or organization)   
         
       (I.R.S.
                                         Employer  
                                                                               Identification
                                         Number)    

Room 805-806, Xinghe Century Towers A, CaiTian
Road No. 3069 

 Shenzhen City, Futian District, People s Republic of China 

(Address
of principal executive offices)  

+86-755-8254-8283 

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

(Former
name and former address, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes     No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer    
         
      Accelerated
    filer      

Non-accelerated
    filer   
         
       Smaller
reporting company     

(Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes     No
 .  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING  

  THE
PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes     No

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 20,700,000
shares of common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2016.  

Starlight
Supply Chain Management Company   

   -
INDEX -   

Page   
 
       PART
    I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION:   
     1  

Item
    1.  
      Financial
    Statements:  
      1   

Item
    2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      10   

Item
    3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      13   

Item
    4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures  
      13   

PART
    II   OTHER INFORMATION:   
      14   

Item
    1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings  
      14   

Item
    1A.  
      Risk
    Factors  
      14   

Item
    2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      14   

Item
    3.  
      Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities  
      14   

Item
    4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures.  
      14   

Item
    5.  
      Other
    Information  
      14   

Item
    6.  
      Exhibits  
      14   

Signatures  
      15   

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1.  Financial Statements.   

The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and should be read
in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company's Form 10-K filed with the SEC
on August 26, 2016. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a
fair presentation of financial position and the results of operations for the periods presented have been reflected herein. The
results of operations for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year
ending April 30, 2017.  

STARLIGHT
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMPANY   

INDEX
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

Page    

Unaudited
    Condensed Balance Sheets  
      2   

Unaudited
    Condensed Statements of Operations  
      3   

Statements
    of Stockholders  Equity  
      4   

Unaudited
    Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
      5   

Notes
    to the Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements  
      6   

STARLIGHT
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMPANY   

   Condensed
Balance Sheets   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements.   

STARLIGHT
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMPANY   

   Condensed
Statement of Operations   

    (Unaudited)    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements.   

STARLIGHT
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMPANY   

   Condensed
Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements.   

STARLIGHT
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMPANY   

   Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows   

    (Unaudited)    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited financial statements.   

STARLIGHT
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMPANY   

   Notes
to the Condensed Financial Statements   

   October
31, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

NOTE
1 - ORGANIZATION, CHANGE IN CONTROL AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   

STARLIGHT
SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT COMPANY  (the  Company ) is a Nevada corporation incorporated on December 13, 2013 under
the name Live Fit Corp. It was previously based in Frankfurt, Germany, and is now based in SanHe City, Heibei Province in the
Peoples Republic of China.  

On
August 14, 2015, a change in control occurred, and Pawel Piesiecki (the  Seller  or  Piesiecki ) entered
into a Stock Purchase Agreement with eight (8) entities (set forth below) formed under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
( Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Seller sold to the Purchasers an aggregate of 12,500,000 shares of the Company s
common stock, representing approximately 60.4% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock, for total consideration
of US$50,000. The source of the purchase price was from personal funds of the Purchasers. We refer to the transaction consummated
under the Stock Purchase Agreement as the  Transaction.   

The Transaction and
the change of control were previously reported in a Form 8-K that was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 19, 2015. Prior to the closing of the Transaction, the sole officer and director of the Company was Mr. Piesiecki. Mr.
Piesiecki resigned from his position as President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer effective immediately at the
closing and also resigned from his position as the sole director of the Company. Mr. Piesiecki s resignation as director
was effective on August 29, 2015, ten (10) days following the filing of the Information Statement on Schedule 14f-1 (the  Information
Statement ) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and distribution of the Information Statement
to the shareholders of the Company. In his capacity as a director, Mr. Piesiecki appointed Lu Zhong Hua to fill the vacancies
created by his resignation as the sole officer of the Company, and also appointed her to serve as a director of the Company. The
Information Statement was filed with the SEC on August 19, 2015, and was mailed to all shareholders of record on that same date.
Ms. Lu ZhongHua resigned on May 18, 2016 from all positions with the Company and appointed
Mr. Chan WaiLun as the sole director and officer. 

Previously,
the Company intended to offer both personal and group fitness training sessions online. At this time the Company has no specific
business, and new management and the controlling shareholders intend to seek to acquire one or more existing businesses that have
existing management, through merger or acquisition. Management of the Company will have virtually unlimited discretion in determining
the business activities in which the Company might engage. Further, the Company has no full-time employees and owns no real property.
The Company has no specific plans, arrangements, understandings or commitments with respect to any business combination.   

The
accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
and the Company s fiscal year end is April 30.  

NOTE
2 -   SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of Presentation   

The
Company prepares its financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( GAAP ). The accompanying interim unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles for interim financial information in accordance with Article 8 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial
statements. In the Company's opinion, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair
presentation have been included. Operating results for the six months ended October 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of
the results for the full years. While management of the Company believes that the disclosures presented herein are adequate and
not misleading, these interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the
footnotes thereto for the year ended April 30, 2016.   

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the
reported amounts for certain expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith estimates
and judgments.  

Fair
value of financial instruments   

FASB
ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement,  specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to
those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent
sources (observable inputs). In accordance with ASC 820, the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy:  

Level
1 Inputs   Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has
the ability to access.  

Level
2 Inputs   Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly.  

Level
3 Inputs   Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair
value measurements.  

ASC
820 requires the use of observable market data, when available, in making fair value measurements. When inputs used to measure
fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Valuation techniques used need to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. As of April 30, 2016 and 2015, none of the Company s
assets and liabilities was required to be reported at fair value on a recurring basis. Carrying values of non-derivative financial
instruments, including cash, accounts receivables, payables and accrued liabilities, approximate their fair values due to the
short term nature of these financial instruments. There were no changes in methods or assumptions during the periods presented.  

Escrow
Fund Receivable   

The
fund was escrowed by Brunson Chandler   Jones to settle our future professional fees in the United States.  

Commitments
and Contingencies   

The
Company follows ASC 450-20,  Loss Contingencies,  to report accounting for contingencies.  Liabilities for loss
contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable
that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.  There were no commitments
or contingencies at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016.  

Loss
per share   

The
loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the fiscal periods. For the three months
ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, there was no dilutive effect due to net loss.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

Management
has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial statements. The Company s
management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.  

NOTE
3 -   GOING
CONCERN   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the period ended October 31,
2016, the Company has a net loss from operations of $35,771, a working deficit of $85,009, and an accumulated deficit of $142,809
and has earned no revenues since inception.  

The
Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures,
working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending April 30, 2017.  

The
ability of the Company to continue operations is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to develop
its business plan.  In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private
placement offerings.  

These
factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

NOTE
4 - EQUITY   

Preferred
Stock   

The
Company has authorized 20,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of $0.001 per share.  The Board of Directors are authorized
to divide the authorized shares of Preferred Stock into one or more series, each of which shall be so designated as to distinguish
the shares thereof from the shares of all other series and classes.  

There
were no preferred shares issued and outstanding as at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016.  

Common
Shares   

The Company has authorized 4,000,000,000 common shares with a par value of $0.001 per share.  Each common
share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the corporation
is sought. 

On
September 13, 2016, the Board of Directors of Starlight Supply Chain Management Company ( Corporation ) approved resolutions
to increase the authorized number of shares of Common Stock from 4,000,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value Common Stock to 7,000,000,000
shares of $0.001 par value Common Stock ( Amendment ). On that same date, shareholders of the Corporation holding
60.39% of the Corporation s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock signed consent resolutions approving the Amendment.
On September 22, 2016, the Corporation filed an amendment to the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada
Secretary of State to increase the authorized shares of the Corporation s Common Stock.  

As
at October 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, the Company had 20,700,000 and 20,700,000 common shares issued and outstanding, respectively.  

The
Company has no stock option plan, warrants or other dilutive securities.  

NOTE
5 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

On
November 18, 2016, the Company closed on the share exchange with the shareholders (the  Sing Kong Stockholders ) of
Sing Kong Supply Chain Management Co. Limited ( Sing Kong-HK ), a Hong Kong company. As a result, Sing Kong-HK is
now a wholly owned subsidiary of Starlight. Starlight, the Sing Kong Stockholders and Sing Kong-HK shall sometimes be collectively
referred to as the  Parties.  Under the Exchange Agreement, the Sing Kong Stockholders exchanged all of the shares that
they held in Sing Kong-HK for 4,752,217,304 shares of Starlight s common stock. The consummation of the exchange transaction
under which Starlight acquired 100% of the equity ownership of Sing Kong-HK shall be referred to as the  Transaction.   

Sing Kong-HK operates its supply chain management business through
the use of a variable interest entity structure ( VIE ). It has established a wholly foreign owned entity, Starlight
Consultation Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. ( WFOE ) in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) that
has acquired effective control of Sing Kong Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. Shenzhen ( Sing Kong-China  or the  Operating
Company ) through the VIE structure. Sing Kong-China is 100% owned by a citizen of the PRC   Jessica Qu   who
also serves as its Chief Executive Officer. The contractual arrangements between Sing Kong-China and the WFOE enable us to exercise
effective control over, and realize substantially all of the economic risks and benefits arising from the activities of Sing Kong-China.
As a result, we will include the financial results of Sing Kong-China in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or U.S. GAAP, as if Sing Kong-China were a wholly-owned subsidiary
in our future filings. However, the contractual arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct
ownership. Sing Kong-HK, the WFOE and Sing Kong-China shall be collectively referred to as  Sing Kong.  

For
accounting purposes, the Transaction was treated as a reverse acquisition with Sing Kong-HK as the acquirer and Starlight as the
acquired party. When we refer in this report to business and financial information for periods prior to the consummation of the
Transaction, we are referring to the business and financial information of Sing Kong-HK unless the context suggests otherwise.  

Item
2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .  

Forward
Looking Statement Notice   

Certain
statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are  forward-looking statements  (within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) in regard to the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of
Starlight Supply Chain Management Company. ( we ,  us ,  our  or the  Company ) to be
materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
The Company's plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving its ability to identify a target candidate, to
negotiate the terms of the acquisition of the target candidate and then to consummate the acquisition. Assumptions relating to
the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future
business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of
the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the
assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly
Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included
herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the
objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved.  

Description
of Business   

The
Company intends to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived
advantages of being a publicly held corporation. Our principal business objective for the next twelve months and beyond such time
will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings.
The Company will not restrict our potential candidate target companies to any specific business, or industry or and, thus, may
acquire any type of business. Although Management has not restricted the geographical location of the target companies to China,
management believes that it is probable that the targets evaluation will be based in China or Asia.  

The
Company currently does not engage in any business activities that provide cash flow.  During the next twelve months
we anticipate incurring costs related to:  

(i)    filing
                                         periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and    

(ii)    investigating,
                                         analyzing and consummating an acquisition.    

We
believe we will be able to meet these costs through deferral of fees by certain service providers and additional amounts, as necessary,
to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors.  There are no assurances that
the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed. Currently, our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon our ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet our obligations
and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.  Our ability to continue as a
going concern is also dependent on our ability to find a suitable target company and enter into a possible reverse merger with
such company. Management's plan includes obtaining additional funds by equity financing through a reverse merger transaction and/or
related party advances, however there is no assurance of additional funding being available.  

The
Company may consider acquiring a business which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company in need of additional
funds for expansion into new products or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business
which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. In the alternative, a business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which
desires to establish a public trading market for its shares while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant expense,
and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering.  

Any
target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth,
including entities without established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent
in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we
may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly
ascertain or assess all significant risks. Our management anticipates that it will likely be able to effect only one business
combination, due primarily to our limited financing and the dilution of interest for present and prospective stockholders, which
is likely to occur as a result of our management's plan to offer a controlling interest to a target business in order to achieve
a tax-free reorganization. This lack of diversification should be considered a substantial risk in investing in us, because it
will not permit us to offset potential losses from one venture against gains from another.  

The
Company anticipates that the selection of a business combination will be complex and extremely risky.  Through information
obtained from industry publications and professionals, our management believes that there are numerous firms seeking the perceived
benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation include,
among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity
for the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits
to key employees, and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance
of stock. Potentially available business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development,
all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and
complex.  We do not currently intend to retain any entity to act as a  finder  to identify and analyze the merits
of potential target businesses.  

Results
of Operations   

The
Company is not currently conducting any active business operations. Management is focused upon trying to locate suitable acquisition
candidates. No revenue has been generated by the Company from December 13, 2013 (Inception) to October 31, 2016.  It
is unlikely the Company will have any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company,
of which there can be no assurance.  It is management's assertion that these circumstances may hinder the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern.  The Company's plan of operation for the next twelve months shall be to continue
its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates.   

The
following table provides selected financial data about our company for the period ended October 31, 2016 and the year ended April
30, 2016:  

For
the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015:   

For
the three months ended October 31, 2016, the Company had a net loss of $16,229, consisting of selling, general and administrative
expenses of $889, and professional fees of $15,340.  

For
the three months ended October 31, 2015, the Company had a net loss of $14,284 which was wholly professional fees.  

The increase in net loss of $1,945 was
primarily due to the increase in professional fees attributable to more professional services having been provided in the current
period. 

For
the six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015:   

For
the six months ended October 31, 2016, the Company had a net loss of $35,771, consisting of selling, general and administrative
expenses of $902, and professional fees of $34,869.  

For
the six months ended October 31, 2015, the Company had a net loss of $25,634, consisting of selling, general and administrative
expenses of $50, and professional fees of $25,584.  

The increase in net loss of $10,137 was
primarily due to the increase in professional fees attributable to more professional services having been provided in the current
period. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

As
of October 31, 2016, the Company had assets equal to $50, comprised exclusively of escrow funds receivable.  This
compares with assets of $50, comprised exclusively of escrow funds receivable as of April 30, 2016. The Company's liabilities
as of October 31, 2016 were $85,059.  This compares with total liabilities of $49,288 as of April 30, 2016. The
increase was mainly due to the increase of accrued liabilities. The Company can provide no assurance that it can continue to satisfy
its cash requirements for at least the next twelve months.  

The
following is a summary of the Company's cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing, and financing activities for the
six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  

The Company has nominal assets and has
generated no revenues since inception. The Company is also dependent upon the receipt of capital investment or other financing
to fund its ongoing operations and to execute its business plan of seeking a combination with a private operating company. In
addition, the Company is dependent upon certain related parties to provide continued funding and capital resources. If continued
funding and capital resources are unavailable on reasonable terms, the Company may not be able to implement its plan of operations. 

Going
Concern Consideration   

The Company has not commenced planned
principal operations. The Company had no revenues and incurred a net loss of $35,771 for the six months ended October 31, 2016.
In addition, the Company had working deficit of $85,009 and an accumulated deficit of $142,809 at October 31, 2016. These factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect
on the Company's financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

We
prepare our condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and apply
judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes
to be important at the time the condensed financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review our accounting policies
and how they are applied and disclosed in our condensed financial statements.  

While
we believe that the historical experience, current trends and other factors considered support the preparation of our condensed
financial statements in conformity with GAAP, actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material.  

Contractual
Obligations   

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information.  

Item
3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk .  

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information
required by this Item.  

Item
4.  Controls and Procedures .  

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's
rules, regulations and related forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Subsequent
to the change in control that occurred on August 14, 2015, our sole officer and director considered our disclosure controls and
procedures. Mrs. Lu concluded that we have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting because we do
not have an independent board of directors or audit committee or adequate segregation of duties since there is a single officer
and director. Further, we have no independent body to oversee our internal control over financial reporting. The lack of segregation
of duties is due to the limited nature and resources of the Company.   

We
plan to rectify these deficiencies upon consummation of a business combination with an operating company when we expect to have
sufficient resources so that a majority of the Board will consist of independent board members and the number of personnel performing
key functions in the Company can be increased so that duties can be better segregated. There can be no assurance that we will
have sufficient resources to accomplish these goals.  

Changes
in Internal Controls   

Our
sole officer and directorhas considered our internal controls. To the best of his knowledge there were no changes in our internal
controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended October 31, 2016 that could have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect our internal controls.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1.  Legal Proceedings.   

There
are presently no material pending legal proceedings to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries, any executive officer, any
owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of voting securities is a party or as to which any of its
property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it.  

Item
1A.  Risk Factors.   

As
a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide information
required by this Item.  

Item
2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None.  

Item
3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None.  

Item
4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
Applicable.  

Item
5.  Other Information.   

None.  

Item
6.  Exhibits .  

The
following exhibits are included as part of this report:  

EXHIBIT NO.  
       
      DESCRIPTION   
 
      31.1   
       
      Certificate
    of Principal Executive Officer and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1   
       
      Certificate
    of Principal Executive Officer and Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
    of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Dated:
    December 15, 2016  
       Starlight
    Supply Chain Management Company .   

By:  
         /s/
                                                                                                                  CHAN WaiLun    

Name: 
     CHAN WaiLun  

Title
        : 
     Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer  

15  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q1016ex31i_starlight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer   

   And   

   Principal
Financial Officer   

   Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

   and
Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427   

I,
CHAN WaiLun, certify that:  

1.    I have reviewed
this report on Form 10-Q of Starlight Supply Chain Management Company.;  

2.    Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based on
my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    I am responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
I have:  

a)    designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)    designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)    evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;  

d)    disclosed
in this report any change in registrant's internal control over financial reporting the occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.    I have disclosed,
based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the registrant's
board of directors (since there is no audit committee):  

a)    all deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)    any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

/s/
    CHAN     WaiLun    
 
      Date: December 15, 2016  
         
      CHAN WaiLun,   

Principal Executive Officer and  
Principal Financial
    Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10q1016ex32i_starlight.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Starlight Supply Chain Management Company. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for
the period ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, CHAN WaiLun, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to my knowledge:  

(1)    The
                                         Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
                                         Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)    The
                                         information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
                                         condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/
    CHAN     WaiLun    
 
      Date: December 15, 2016  
         
      CHAN WaiLun,   

Principal Executive Officer
        and  
Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 sscm-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 sscm-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 sscm-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 sscm-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 sscm-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 sscm-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

