<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1413507_0001413507-16-000185_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8426705</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>179087</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>456800</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2808768</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3587119</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1249687</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>58</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001413507-16-000185.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103160734
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001413507-16-000185
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYNERGY RESOURCES Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413507
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				202835920
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35245
		FILM NUMBER:		161971626

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1625 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-616-4300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1625 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SYNERGY RESOURCES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Brishlin Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071217

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Blue Star Energy Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070926

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001413507-16-000185.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 q31610-qsyrg20160930.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
    
  OR 

For the transition period from _______________________ to _______________________ 
    
  Commission file number:  001-35245 
    
  SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                 COLORADO 
    20-2835920 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (720) 616-4300 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes         No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such filing). Yes        No   o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                 Large accelerated filer      
    Accelerated filer    o 

Non-accelerated filer    o     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)     
    Smaller reporting company    o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act):  Yes   o     No     
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:    200,577,084   out  sta  nding shares of common stock as of   October 28, 2016  . 

SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
    
  Index 

Page 
      Part I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements (unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 
      
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
      
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
      
    4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
      
    5 

Item 2. 
    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
      
    25 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
      
    43 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
      
    44 

Part II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
      
    45 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
      
    45 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
      
    46 

Item 3. 
    Defaults of Senior Securities 
      
    46 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
      
    46 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 
      
    46 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
      
    47 

SIGNATURES 
      
    48 

SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (unaudited; in thousands, except share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
   2 

SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (unaudited; in thousands, except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
   3 

SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (unaudited; in thousands) 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information (See Note   17  ) 
    
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
   4 

SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (unaudited) 

1  . 
    Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
       
  Organization  :  Synergy Resources Corporation (the "Company," "we," "us," or "our") is engaged in oil and gas acquisition, exploration, development, and production activities, primarily in the Denver-Julesburg Basin ("D-J Basin") of Colorado.  The Company s common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE MKT under the symbol "SYRG." 
    
  Basis of Presentation:    The Company operates in   one   business segment, and all of its operations are located in the United States of America. 
    
  At the directive of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") to use "plain English" in public filings, the Company will use such terms as "we," "our," or the "Company" in place of Synergy Resources Corporation.  When such terms are used in this manner throughout this document, they are in reference only to the corporation, Synergy Resources Corporation, and are not used in reference to the Board of Directors, corporate officers, management, or any individual employee or group of employees. 
    
  The Company prepares its condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("US GAAP"). 
    
  Change of Year End:    On February 25, 2016, the Company's board of directors approved a change in fiscal year end from August 31 to December 31 effective with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016.  The prior year figures presented herein have been recast to conform to the new fiscal year end. 
    
  Interim Financial Information:    The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements included herein have been prepared by the Company pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC as promulgated in Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X.  The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   was derived from the Company's Transition Report on Form 10-K for the four months ended   December 31, 2015   as filed with the SEC on April 22, 2016.  Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such SEC rules and regulations.  The Company believes that the disclosures included are adequate to make the information presented not misleading and recommends that these condensed financial statements be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto for the four months ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  In our opinion, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained herein reflect all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring items, which are necessary for the fair presentation of the Company's financial position, results of operations, and cash flows on a basis consistent with that of its prior audited financial statements.  However, the results of operations for interim periods may not be indicative of results to be expected for the full fiscal year. 
    
  Major Customers:    The Company sells production to a limited number of customers.  Customers representing 10% or more of our oil and gas revenue for each of the periods presented are shown in the following table: 

* less than   10% 
    
  Based on the current demand for oil and natural gas, the availability of other buyers, and the Company having the option to sell to other buyers if conditions warrant, the Company believes that its oil and gas production can be sold in the market in the event that it is not sold to the Company s existing customers. 

5 

Accounts receivable consist primarily of receivables from oil and gas sales and amounts due from other working interest owners who are liable for their proportionate share of well costs.  The Company typically has the right to withhold future revenue disbursements to recover outstanding joint interest billings on outstanding receivables from joint interest owners. 
    
  Customers with balances greater than   10%   of total receivable balances as of each of the periods presented are shown in the following table: 

* less than   10% 
    
  The Company operates exclusively within the United States of America and, except for cash and short-term investments, all of the Company s assets are utilized in, and all of its revenues are derived from, the oil and gas industry. 
    
    Goodwill:    The Company s goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net identifiable assets acquired in a business combination.  Goodwill is not amortized and is tested for impairment annually or whenever other circumstances or events indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be recoverable.    We have historically performed the annual impairment assessment as of August 31   st   .  During 2016, we changed the date of our annual goodwill impairment assessment to October 1   st   .  With respect to its annual goodwill testing date, management believes that this voluntary change in accounting method is preferable as it better aligns the annual impairment testing date with the Company s new fiscal year end, which was also changed in 2016.  This change in assessment date was applied prospectively and did not delay, accelerate or avoid a potential impairment charge. 
    
  When evaluating goodwill for impairment, the Company may first perform an assessment of qualitative factors to determine if the fair value of the reporting unit is more-likely-than-not greater than its carrying amount.  If, based on the review of the qualitative factors, the Company determines it is not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the required two-step impairment test can be bypassed.  If the Company does not perform a qualitative assessment or if the fair value of the reporting unit is not more-likely-than-not greater than its carrying value, the Company must perform the first step of the two-step impairment test and calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit.  If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value, there is an indication that impairment may exist, and the second step must be performed to measure the amount of impairment loss.  The amount of impairment for goodwill is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill.      As a result of declining oil prices, the Company performed an interim goodwill test as of March 31, 2016 which did not result in an impairment.  The Company utilized a market approach in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit.  Th  e primary assumptions used in the Company's impairment evaluations are based on the best available market information at the time and reflect significant management judgments.  Changes in these assumptions or future economic conditions could impact the Company's conclusion regarding an impairment of goodwill and potentially result in a non-cash impairment loss in a future period. 
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements:     We evaluate the pronouncements of various authoritative accounting organizations to determine the impact of new accounting pronouncements on us.   
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" ("ASU 2016-09"), which intends to improve the accounting for share-based payment transactions.  The ASU changes several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including: (1) Accounting and Cash Flow Classification for Excess Tax Benefits and Deficiencies, (2) Forfeitures, and (3) Tax Withholding Requirements and Cash Flow Classification.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for public businesses for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)" ("ASU 2016-02"), which establishes a comprehensive new lease standard designed to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.  In transition, lessees  
  
   6 

and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach.  The modified retrospective approach includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply.  An entity that elects to apply the practical expedients will, in effect, continue to account for leases that commence before the effective date in accordance with previous US GAAP.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for public businesses for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)" ("ASU 2014-09"), which establishes a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard designed to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.  In doing so, companies may need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under current revenue recognition guidance.  ASU 2014-09 allows for the use of either the full or modified retrospective transition method, and the standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 including interim periods within that period, with early adoption permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  We are currently evaluating which transition approach to use and the impact of the adoption of this standard on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  There were various updates recently issued by the FASB, most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not expected to a have a material impact on our reported financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
    
    Change in estimate:    During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reduced its estimate for production taxes based on recent historical experience and additional information received during the period.  As a result, the Company decreased the accrual for production taxes to be paid by approximately   $3.6 million   which reduced our operating loss for the three- and nine-months ended September 30, 2016 by a corresponding amount, or   $0.02   per basic and diluted common share. 
    
    Reclassifications:    We have reclassified costs attributable to surface locations of   $4.5 million   from "Other property and equipment, net" to "Unproved properties and land, not subject to depletion" within the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets to conform prior period balances to current period presentation.  

2  . 
    Property and Equipment 
       
  The capitalized costs related to the Company s oil and gas producing activities were as follows (in thousands): 

The Company periodically reviews its oil and gas properties to determine if the carrying value of such assets exceeds  
  
   7 

estimated fair value.  For proved producing and non-producing properties, the Company performs a ceiling test each quarter to determine whether there has been an impairment to its capitalized costs.  Under the ceiling test, the value of the Company s reserves is calculated using the average of the published spot prices for WTI oil (per barrel) as of the first day of each of the previous twelve months, as well as the average of the published spot prices for Henry Hub (per MMBtu) as of the first day of each of the previous twelve months, each adjusted by lease or field for quality, transportation fees, and regional price differentials.  The   September 30, 2016   ceiling test used average realized prices of   $31.95   per barrel and   $2.21   per Mcf as compared to the   June 30, 2016   prices of   $33.82   per barrel and   $2.16   per Mcf, a change of approximately   (6)%   and   2%  , respectively.  As a result of these periodic reviews, the Company concluded that its net capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties exceeded the ceiling amount, resulting in the recognition of ceiling test impairments totaling   $25.5 million   and   $215.2 million   during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively.  During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , the Company's ceiling tests resulted in total impairments of   $96.3 million   and   $99.3 million  , respectively. 
    
  Capitalized Overhead:    A portion of the Company s overhead expenses are directly attributable to acquisition, exploration, and development activities.  Under the full cost method of accounting, these expenses, in the amounts shown in the table below, were capitalized in the full cost pool (in thousands): 

3  . 
    Acquisitions and Divestitures 
       
  Acquisitions 
    
  As a strategy, the Company seeks to acquire developed and undeveloped oil and gas properties, primarily in the core Wattenberg Field.  The objective of these acquisitions is to provide additional mineral acres upon which the Company can drill wells and produce hydrocarbons.    The Company acquired certain oil and gas and other assets that affect the comparability between the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , as described below. 
    
  August 2016 Acquisition 
    
  During August 2016, the Company completed   two   acquisitions of certain assets for a total purchase price of   $3.9 million   composed of cash and assumed liabilities.  The acquired properties were comprised primarily of undeveloped oil and gas leasehold interests. 
    
  June 2016 Acquisition 
    
  On   May 2, 2016  , we entered into a purchase and sale agreement ("GC Agreement") with a large publicly-traded company, pursuant to which we agreed to acquire a total of approximately   72,000   gross (  33,100   net) acres in an area referred to as the Greeley-Crescent project in the Wattenberg Field for   $505 million   (the "GC Acquisition").    Estimated net daily production from the acquired properties was approximately     2,400   barrels of oil equivalent ("BOE") at the time of entering into the GC Agreement.  
    
  On   June 14, 2016  , the Company closed on the portion of the assets comprised of the undeveloped oil and gas leasehold interests and non-operated production.  The effective date of this part of the transaction was April 1, 2016.  A second closing will cover the operated producing properties and is expected to be completed in 2017.  The Company has placed   $18.2 million   in escrow to be released upon the second closing.  For the second closing, the effective date will be April 1, 2016 for the horizontal wells to be acquired, and the first day of the calendar month in which the closing for such properties occurs for the vertical wells.  The second closing is subject to certain closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approval.  Accordingly, the second closing of the transaction may not close in the expected time frame or at all. 
    
  The first closing on   June 14, 2016   was for a total purchase price of   $487.4 million  , net of customary closing adjustments.  The purchase price was composed of   $486.3 million   in cash plus the assumption of certain liabilities.  The first closing encompassed approximately   33,100   net acres of oil and gas leasehold interests and related assets and net production of approximately   800   BOE per day ("BOED") at the time of   entering into the GC Agreement. 
    
  The first closing was accounted for using the acquisition method under ASC 805, Business Combinations, which requires the acquired assets and liabilities to be recorded at fair values as of the acquisition date of   June 14, 2016  .  Transaction costs of   $0.5 million     r  elated to the acquisition were expensed as incurred.  The following allocation of the purchase price is preliminary  
  
   8 

and includes significant use of estimates.  The fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are preliminary and are subject to revision as the Company continues to evaluate the fair value of this acquisition.  Accordingly, the allocation will change as additional information becomes available and is assessed, and the impact of such changes may be material.  The following table summarizes the preliminary purchase price and preliminary estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands): 

(1)    Proved oil and gas properties were measured primarily using an income approach.  The fair value measurements of the oil and gas assets were based, in part, on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement.  The significant inputs included assumed future production profiles, commodity prices (mainly based on observable market inputs), a discount rat  e of     11.5%  , a  nd assumptions regarding the timing and amount of future development and operating costs. 
    
  For th  e     three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the results of operations of the acquired assets, representing approximately     $2.0 million     and     $2.6 million     of revenue and     $1.8 million     and     $2.3 million     of operating income, respectively, have been included in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  The following table presents the unaudited pro forma combined results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as if the first closing had occurred on January 1, 2015.  The unaudited pro forma results reflect significant pro forma adjustments related to funding the acquisition through cash, additional depreciation expense, costs directly attributable to the acquisition, and operating costs incurred as a result of the assets acquired.  The pro forma results do not include any cost savings or other synergies that may result from the acquisition or any estimated costs that have been or will be incurred by the Company to integrate the properties acquired.  The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what actually would have occurred if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of the period, nor are they necessarily indicative of future results. 

February 2016 Acquisition 
    
  On February 4, 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of undeveloped oil and gas leasehold interests for a total purchase price of   $10.0 million  .  The purchase price has been allocated as   $8.6 million   to proved oil and gas properties and   $1.4 million   to unproved oil and gas properties on a preliminary basis.  This allocation reflects significant use of estimates. 
    
  October 2015 Acquisition 
    
  On   October 20, 2015  , the Company closed the acquisition of certain assets ("KPK Acquisition") from a private company for a total purchase price of   $85.2 million  , net of customary closing adjustments.  The purchase price was composed of   $35.0 million   in cash and   $49.8 million   in restricted common stock of the Company plus the assumption of certain liabilities.  The KPK Acquisition encompassed approximately   4,300   net acres of oil and gas leasehold interests and related assets and net production  
  
   9 

of approximately   1,200   BOED at the time of purchase. 
    
  The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method under ASC 805, Business Combinations, which requires the acquired assets and liabilities to be recorded at fair values as of the acquisition date of   October 20, 2015  .  Transaction costs related to the acquisition were expensed as incurred.  The following table summarizes the final purchase price and final fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands): 

(1)    The fair value of the consideration attributed to the common stock under ASC 805 was based on the Company's closing stock price on the measurement date of   October 20, 2015   (  4,418,413   shares at   $11.28   per share). 
   (2)    Proved oil and gas properties were measured primarily using an income approach.  The fair value measurements of the oil and gas assets were based, in part, on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement.  The significant inputs included assumed future production profiles, commodity prices (mainly based on observable market inputs), a discount rate of   12%  , and assumptions regarding the timing and amount of future development and operating costs. 
    
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the results of operations of the acquired assets, representing approximately   $1.2 million   and   $3.7 million   of revenue and   $1.0 million   and   $3.3 million   of operating income, respectively, have been included in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  The following table presents the unaudited pro forma combined results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   as if the transaction had occurred on January 1, 2015.  The unaudited pro forma results reflect significant pro forma adjustments related to funding the acquisition through the issuance of common stock and cash, additional depreciation expense, costs directly attributable to the acquisition, and operating costs incurred as a result of the assets acquired.  The pro forma results do not include any cost savings or other synergies that may result from the acquisition or any estimated costs that have been or will be incurred by the Company to integrate the properties acquired.  The pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of what actually would have occurred if the acquisition had been completed as of the beginning of the period, nor are they necessarily indicative of future results. 

10 

Divestitures 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company closed on   two   transactions involving the divestiture of approximately     3,700   net undeveloped acres and   107   vertical wells primarily in Adams County, Colorado for total consideration of   $25.2 million  , subject to customary purchase price adjustments.  We received   $24.2 million   in cash and transferred liabilities of   $0.5 million   to the buyers, and   $0.5 million   in cash was released to us from escrow in October 2016.  The divested assets had associated production of approximately   200   BOED at the time of sale.  The vertical well transaction closed in April 2016, and the undeveloped acreage transaction closed in June 2016. 

4  . 
    Depletion, depreciation, and accretion ("DD A") 
       
  Depletion, depreciation, and accretion consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Capitalized costs of proved oil and gas properties are depleted quarterly using the units-of-production method based on a depletion rate, which is calculated by comparing production volumes for the quarter to estimated total reserves at the beginning of the quarter.  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , production of   993   MBOE and   3,050   MBOE, respectively, represented   0.8%   and   2.4%   of estimated total proved reserves, respectively.  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , production of   1,102   MBOE and   2,490   MBOE, respectively, represented   1.9%   and   4.3%   of estimated total proved reserves, respectively.  DD A expense was   $9.70   per BOE and   $16.71   per BOE for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , DD A expense was   $10.82   per BOE and   $19.37   per BOE, respectively. 

5  . 
    Asset Retirement Obligations 
       
  The following table summarizes the changes in asset retirement obligations associated with the Company's oil and gas properties (in thousands). 

6  . 
    Revolving Credit Facility 
       
  The Company maintains a revolving credit facility ("Revolver") with a bank syndicate with a maturity date of   December 15, 2019  .  The Revolver is available for working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate purposes, and to support letters of credit.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the terms of the Revolver provide for up to   $500 million   in borrowings, subject to a borrowing base limitation of   $145 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   no   outstanding principal balance as compared to a principal balance of   $78.0 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  The Company has an outstanding letter of credit of approximately   $0.5 million  .  On October 14, 2016, the Revolver was increased from   $145 million   to   $160 million   in connection with the semi-annual redetermination of the borrowing base.  The next semi-annual redetermination is scheduled for   May 2017  . 

11 

Interest under the Revolver accrues monthly at a variable rate.  For each borrowing, the Company designates its choice of reference rates, which can be either the Prime Rate plus a margin or the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus a margin.  The interest rate margin, as well as other bank fees, varies with utilization of the Revolver.  The average annual interest rate for borrowings during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   2.63%   and   2.5%  , respectively. 
    
  Certain of the Company s assets, including substantially all of the producing wells and developed oil and gas leases, have been designated as collateral under the Revolver.  The borrowing commitment is subject to scheduled redeterminations on a semi-annual basis.  If certain events occur, or if the bank syndicate or the Company so elects, an unscheduled redetermination could be prepared. 
    
  The Revolver contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the payment of dividends and limits our overall commodity derivative position to a maximum position that varies over 5 years as a percentage of estimated proved developed producing or total proved reserves as projected in the semi-annual reserve report. 
     
  Furthermore, the Revolver requires the Company to maintain compliance with certain financial and liquidity ratio covenants.  Under the requirements, the Company, on a quarterly basis, must not (a) at any time permit its ratio of total funded debt as of such time to EBITDAX, as defined in the agreement, to be greater than or equal to   4.0   to 1.0; or (b) as of the last day o  f any fiscal quarter permit its current ratio, as defined in the agreement, to be less than     1.0     to 1.0.  As of     September 30, 2016  , the most recent compliance date, the C  ompany was in compliance with these loan covenants and expects to remain in compliance throughout the next 12-month period. 

7  . 
    Notes Payable 
       
  On June 14, 2016, the Company issued   $80 million   aggregate principal amount of   9.00%   Senior Unsecured Notes ("Senior Notes") in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers.  The maturity for the payment of principal is June 13, 2021.  Interest on the Notes accrues at   9.00%   and began accruing on June 14, 2016.  Interest is payable on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2016.  The Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of June 14, 2016 (the "Indenture") and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company s existing and future subsidiaries that incur or guarantee certain indebtedness, including indebtedness under the revolving credit facility.  The net proceeds from the sale of the Senior Notes were   $75.2 million   after deductions of   $4.8 million   for expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.  The net proceeds were used to fund the GC Acquisition as discussed further in Note   3  . 
    
  At any time prior to December 14, 2018, the Company may redeem all or a part of the Senior Notes subject to the Make-Whole Price (as defined in the Indenture) and accrued and unpaid interest.  On and after December 14, 2018, the Company may redeem all or a part of the Senior Notes at the redemption price at a specified percentage of the principal amount of the redeemed notes (  104.50%   for 2018,   102.25%   for 2019, and   100.0%   for 2020 and thereafter, during the twelve-month period beginning on December 14 of each applicable year), plus accrued and unpaid interest.  Additionally, prior to December 14, 2018, the Company can, on one or more occasions, redeem up to   35%   of the principal amount of the Senior Notes with all or a portion of the net cash proceeds of one or more Equity Offerings (as defined in the Indenture) at a redemption price equal to   109.00%   of the principal amount of the redeemed notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, subject to certain conditions. 
    
  The Indenture contains covenants that restrict the Company s ability and the ability of certain of its subsidiaries to, among other restrictions and limitations: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) incur liens; (iii) pay dividends; (iv) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its or their assets; (v) engage in transactions with affiliates; or (vi) engage in certain restricted business activities.  These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications. 
    
  As of     September 30, 2016  , the most recent compliance date, the C  ompany was in compliance with these loan covenants and expects to remain in compliance throughout the next 12-month period. 

8  . 
    Commodity Derivative Instruments 
       
  The Company has entered into commodity derivative instruments, as described below.  Our commodity derivative instruments may include but are not limited to "collars," "swaps," and "put" positions.  Our derivative strategy, including the volume amounts, whether we utilize oil and/or natural gas instruments, and the relevant commodity prices, is based in part on our view of expected future market conditions and our analysis of well-level economic return potential.  In addition, our use of derivative contracts is subject to stipulations set forth in the Revolver. 
    
  A "put" option gives the owner the right, but not the obligation, to sell the underlying commodity at a specified price (strike price) within a specific time period.  Depending on market conditions, strike prices, and the value of the contracts, we may,  
  
   12 

at times, purchase put options, which require us to pay premiums at the time we purchase the contracts.  These premiums represent the fair value of the purchased put as of the date of purchase.  Conversely, a "call" option gives the owner the right, but not the obligation, to purchase the underlying commodity at a specified price (strike price) within a specific time period.  
    
  Depending on market conditions, strike prices, and the value of the contracts, we may, at times, sell call options in conjunction with the purchase of put options to create "collars."  We regularly utilize "no premium" (a.k.a. zero cost) collars where, at settlement, we receive the difference between the published index price and a floor price if the index price is below the floor.  We pay the difference between the ceiling price and the index price if the index price is above the contracted ceiling price.  No amounts are paid or received if the index price is between the floor and the ceiling price. 
    
  Additionally, at times, we may enter into swaps.  Swaps are derivative contracts which obligate two counterparties to effectively trade the underlying commodity at a set price over a specified term.  
    
  The Company may, from time to time, add incremental derivatives to cover additional production, restructure existing derivative contracts or enter into new transactions to modify the terms of current contracts in order to realize the current value of the Company s existing positions.  The Company does not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes. 
    
  The use of derivatives involves the risk that the counterparties to such instruments will be unable to meet the financial terms of such contracts.  The Company s derivative contracts are currently with four counterparties and an exchange.    Two   of the counterparties are lenders in the Revolver.  The Company has netting arrangements with the counterparties that provide for the offset of payables against receivables from separate derivative arrangements with the counterparty in the event of contract termination.  The derivative contracts may be terminated by a non-defaulting party in the event of default by one of the parties to the agreement. 
    
  The Company s commodity derivative instruments are measured at fair value and are included in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets as commodity derivative assets or liabilities.  Unrealized gains and losses are recorded based on the changes in the fair values of the derivative instruments.  Both the unrealized and realized gains and losses resulting from contract settlement of derivatives are recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.  The Company s cash flow is only impacted when the actual settlements under commodity derivative contracts result in making or receiving a payment to or from the counterparty.  Actual cash settlements can occur at either the scheduled maturity date of the contract or at an earlier date if the contract is liquidated prior to its scheduled maturity.  These settlements under the commodity derivative contracts are reflected as operating activities in the Company s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 

13 

The Company s commodity derivative contracts as of   September 30, 2016   are summarized below: 

Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , the Company added the following positions: 

Offsetting of Derivative Assets and Liabilities 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , all derivative instruments held by the Company were subject to enforceable master netting arrangements held by various financial institutions.  In general, the terms of the Company s agreements provide for offsetting of amounts payable or receivable between the Company and the counterparty, at the election of either party, for transactions that occur on the same date and in the same currency.  The Company s agreements also provide that, in the event of an early termination, each party has the right to offset amounts owed or owing under that and any other agreement with the same counterparty.  The Company s accounting policy is to offset these positions in its condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  
   14 

The following table provides a reconciliation between the net assets and liabilities reflected on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets and the potential effect of master netting arrangements on the fair value of the Company s derivative contracts (in thousands): 

The amount of gain (loss) recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations related to derivative financial instruments was as follows (in thousands): 

Realized gains and losses include cash received from the monthly settlement of derivative contracts at their scheduled maturity date, the proceeds from early liquidation of in-the-money derivative contracts, and the previously incurred premiums attributable to settled commodity contracts.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company liquidated oil derivatives with an average strike price of   $82.79   and covering   372,500   bbls of oil and received cash settlements of approximately   $20.5 million  .  The following table summarizes derivative realized gains and losses during the periods presented (in thousands): 

15 

Credit Related Contingent Features 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   two   of the   five   counterparties to the Company's derivative instruments were members of the Company s credit facility syndicate.  The Company s obligations under the credit facility and its derivative contracts are secured by liens on substantially all of the Company s producing oil and gas properties.  The agreement with the third and fourth counterparties, which are not lenders under the credit facility, are unsecured and do not require the posting of collateral.  The agreement with the fifth counterparty is subject to an inter-creditor agreement between the counterparty and the Company s lenders under the credit facility. 

9  . 
    Fair Value Measurements 
       
  ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosure  , establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value for financial assets and liabilities that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available.  Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company.  Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances.  The hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows: 

Level 1: Quoted prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 
                
    Level 2: Quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities that are observable for the asset or liability; and 
                
    Level 3: Unobservable pricing inputs that are generally less observable from objective sources, such as discounted cash or valuation models. 
       
  The financial assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of the fair value of assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. 
    
  The Company s non-recurring fair value measurements include asset retirement obligations and purchase price allocations for the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired through business combinations.  
    
  The Company determines the estimated fair value of its asset retirement obligations by calculating the present value of estimated cash flows related to plugging and abandonment liabilities using Level 3 inputs.  The significant inputs used to calculate such liabilities include estimates of costs to be incurred, the Company s credit-adjusted risk-free rate, inflation rates, and estimated dates of abandonment.  The asset retirement liability is accreted to its present value each period, and the capitalized asset retirement cost is depleted as a component of the full cost pool using the units-of-production method.  See Note   5   for additional information. 
    
  The acquisition of a group of assets in a business combination transaction requires fair value estimates for assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  The fair value of assets and liabilities acquired through business combinations is calculated using a net discounted cash flow approach for the producing properties.  The discounted cash flows are developed using the income approach and are based on management s expectations for the future.  Unobservable inputs include estimates of future oil and gas production from the Company s reserve reports, commodity prices based on the NYMEX forward price curves as of the date of the estimate (adjusted for basis differentials), estimated operating and development costs, and a risk-adjusted discount rate (all of which are designated as Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy).  For unproved properties, fair value is determined using market comparables.  For the asset retirement liability assumed, the fair value is determined using the same inputs as described in the paragraph above.  See Note   3   for additional information. 
    
  The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   by level within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands): 

16 

Commodity Derivative Instruments 
    
  The Company determines its estimate of the fair value of commodity derivative instruments using a market approach based on several factors, including quoted market prices in active markets, quotes from third parties, the credit rating of each counterparty, and the Company s own credit standing.  In consideration of counterparty credit risk, the Company assessed the possibility of whether the counterparties to its derivative contracts would default by failing to make any contractually required payments.  The Company considers the counterparties to be of substantial credit quality and believes that they have the financial resources and willingness to meet their potential repayment obligations associated with the derivative transactions.  At   September 30, 2016  , derivative instruments utilized by the Company consist of puts and collars.  The crude oil and natural gas derivative markets are highly active.  Although the Company s derivative instruments are based on several factors, including public indices, the instruments themselves are primarily traded with third-party counterparties.  As such, the Company has classified these instruments as Level 2. 
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, commodity derivative instruments (discussed above), notes payable, and credit facility borrowings.  The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable are representative of their fair values due to their short-term maturities.  Due to the variable interest rate paid on the credit facility borrowings, the carrying value is representative of its fair value. 
    
  The fair value of the notes payable is estimated to be   $78.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  The Company determined the fair value of its notes payable at   September 30, 2016   by using observable market based information for debt instruments of similar amounts and duration.  The Company has classified the notes as Level 2. 

The components of interest expense are (in thousands): 

17 

11  . 
    Shareholders  Equity 
       
  The Company's classes of stock are summarized as follows: 

Preferred stock may be issued in series with such rights and preferences as may be determined by the Board of Directors.  Since inception, the Company has not issued any preferred shares. 
    
  Shares of the Company s common stock were issued during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as described further below. 
    
  Sales of common stock 
    
  In January 2016, the Company completed a public offering of its common stock in an underwritten public offering.  The Company agreed to sell   14,000,000   shares of its common stock to the Underwriters at a price of   $5.545   per share.  In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters were granted an option, exercisable within   30   days, to purchase up to an additional   2,100,000   shares of common stock on the same terms and conditions.  The option was exercised on January 26, 2016, bringing the total number of shares issued to   16,100,000  .  Net proceeds to the Company, after deduction of underwriting discounts and expenses payable by the Company, were   $89.2 million  .  Proceeds were used to repay amounts borrowed under the Revolver and for general corporate purposes, which included continuing to develop our acreage position in the Wattenberg Field in Colorado and funding a portion of our 2016 capital expenditure program. 
    
  In April 2016, the Company completed a public offering of its common stock in an underwritten public offering.  The Company agreed to sell   19,500,000   shares of its common stock to the Underwriters at a price of   $7.3535   per share.  In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters were granted an option, exercisable within   30   days, to purchase up to an additional   2,925,000   shares of common stock on the same terms and conditions.  The option was exercised on April 12, 2016, bringing the total number of shares issued to   22,425,000  .  Net proceeds to the Company, after deduction of underwriting discounts and expenses payable by the Company, were $  164.8 million  .  The Company used a portion of the proceeds of the offering to pay a portion of the purchase price of the GC Acquisition described in Note   3  . 
    
  In May 2016, the Company completed a public offering of its common stock in an underwritten public offering.  The Company agreed to sell   45,000,000   shares of its common stock to the Underwriters at a price of   $5.597   per share.  In addition, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriters were granted an option, exercisable within   30   days, to purchase up to an additional   6,750,000   shares of common stock on the same terms and conditions.  The option was exercised on June 6, 2016, bringing the total number of shares issued to   51,750,000  .  Net proceeds to the Company, after deduction of underwriting discounts and expenses payable by the Company, were   $289.4 million  .  The Company used a portion of the proceeds of the offering to pay a portion of the purchase price of the GC Acquisition described in Note   3  . 

18 

12  . 
    Weighted-Average Shares Outstanding 
       
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , none of the Company's outstanding equity grants had a dilutive effect on earnings per share.  The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding for the periods presented were not included in the respective weighted-average shares outstanding-diluted calculation, as such securities had an anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share: 

1    The number of awards assumes that the associated vesting condition is met at the target amount.  The final number of shares of the Company s common stock issued may vary depending on the performance multiplier, which ranges from   zero   to   two  , depending on the level of satisfaction of the vesting condition. 

13  . 
    Stock-Based Compensation 
       
  In addition to cash compensation, the Company may compensate employees and directors with equity-based compensation in the form of stock options, restricted stock units, stock bonus shares, warrants, and other equity awards.  The Company records its equity compensation by pro-rating the estimated grant date fair value of each grant over the period of time that the recipient is required to provide services to the Company (the "vesting phase").  The calculation of fair value is based, either directly or indirectly, on the quoted market value of the Company s common stock.  Indirect valuations are calculated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model or a Monte Carlo Model.  For the periods presented, all stock-based compensation was classified either as a component within general and administrative expense in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations, or, for that portion which is directly attributable to individuals performing acquisition, exploration, and development activities, was capitalized to the full cost pool. 
    
  The amount of stock-based compensation was as follows (in thousands): 

Stock options 
    
  During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company granted the following stock options: 

19 

The assumptions used in valuing stock options granted during each of the periods presented were as follows: 

The following table summarizes activity for stock options for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

The following table summarizes information about issued and outstanding stock options as of   September 30, 2016  : 

The estimated unrecognized compensation cost from stock options not vested as of   September 30, 2016  , which will be recognized ratably over the remaining vesting phase, is as follows: 
                     Unrecognized compensation, net of estimated forfeitures (in thousands) 
    $ 
    16,100 
      
      Remaining vesting phase 
    3.4 years 

Restricted stock units and stock bonus awards 
    
  The Company grants restricted stock units and stock bonus awards to directors, eligible employees and officers as a part of its equity incentive plan.  Restrictions and vesting periods for the awards are determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors and are set forth in the award agreements.  Each restricted stock unit or stock bonus award represents one share of the Company s common stock to be released from restrictions upon completion of the vesting period.  The awards typically vest in equal increments over   three   to   five years  .  Restricted stock units and stock bonus awards are valued at the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date and are recognized over the vesting period of the award. 

20 

The following table summarizes activity for restricted stock units and stock bonus awards for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

The estimated unrecognized compensation cost from restricted stock units and stock bonus awards not vested as of   September 30, 2016  , which will be recognized ratably over the remaining vesting phase, is as follows: 
                     Unrecognized compensation, net of estimated forfeitures (in thousands) 
    $ 
    7,575 
      
      Remaining vesting phase 
    2.9 years 

Performance-vested stock units 
    
  In March 2016, the Company granted performance-vested stock units ("PSUs") to certain executives under its long term incentive plan.  The number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued to settle PSUs ranges from   zero   to   two   times the number of PSUs awarded.  The shares issued for PSUs are determined based on the Company s performance over a   three  -year measurement period and vest in their entirety at the end of the measurement period.  The PSUs will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock following the end of the   three  -year performance cycle.  Any PSUs that have not vested at the end of the applicable measurement period are forfeited.  The vesting criterion for the PSUs is based on a comparison of the Company s total shareholder return ("TSR") for the measurement period compared with the TSRs of a group of peer companies for the same measurement period.  As the vesting criterion is linked to the Company's share price, it is considered a market condition for purposes of calculating the grant-date fair value of the awards. 
    
  The fair value of the PSUs was measured at the grant date with a stochastic process method using a Monte Carlo simulation.  A stochastic process is a mathematically defined equation that can create a series of outcomes over time.  These outcomes are not deterministic in nature, which means that by iterating the equations multiple times, different results will be obtained for those iterations.  In the case of the Company s PSUs, the Company cannot predict with certainty the path its stock price or the stock prices of its peers will take over the performance period.  By using a stochastic simulation, the Company can create multiple prospective stock pathways, statistically analyze these simulations, and ultimately make inferences regarding the most likely path the stock price will take.  As such, because future stock prices are stochastic, or probabilistic with some direction in nature, the stochastic method, specifically the Monte Carlo Model, is deemed an appropriate method by which to determine the fair value of the PSUs.  Significant assumptions used in this simulation include the Company s expected volatility, risk-free interest rate based on U.S. Treasury yield curve rates with maturities consistent with the measurement period, as well as the volatilities for each of the Company s peers. 
    
  The assumptions used in valuing the PSUs granted were as follows: 

21 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company granted   490,713   PSUs to certain executives.  The fair value of the PSUs granted during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $4.0 million  .  As of   September 30, 2016  , unrecognized compensation expense for PSUs was   $3.2 million   and will be amortized through 2018.  A summary of the status and activity of PSUs is presented in the following table: 

1    The number of awards assumes that the associated vesting condition is met at the target amount.  The final number of shares of the Company s common stock issued may vary depending on the performance multiplier, which ranges from   zero   to   two  , depending on the level of satisfaction of the vesting condition. 

We evaluate and update our estimated annual effective income tax rate on a quarterly basis based on current and forecasted operating results and tax laws.  Consequently, based upon the mix and timing of our actual earnings compared to annual projections, our effective tax rate may vary quarterly and may make quarterly comparisons not meaningful.  The quarterly income tax provision is generally comprised of tax expense on income or benefit on loss at the most recent estimated annual effective tax rate, adjusted for the effect of discrete items. 
    
  The effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   0%   compared to   14%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is based upon a full year forecasted tax provision and differs from the statutory rate, primarily due to the recognition of a valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets.  The effective tax rate for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   differs from the statutory rate primarily due to state taxes and nondeductible officers' compensation, partially offset by percentage depletion.  There were no significant discrete items recorded during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no liability for unrecognized tax benefits.  The Company believes that there are no new items, nor changes in facts or judgments that should impact the Company s tax position.  Given the substantial NOL carryforwards at both the federal and state levels, it is anticipated that any changes resulting from a tax examination would simply adjust the carryforwards, and would not result in significant interest expense or penalties.  Most of the Company's tax returns filed since August 31, 2011 are still subject to examination by tax authorities.  As of the date of this report, we are current with our income tax filings in all applicable state jurisdictions, and we are not currently under any state income tax examinations. 
    
  No significant uncertain tax positions were identified as of any date on or before   September 30, 2016  .  The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax benefits in income tax expense.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has not recognized any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax benefits. 
    
       Each period, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.  Based upon our cumulative losses through   September 30, 2016  , we have provided a full valuation allowance reducing the net realizable benefits. 

15  . 
    Related Party Transactions 
       
    Consulting agreements:   Subsequent to their tenure as co-CEOs, which ended on December 31, 2015, the Company entered into consulting agreements with Ed Holloway and William Scaff, Jr. through May 31, 2016.  During this period, each was paid   $70,000   per month, or   $350,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

22 

16  . 
    Other Commitments and Contingencies 
       
  Volume Commitments 
    
  The Company has crude oil transportation agreements with   three   counterparties.  Deliveries under   two   of the transportation agreements commenced during 2015.  Deliveries under the third transportation agreement are not expected to commence until late in 2016. 
    
  Pursuant to these agreements, we must deliver specific amounts of crude oil either from our own production or from oil we acquire from third parties.  If we are unable to fulfill all of our contractual obligations, we may be required to pay penalties or damages pursuant to these agreements.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our commitments over the next five years are as follows: 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred transportation deficiency charges of   $505,000   as we were unable to meet all of the obligations during the period.  We anticipate that our current gross operated production will be near our delivery obligations for the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  Office and yard leases 
    
    In September 2016, the Company entered into a new sixty-five-month lease for the Company s principal office space located in Denver, which is expected to commence in the first quarter of 2017.  At the Company's current location, lease expense is approximately   $50,000   per month which will continue until the new space is ready to be occupied.  Rent under the new lease is approximately   $62,000   per month.  In July 2016, the Company entered into a field office lease in Greeley which requires monthly payments of   $7,500     through October 2021.  The Company intends to terminate its current Platteville office lease once the field personnel are fully relocated to the Greeley office, which is anticipated to occur by year end 2016.  The Platteville lease expense is currently   $15,000   per month on a month-to-month basis and is leased from   two   former members of the Company s board of directors. 
    
  Litigation 
    
  From time to time, the Company is a party to various commercial and regulatory claims, pending or threatened legal action, and other proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.  It is the opinion of management that none of the current matters of contention are reasonably likely to have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
    
  On June 1, 2015, the Company filed a complaint in the District Court of Weld County, Colorado, against Briller, Inc., R.W.L. Enterprises, and Robert W. Loveless (together, the "Defendants") arising from a dispute concerning the validity of certain leases covering oil and gas properties in Weld County, Colorado.  In June 2015, the Defendants removed the case to the Federal District Court of Colorado and filed an answer and counterclaims including claims for trespass.  In May 2016, the Court ruled that the Defendants  lease is valid.  In October 2016, a jury heard evidence on the trespass issue and found against the Company.  The Company and Defendants are in negotiations to settle this matter, but cannot guarantee that a settlement will be reached.  The Company does not believe that any terms reached in a settlement would have a material effect on the Company.  If no settlement is reached, the equitable remedy awarded to Defendants, if any, would be determined by the judge in the case.  At this time, it is not possible to estimate what the equitable remedy, if any, would be. 

23 

Environmental 
    
  Due to the nature of the natural gas and oil industry, we are exposed to environmental risks.  We have various policies and procedures to minimize and mitigate the risks from environmental contamination.  We conduct periodic reviews and simulated drills to identify changes in our environmental risk profile.  Liabilities are recorded when environmental damages resulting from past events are probable, and the costs can be reasonably estimated.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had accrued environmental liabilities in the amount of   $0.4 million  , included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheet.  We are not aware of any environmental claims existing as of   September 30, 2016   which have not been provided for or would otherwise have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements; however, there can be no assurance that current regulatory requirements will not change or that unknown past non-compliance with environmental laws or unknown historic releases will not be discovered on our properties. 
       
  In addition, in July 2016, we were informed by the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment's Air Quality Control Commission's Air Pollution Control Division ("CDPHE") that it expects to expand its inspection of the Company's facilities in connection with a Compliance Advisory previously issued by the CDPHE and subsequent inspections conducted by the CDPHE.  The Compliance Advisory alleged issues at   five   Company facilities regarding leakages of volatile organic compounds from storage tanks, all of which were promptly addressed.  A subsequent August 2016 tolling agreement between the Company and CDPHE alleged similar storage tank leakage issues at   three   additional Company facilities, all of which were also promptly addressed.      We are working with the CDPHE to respond to any continuing concerns, but have not yet been informed of additional facilities to be inspected or additional issues that have been identified.  We cannot predict the outcome of this matter. 

17  . 
    Supplemental Schedule of Information to the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
       
  The following table supplements the cash flow information presented in the condensed consolidated financial statements for the periods presented (in thousands): 

On September 26, 2016, the Company entered into   two   purchase and sale agreements for certain assets for a total purchase price of   $8.0 million  , subject to customary closing conditions and purchase price adjustments.  The acquired properties were comprised solely of oil and gas leasehold interests in the D-J Basin of Colorado.  The acquisition's preliminary closing was on October 21, 2016 with an effective date of July 1, 2016. 

24 

ITEM   2  . 
    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis was prepared to supplement information contained in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and is intended to explain certain items regarding the Company's financial condition as of   September 30, 2016  , and its results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  It should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto contained in this report as well as the audited financial statements included in the Transition Report on Form 10-K for the four months ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on April 22, 2016. 

Overview 
    
  Synergy Resources Corporation is a growth-oriented independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, development, and production of crude oil and natural gas in the D-J Basin, which we believe to be one of the premier, liquids-rich oil and gas resource plays in the United States.  The D-J Basin generally extends from the Denver metropolitan area throughout northeast Colorado into Wyoming, Nebraska, and Kansas.  It contains hydrocarbon-bearing deposits in several formations, including the Niobrara, Codell, Greenhorn, Shannon, Sussex, J-Sand and D-Sand.  The area has produced oil and gas for over fifty years and benefits from established infrastructure including midstream and refining capacity, long reserve life, and multiple service providers. 
    
  Our drilling and completion activities are focused in the Wattenberg Field, predominantly in Weld County, Colorado, an area that covers the western flank of the D-J Basin.  Currently, we are focused on the horizontal development of the Codell and Niobrara formations, which are characterized by relatively high liquids content. 
    
  All of our producing wells are either in or adjacent to the Wattenberg Field.  We strive to maintain a high net revenue interest in all of our operations and currently operate approximately   66%   of our proved producing reserves, and our planned fiscal   2016   and 2017 drilling and completion expenditures are focused on the Wattenberg Field.  This gives us both operational focus and development flexibility to maximize returns on our leasehold position. 

Market Conditions 
    
  Market prices for our products significantly impact our revenues, net income, and cash flow.  The market prices for crude oil and natural gas are inherently volatile.  To provide historical perspective, the following table presents the average annual NYMEX prices for oil and natural gas for each of the last five fiscal years. 

25 

For the periods presented in this report, the following table presents the Reference Price (derived from average NYMEX prices weighted to reflect monthly sales volumes) as well as the differential between the Reference Price and the wellhead prices realized by us. 

Market conditions in the Wattenberg Field require us to sell oil at prices less than the prices posted by the NYMEX.  The negative differential between the prices actually received by us at the wellhead and the published indices reflects deductions imposed upon us by the purchasers for location and quality adjustments.  We continue to negotiate with crude oil purchasers to obtain better differentials on any barrels above our pipeline commitments.  With regard to the sale of natural gas, our received prices include payment for a percentage of the value attributable to the natural gas liquids produced with the gas. 
    
  Price fluctuations can impact many aspects of our operations.  For additional discussion concerning the potential impacts from declining commodity prices, please see "Drilling and Completion Operations," "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Oil and Gas Commodity Contracts," and "Trends and Outlook." 

Core Operations 
    
  The following     table p  rovides details about our ownership interests with respect to vertical and horizontal producing wells as of   September 30, 2016  : 

In addition to the producing wells summarized in the preceding table, as of   September 30, 2016  , we were the operator of   44   gross (  41   net) wells in progress, which excludes 9 gross (9 net) wells for which we have only set surface casings. 

Production 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , our average daily production   decreased   to   10,794   BOED as compared to   11,975   BOED for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , our average net daily production was   11,133   BOED.  By comparison, during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , our average production rate was   9,119   BOED.  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximatel  y     93%     of     our daily production was from horizontal wells. 

26 

Strategy 
    
  Our primary objective is to enhance shareholder value by increasing our net asset value, net reserves and cash flow through development, exploitation, exploration, and acquisitions of oil and gas properties.  With current economic conditions, we intend to follow a balanced risk strategy by allocating capital expenditures to lower risk development and exploitation activities.  Key elements of our business strategy include the following: 

Concentrate on our existing core area in and around the D-J Basin, where we have significant operating experience.    All of our current wells and our undeveloped acreage is located either in or adjacent to the Wattenberg Field.  Focusing our operations in this area leverages our management, technical and operational experience in the basin. 

Develop and exploit existing oil and natural gas properties.    Since inception, our principal growth strategy has been to develop and exploit our properties to add reserves.  In the Wattenberg Field, we target three benches of the Niobrara formation as well as the Codell formation for horizontal drilling and production.  We believe horizontal drilling is the most efficient way to recover the potential hydrocarbons and consider the Wattenberg Field to be relatively low-risk because information gained from the large number of existing wells can be applied to potential future wells.  There is enough similarity between wells in the Wattenberg Field that the exploitation process is generally repeatable. 

Improve hydrocarbon recovery through increased well density.      We utilize what we believe to be industry best practices in our effort to determine the optimal recovery area for each well.  Early horizontal well development in the Wattenberg Field generally assumed optimal recoveries would be obtained utilizing between 12 and 16 wells per 640-acre section.  As horizontal well development has matured, well density assumptions have generally increased beyond 16 wells per section depending on the specific area of the field being drilled. 

Complete selective acquisitions.    We seek to acquire developed and undeveloped oil and gas properties, primarily in the Wattenberg Field.  We generally seek acquisitions that will provide us with opportunities for reserve additions and increased cash flow through production enhancement and additional development and exploratory prospect generation. 

Retain control over the operation of a substantial portion of our production.    As operator of a majority of our wells and undeveloped acreage, we control the timing and selection of new wells to be drilled or existing wells to be re-completed.  This allows us to modify our capital spending as our financial resources and underlying lease terms allow and market conditions permit. 

Maintain financial flexibility while focusing on operational cost control.    We strive to be a cost-efficient operator and to maintain a relatively low utilization of debt, which enhances our financial flexibility.  Our high degree of operational control, as well as our focus on operating efficiencies and short return on investment cycle times, is central to our operating strategy. 

Use the latest technology to maximize returns.    Our development objective for individual well execution optimization is to drill and complete wells with lateral lengths of 7,000' to 10,000' as opposed to the 4,000' laterals that were initially drilled in the Wattenberg Field.  Utilizing petrophysical and seismic data, a 3-D model is developed for each section to assist in determining optimal wellbore placement, well spacing, and stimulation design. This process is augmented with formation specific drilling and completion execution designs and coupled with localized production results to provide a continuous improvement philosophy in optimizing the value per acre of our leasehold throughout our development program.  

Significant Developments 
    
  Acquisition and Divestiture Activity 
    
  Acquisitions 
    
  On May 2, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase a total of approximately   72,000   gross (  33,100   net) acres located in an area known as the Greeley-Crescent project in Weld County Colorado, primarily in and around the city of Greeley, for   $505 million  .  Estimated net daily production from the acquired properties was approximately   2,400   BOE   at the time of entering into the GC Agreement  . 
    
  On   June 14, 2016  , the Company closed on the portion of the assets comprised of the undeveloped lands and non-operated production.  The effective date of this part of the transaction was April 1, 2016, and the purchase price was   $487.4 million  ,  
  
   27 

comprised of   $486.3 million   in cash and the assumption of certain liabilities.  The second closing will cover the operated producing properties and is expected to be completed in 2017.  The Company has placed   $18.2 million   in escrow  to be released upon the second closing.  For the second closing, the effective date will be April 1, 2016 for the horizontal wells to be acquired and the first day of the calendar month in which the closing for such properties occurs for the vertical wells.  The second closing is subject to certain closing conditions, including the receipt of a regulatory approval.  Accordingly, the second closing of the transaction may not close in the expected time frame or at all. 
    
  On February 4, 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of undeveloped oil and gas leasehold interests in the D-J Basin for a total purchase price of   $10.0 million  .  The purchase price has been allocated as   $8.6 million   to proved oil and gas properties and   $1.4 million   to unproved oil and gas properties on a preliminary basis.  This allocation reflects significant use of estimates. 
    
  Divestitures 
    
  In April 2016, the Company agreed to divest approximately   3,700   net undeveloped acres and 107 vertical wells primarily in Adams County, Colorado for total consideration of approximately   $25.2 million   in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments.  We have received   $24.2 million   in cash and transferred liabilities of $0.5 million to the buyers, and   $0.5 million     in cash was released to us from escrow in October 2016.  The divested assets had associated production of approximately 200 BOED.  The vertical well transaction closed in April 2016, and the undeveloped acreage transaction closed in June 2016. 
    
  Financing and Other 
    
  Equity offerings 
    
  On January 27, 2016, the Company closed on the sale of   16,100,000   shares of common stock pursuant to an underwriting agreement with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, acting severally on behalf of itself and the other underwriters.  The price to the Company was   $5.545   per share and net proceeds to the Company, after deduction of underwriting discounts and expenses payable by the Company, were   $89.2 million  .  Proceeds were used to repay amounts borrowed under the Revolver and for general corporate purposes, which included continuing to develop our acreage position in the Wattenberg Field in Colorado and funding a portion of our 2016 capital expenditure program. 
    
  On April 14, 2016, the Company closed on the sale of an additional   22,425,000   shares of common stock pursuant to an underwriting agreement with the same underwriters.  The price to the Company was   $7.3535   per share and net proceeds to the Company, after deduction of underwriting discounts and expenses payable by the Company, were   $164.8 million  .  The proceeds of this offering were used for general corporate purposes, including to fund the GC Acquisition. 
    
  In May and June 2016, the Company closed on the sale of an additional   51,750,000   shares of common stock pursuant to an underwriting agreement with the same underwriters.  The price to the Company was   $5.597   per share and net proceeds to the Company, after deduction of underwriting discounts and expenses payable by the Company, were   $289.4 million  .  The proceeds of this offering were used for general corporate purposes, including to fund the GC Acquisition. 
    
  Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  We continue to maintain a borrowing arrangement with our bank syndicate to provide us with liquidity, which could be used to develop oil and gas properties, acquire new oil and gas properties, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.  As of   September 30, 2016  , this revolving credit facility (sometimes referred to as the "Revolver") provides for maximum borrowings of   $500 million  , subject to adjustments based upon a borrowing base calculation, which is re-determined semi-annually using updated reserve reports.  The Revolver is collateralized by certain of our assets, including producing properties, and bears a variable interest rate on borrowings, with the effective rate varying with utilization.  The Revolver expires on   December 15, 2019  .  See further discussion in Note   6   to our condensed consolidated financial statements 
    
  On October 14, 2016, the Revolver was amended in connection with the semi-annual redetermination of the borrowing base.  The borrowing base was increased from   $145 million   to   $160 million  .  Approximately   $159.5 million   of the borrowing base was available to use for future borrowings subsequent to this redetermination. 
    
  The Revolver also contains covenants that, among other things, restrict the payment of dividends and limits our overall commodity derivative position to a maximum position that varies over 5 years as a percentage of estimated proved reserves as projected in the semi-annual reserve report. 

28 

Furthermore, the Revolver requires the Company to maintain compliance with certain financial and liquidity ratio covenants.  Under the requirements, the Company, on a quarterly basis, must not (a) at any time permit its ratio of total funded debt as of such time to EBITDAX, as defined in the agreement, to be greater than or equal to   4.0   to 1.0; or (b) as of the last day o  f any fiscal quarter permit its current ratio, as defined in the agreement, to be less than     1.0     to 1.0.  As of     September 30, 2016  , the most recent compliance date, the C  ompany was in compliance with these loan covenants and expects to remain in compliance throughout the next 12-month period. 
    
  Senior Notes 
    
  On June 14, 2016, the Company issued $80 million aggregate principal amount of 9.00% Senior Unsecured Notes ("Senior Notes") in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers.  The maturity for the payment of principal is June 13, 2021.  Interest on the Notes accrues at 9.00% and began accruing on June 14, 2016.  Interest is payable on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2016.  The Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of June 14, 2016 (the "Indenture") and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company s existing and future subsidiaries that incur or guarantee certain indebtedness, including indebtedness under the revolving credit facility.  The net proceeds from the sale of the Senior Notes were   $75.2 million   after deductions of   $4.8 million   for expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.  The net proceeds were used to fund the GC Acquisition.  The Indenture contains covenants that restrict the Company s ability and the ability of certain of its subsidiaries to, among other restrictions and limitations: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) incur liens; (iii) pay dividends; (iv) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its or their assets; (v) engage in transactions with affiliates; or (vi) engage in certain restricted business activities.  These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications. 
    
  Impairment of full cost pool 
    
  Every quarter, we perform a ceiling test as prescribed by SEC regulations for entities following the full cost method of accounting.  This test determines a limit on the book value of oil and gas properties using a formula to estimate future net cash flows from oil and gas reserves.  This formula is dependent on several factors and assumes future oil and natural gas prices to be equal to an unweighted arithmetic average of oil and natural gas prices derived from each of the 12 months prior to the reporting period.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , these calculations indicated that the ceiling amount had declined, largely as a result of the decline in oil and natural gas prices, such that the ceiling was less than the net book value of oil and gas properties.  The   September 30, 2016   ceiling test used average realized prices of   $31.95   per barrel and   $2.21   per Mcf as compared to the   June 30, 2016   prices of   $33.82   per barrel and   $2.16   per Mcf, a change of approximately   (6)%   and   2%  , respectively.  As a result, we recorded a non-cash ceiling test impairments totaling   $25.5 million   and   $215.2 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively.  If we would have used NYMEX strip pricing instead of the pricing prescribed by SEC regulations, we would not have incurred an impairment at September 30, 2016.  Each of these   full cost ceiling impairments is recognized as a charge to earnings and may not be reversed in future periods, even if oil and natural gas prices subsequently increase.  Declining commodity prices, other adverse market conditions, acquisitions, or divestitures could result in further ceiling test write-downs in the future. 

Drilling and Completion Operations 
    
  Our drilling and completion schedule drives our production forecast and our expected future cash flows.  As commodity prices have fallen over the past two years, we have been able to reduce per-well drilling and completion costs.  We believe that at current drilling and completion cost levels and with currently prevailing commodity prices, we can achieve reasonable well-level rates of return when drilling mid-length or long laterals.  Should commodity prices weaken further our operational flexibility will allow us to adjust our drilling and completion schedule, if prudent.  If management believes the well-level internal rate of return will be at or below our weighted-average cost of capital, we may choose to delay completions and/or forego drilling altogether.  Conversely, if commodity prices move higher, we may choose to accelerate drilling and completions activities. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we drilled 35 operated horizontal wells, completing 10 of them.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we are the operator of   44   gross (  41   net) horizontal wells in progress, which excludes 9 gross (9 net) horizontal wells for which we have only set surface casings.  For 2016 as a whole, we expect to drill 55 gross (52 net) operated horizontal wells of mostly mid-length and long laterals targeting the Codell and Niobrara zones. 
    
  In addition, we participated in drilling and completion activities   on 2 gross (0.19 net) non-operated horizontal wells d  uring the   third   quarter.    As of     September 30, 2016  , we are participating in     17     gross (  1.58     net) non-operated horizontal wells in progress. 

29 

Other Operations 
    
  We continue to be opportunistic with respect to acquisition efforts.  In an effort to extend the length of laterals in our wells, we continue to enter into land and working interest swaps to increase our overall leasehold interest. 

Trends and Outlook 
    
  Oil traded at     $37.13     per Bbl on     December 31, 2015  , but increased approximately     29%     through     September 30, 2016     to     $47.72  .  Natural gas traded at     $2.34     per Mcf on     December 31, 2015  , but increased approximately     24%     through     September 30, 2016     to     $2.91  .  Although oil prices have risen in the last six     months, oil prices continue to remain significantly lower than their 2014 levels, which were near $100/bbl, and early 2015 levels, which were near $55/bbl.  Lower oil prices (i) will reduce our cash flow which, in turn, could reduce the funds available for exploring and replacing oil and gas reserves, (ii) could potentially reduce our current Revolver borrowing base capacity and increase the difficulty of obtaining equity and debt financing and worsen the terms on which such financing may be obtained, (iii) could reduce the number of oil and gas prospects which have reasonable economic returns, (iv) may cause us to allow leases to expire based upon the value of potential oil and gas reserves in relation to the costs of exploration, (v) may result in marginally productive oil and gas wells being abandoned as non-commercial, and (vi) may cause a ceiling test impairment. 
    
  Other factors that will most significantly affect our results of operations include (i) activities on properties that we operate, (ii) the marketability of our production, (iii) our ability to satisfy our financial and transportation obligations, (iv) completion of acquisitions of additional properties and reserves, and (v) competition from larger companies.  Our revenues will also be significantly impacted by our ability to maintain or increase oil or gas production through exploration and development activities. 
    
  We utilize what we believe to be industry best practices in our effort to determine the optimal recovery area for each well.  Early horizontal well development in the Wattenberg Field generally assumed optimal recoveries would be obtained utilizing between 12 and 16 wells per 640-acre section.  As horizontal well development has matured, well density assumptions have generally increased beyond 16 wells per section depending on the specific area of the field being drilled. 
    
  The decline in commodity prices since late 2014 has led to a corresponding decline in service costs, which directly relate to our drilling and completion costs.  We have been able to reduce drilling and completion costs due to a combination of optimizing well designs, lower contract rates for drilling rigs, fewer average days to drill, and lower completion costs.  This focus on cost reduction has supported well-level economics in spite of the severe drop in the prices of crude oil and natural gas.  We continue to strive to reduce drilling and completion costs going forward to offset the negative impacts associated with lower commodity prices, but we do not believe that we will achieve the same percentage reduction of costs during the remainder of 2016, and well-level rates of return may be lower, particularly if service costs start to escalate and/or commodity prices decline. 
    
  From time to time, our production has been adversely impacted by high natural gas gathering line pressures.  Where it is cost effective, we install wellhead compression to enhance our ability to inject gas into the gathering system and, in some instances, install larger gathering lines to help mitigate the impacts.  Additionally, midstream companies that operate the gas gathering pipelines in the area continue to make significant capital investments to increase their capacities.  While these actions have helped reduce overall line pressures in the field, some of our producing locations have been curtailed on occasion due to line pressures exceeding system limits. 
    
  We have begun the use of oil gathering lines to certain production locations.  We anticipate that these gathering systems would be owned and operated by independent third parties, but that we would commit specific wells to these systems.  We believe that oil gathering lines have several benefits including, a) reduced need to use trucks to gather our oil, thereby reducing truck traffic in and around our production locations, b) potentially lower gathering costs as pipeline gathering tends to be more efficient, c) reduced on-site oil storage capacity, resulting in lower production location facility costs, and d) generally less noise and dust. 
    
  Oil transportation and takeaway capacity has recently increased with the expansion of certain interstate pipelines servicing the Wattenberg Field.  This has reversed the prior imbalance of oil production exceeding the combination of local refinery demand and the capacity of pipelines to move the oil to other markets.  Depending on transportation commitments, local refinery demand, and our production volumes, we may be able to reduce the negative differential that we have historically realized on our oil production.  We anticipate that there will continue to be excess pipeline takeaway capacity as additional pipelines will begin operations in the fourth quarter of calendar 2016.  Further details regarding posted prices and average realized prices are discussed in the section entitled "Market Conditions," presented in this Item 2. 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company has identified over 1,000 gross mid- to long-lateral (~7,500  to ~9,500 ) drilling locations across its consolidated GC acreage position.  Our 2017 preliminary drilling and completion capital budget contemplates  
  
   30 

drilling 68 gross mid-length lateral and 34 gross long length lateral wells while completing 52 gross mid-length and 43 gross long length wells.  While retaining significant operational and financial flexibility to reduce or accelerate activity in response to changing economic conditions, the Company anticipates this drilling and completion schedule will cost between $260 million and $300 million and will lead to a significant increase in production and associated proved developed producing reserves.  Initial estimates place full-year 2017 production between 17,500 BOE/day and 20,000 BOE/day. 
    
  Other than the foregoing, we do not know of any trends, events, or uncertainties that will have had or are reasonably expected to have a material impact on our sales, revenues, expenses, liquidity, or capital resources. 

Results of Operations 
    
  Material changes of certain items in our condensed consolidated statements of operations included in our condensed consolidated financial statements for the periods presented are discussed below. 
    
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015    
    
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we reported a net   loss   of   $19.2 million   compared to net   loss   of   $77.9 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  Net   loss   per basic and diluted share (including the ceiling test impairment of   $25.5 million  ) was   $(0.10)   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to net   loss   per basic and diluted share of   $(0.74)   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  Net   loss   per basic share for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increased   by   $0.64   primarily due to the ceiling test impairment of   $96.3 million   incurred during the   three months ended September 30, 2015   as compared to the ceiling test impairment of   $25.5 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  Revenues   decreased     21%   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the   three months ended September 30, 2015   due to the rapid decline of commodity prices, as discussed previously.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   635   gross producing wells, compared with   582   gross producing wells as of   September 30, 2015  .  The impact of changing prices on our commodity derivative positions and changes in estimated production taxes also drove significant differences in our results of operations between the two periods. 
    
  Oil and Gas Production and Revenues   - For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded total oil and gas revenues of   $26.2 million   compared to   $33.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  ,   a decrease   of   $7.1 million   or   21%  .  The following table summarizes key production and revenue statistics: 

1    "MBbl" refers to one thousand stock tank barrels, or 42,000 U.S. gallons liquid volume in reference to crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons. 
   2    "MMcf" refers to one million cubic feet of natural gas. 
   3    "MBOE" refers to one thousand barrels of oil equivalent, which combines MBbls of oil and MMcf of gas by converting each six MMcf of gas to one MBbl of oil. 
   4    "BOED" refers to the average number of barrels of oil equivalent produced in a day for the period. 
  
   31 

Net oil and gas production for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   averaged   10,794   BOED,   a decrease   of   10%   over average production of   11,975   BOED in the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  From   September 30, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  , we added   54     net horizontal wells, including 6 (net) horizontal wells acquired in the KPK Acquisition, increasing our reserves and producing wells.  The   13%   decline in average sales prices compounded the effects of decreased production, resulting in an overall reduction of revenues. 
    
  Lease Operating Expenses ("LOE")   - Direct operating costs of producing oil and natural gas are reported as follows (in thousands): 

Lease operating and workover costs tend to increase or decrease primarily in relation to the number of wells in production, and, to a lesser extent, to fluctuations in oil field service costs and changes in the production mix of crude oil and natural gas.  The   $1.3 million     decrease   in lease operating expenses during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily due to decreased production during the three   months ended September 30, 2016.  This was partially attributable to fewer horizontal wells coming online during the current period as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Fewer new wells reduced costs associated with contract labor and water hauling.  In addition, sales and trades of vertical wells during the second quarter of 2016 resulted in reduced lease operating expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Production taxes   - During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reduced its estimate for production taxes based on recent historical experience and additional information received during the period.  Based on this analysis, the Company's accrual was reduced, resulting in an approximate   $3.6 million   reduction to our production taxes.  Production taxes were   $(1.5) million  , or   $(1.47)   per BOE, for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $3.1 million  , or   $2.81   per BOE, for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  Taxes tend to increase or decrease primarily based on the value of oil and gas sold.  As a percentage of revenues, production taxes were   (5.6)%   and   9.3%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Depletion, Depreciation, and Accretion ("DD A")   - The following table summarizes the components of DD A: 

For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , depletion of oil and gas properties was   $9.70   per BOE compared to   $16.71   per BOE for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  The decrease in the DD A rate was the result of a decrease in the ratio of total costs capitalized in the full cost pool to the estimated recoverable reserves.  This ratio was significantly reduced due to the impairments of our full cost pool, which primarily occurred during the second half of calendar 2015 and the first half of 2016, and the increase in our total proved reserves.  Capitalized costs of proved oil and gas properties are depleted quarterly using the units-of-production method based on estimated reserves, wherein the ratio of production volumes for the quarter to beginning of quarter estimated total reserves determine the depletion rate. 
  
   32 

Full cost ceiling impairment   - During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we recognized an impairment of   $25.5 million   as compared to an impairment of   $96.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , representing the amount by which the net capitalized costs of our oil and gas properties exceeded our full cost ceiling.  See Note   2  , "Property and Equipment," to the condensed consolidated financial statements included as part of this report. 
    
  General and Administrative ("G A")   - The following table summarizes G A expenses incurred and capitalized during the periods presented: 

G A includes all overhead costs associated with employee compensation and benefits, insurance, facilities, professional fees, and regulatory costs, among others.  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we increased our employee count, which was 62 as of December 31, 2015 to 89, while reducing the number of consultants, advisors, and contractors that had historically been used for certain tasks.  G A for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was elevated by expenses incurred in support of Colorado oil and gas legislative activities. 
    
  Our G A expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   includes stock-based compensation of   $2.4 million   compared to   $1.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  Stock-based compensation includes a calculated value for stock options or shares of common stock that we grant for compensatory purposes.  It is a non-cash charge.  For stock options, the fair value is estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model.  For restricted stock units and stock bonus shares, the fair value is estimated using the closing stock price on the grant date.  Amounts are pro-rated over the vesting terms of the award agreements, which are generally three to five years. 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements under the full cost accounting method for oil and gas properties, we identify all general and administrative costs that relate directly to the acquisition of undeveloped mineral leases and the exploration and development of properties.  Those costs are reclassified from G A expenses and capitalized into the full cost pool.  The increase in capitalized costs from the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to the   three months ended September 30, 2016   reflects our increased headcount of individuals performing activities to maintain and acquire leases and develop our properties. 
    
  Commodity derivatives   - As more fully described in Item 1. Financial Statements   Note   8  ,   Commodity Derivative Instruments  , we use commodity contracts to help mitigate the risks inherent in the price volatility of oil and natural gas.  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we realized a cash settlement   loss   of   $13,000  , net of previously incurred premiums attributable to the settled commodity contracts.  For the prior comparable period, we realized a cash settlement   gain   of   $9.6 million  . 
    
  In addition, for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded an unrealized   gain   of   $0.4 million   to recognize the mark-to-market change in fair value of our commodity contracts.  In comparison, in the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , we reported an unrealized   loss   of   $3.0 million  .  Unrealized   gains and losses   are non-cash items. 
    
  Income taxes   - We reported income tax   expense   of   $5,000   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , calculated at an effective tax rate of   0%  .  During the comparable prior year period, we reported income tax   benefit   of   $10.5 million  , calculated at an effective tax rate of   12%  .  As explained in more detail below, during the period ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rates were substantially reduced by recognition of a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets.  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rate differed from the statutory rate, primarily due to the  
  
   33 

recognition of a valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. 
    
  In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.  Based on the level of losses in the current period and the level of uncertainty with respect to future taxable income over the period in which the deferred tax assets are deductible, a valuation allowance has been provided as of   September 30, 2016  .  During the 2015 comparable period, we reached the same conclusion; therefore, a valuation allowance has been provided as of   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015    
    
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we reported net   loss   of   $224.5 million   compared to net   loss   of   $83.5 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Net   loss   per basic and diluted share (including a ceiling test impairment of   $215.2 million  ) was   $(1.36)   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to net loss per basic and diluted share of   $(0.82)   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Net   loss   per basic share for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increased   by   $0.54   primarily due to the ceiling test impairment of   $215.2 million   incurred during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  Revenues decreased   15%   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared with the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   due to the rapid decline of commodity prices, as discussed previously.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   635   gross producing wells, compared with   582   gross producing wells as of   September 30, 2015  .  The impact of changing prices on our commodity derivative positions also drove significant differences in our results of operations between the two periods. 
    
  Oil and Gas Production and Revenues   - For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded total oil and gas revenues of   $68.5 million   compared to   $80.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  ,   a decrease   of   $12.1 million   or   15%  .  The following table summarizes key production and revenue statistics: 

Net oil and gas production for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   averaged   11,133   BOED, an increase of   22%   over average production of   9,119   BOED in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  However, the   31%   decline in average sales prices more than offset the effects of increased production, resulting in an overall reduction of revenues. 

34 

Lease Operating Expenses ("LOE")   - Direct operating costs of producing oil and natural gas are reported as follows (in thousands): 

Lease operating and workover costs tend to increase or decrease primarily in relation to the number of wells in production, and, to a lesser extent, on fluctuation in oil field service costs and changes in the production mix of crude oil and natural gas.  The   $2.0 million     increase   in lease operating expenses during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   was primarily due to operating more horizontal wells, increased production, and an increase in     e  nvironmental remediation and regulatory compliance projects. 
    
  Production taxes   - During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reduced its estimate for production taxes based on recent historical experience and additional information received during the period.  Based on this analysis, the Company's accrual was reduced, resulting in an approximate   $3.6 million   reduction to our production taxes.  Production taxes were   $2.5 million  , or   $0.82   per BOE for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $7.5 million  , or   $3.01   per BOE, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Taxes tend to increase or decrease primarily based on the value of oil and gas sold.  As a percentage of revenues, production taxes were   3.7%   and   9.3%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Depletion, Depreciation, and Accretion ("DD A")   - The following table summarizes the components of DD A: 

For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , depletion of oil and gas properties was   $10.82   per BOE compared to   $19.37   per BOE for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The decrease in the DD A rate was the result of a decrease in the ratio of total costs capitalized in the full cost pool to the estimated recoverable reserves.  This ratio was significantly reduced due to the impairments of our full cost pool, which primarily occurred during the second half of calendar 2015, and the increase in our total proved reserves.  Capitalized costs of proved oil and gas properties are depleted quarterly using the units-of-production method based on estimated reserves, wherein the ratio of production volumes for the quarter to beginning of quarter estimated total reserves determine the depletion rate. 
    
  Full cost ceiling impairment   - During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recognized a total impairment of   $215.2 million   as compared to an impairment of   $99.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , representing the amount by which the net capitalized costs of our oil and gas properties exceeded our full cost ceiling.  See Note   2  , "Property and Equipment," to the condensed consolidated financial statements included as part of this report. 

35 

General and Administrative ("G A")   - The following table summarizes G A expenses incurred and capitalized during the periods presented: 

G A includes all overhead costs associated with employee compensation and benefits, insurance, facilities, professional fees, and regulatory costs, among others.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we increased our employee count from 62 as of December 31, 2015 to 89, while reducing the number of consultants, advisors, and contractors that had historically been used for certain tasks.  G A for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was elevated was elevated by expenses incurred in support of Colorado oil and gas legislative activities. 
    
  Our G A expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   includes stock-based compensation of   $7.3 million   compared to   $7.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements under the full cost accounting method for oil and gas properties, we identify all general and administrative costs that relate directly to the acquisition of undeveloped mineral leases and the exploration and development of properties.  Those costs are reclassified from G A expenses and capitalized into the full cost pool.  The increase in capitalized costs from the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   reflects our increased headcount of individuals performing activities to maintain and acquire leases and develop our properties. 
    
  Commodity derivatives   - As more fully described in Item 1. Financial Statements   Note   8  ,   Commodity Derivative Instruments,   we use commodity contracts to help mitigate the risks inherent in the price volatility of oil and natural gas.  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we realized a cash settlement   gain   of   $2.9 million  , net of previously incurred premiums attributable to the settled commodity contracts.  For the prior comparable period, we realized a cash settlement   gain   of   $26.9 million  . 
    
  In addition, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded an unrealized   loss   of   $6.5 million   to recognize the mark-to-market change in fair value of our commodity contracts.  In comparison, in the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we reported an unrealized   loss   of   $21.2 million  .  Unrealized   losses   are non-cash items. 
    
  Income taxes   - We reported income tax   expense   of   $0.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , calculated at an effective tax rate of   0%  .  During the comparable prior year period, we reported income tax   benefit   of   $14.1 million  , calculated at an effective tax rate of   14%  .  During the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rate was substantially reduced by recognition of a full valuation allowance on the net deferred tax assets.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the effective tax rate differed from the statutory rate, primarily due to the recognition of a valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Historically, our primary sources of capital have been net cash provided by the sale of equity and debt securities, cash flow from operations, proceeds from the sale of properties, and borrowings under bank credit facilities.  Our primary use of capital has been for the exploration, development, and acquisition of oil and natural gas properties.  Our future success in growing proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on capital resources available to us. 

36 

We believe that our capital resources, including cash on hand, amounts available under our revolving credit facility, and cash flow from operating activities will be sufficient to fund our planned capital expenditures and operating expenses for the next twelve months.  We funded the purchase price of the GC Acquisition through a combination of cash on hand and proceeds of financing transactions, including the issuance of the Senior Notes.  To the extent actual operating results differ from our anticipated results, available borrowings under our credit facility are reduced, or we experience other unfavorable events, our liquidity could be adversely impacted.  Our liquidity would also be affected if we increase our capital expenditures or complete one or more additional acquisitions.  Terms of future financings may be unfavorable, and we cannot assure investors that funding will be available on acceptable terms. 
    
  As operator of the majority of our wells and undeveloped acreage, we control the timing and selection of new wells to be drilled or existing wells to be recompleted.  This allows us to modify our capital spending as our financial resources allow and market conditions support.  Additionally, our relatively low utilization of debt enhances our financial flexibility as it provides a potential source of future liquidity while currently not overly burdening us with restrictive financial covenants and mandatory repayment schedules. 
    
  Sources and Uses 
    
  Our sources and uses of capital are heavily influenced by the prices that we receive for our production.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the NYMEX-WTI oil price ranged from a high of   $51.23   per Bbl on   Wednesday, June 8, 2016   to a low of   $26.19   per Bbl on   Thursday, February 11, 2016  , while the NYMEX-Henry Hub natural gas price ranged from a low of   $1.64   per MMBtu on   Thursday, March 3, 2016   to a high of   $3.06   per MMBtu on   September 21, 2016  .  These markets will likely continue to be volatile in the future.  To deal with the volatility in commodity prices, we maintain a flexible capital investment program and seek to maintain a high operating interest in our leaseholds with limited long-term capital commitments.  This enables us to accelerate or decelerate our activities quickly in response to changing industry environments. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $63.8 million   and no outstanding balance under our revolving credit facility.  Our sources and (uses) of funds for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   are summarized below (in thousands): 

Net cash provided by operating activities was   $33.2 million   and   $69.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The decline in cash from operating activities reflects the decline in commodity prices, which was partially offset by the increase in production. 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we received cash proceeds from, and used cash proceeds in, the following financing activities: 

On January 27, 2016, we received cash proceeds of approximately   $89.2 million   (after underwriting discounts, commissions and expenses) from our public offering of   16,100,000   shares (including the shares sold pursuant to an over-allotment option exercised by the underwriters) at a price to us of   $5.545   per share.  Proceeds were used to repay amounts borrowed under the Revolver and for general corporate purposes, which included continuing to develop our acreage position in the Wattenberg Field in Colorado and funding a portion of our 2016 capital expenditure program. 
                
    In January 2016, the Company repaid its outstanding borrowings under the Revolver of   $78 million  .  In addition, on June 13, 2016, the Company borrowed approximately $55 million under the Revolver in order to pay a portion of the purchase price for the GC Acquisition pending receipt of proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Notes.  The full amount borrowed was repaid on June 14, 2016. 
      
   37 

to an over-allotment option exercised by the underwriters) at a price to us of   $7.3535   per share.  These proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including to fund the GC Acquisition. 
             
    In May and June 2016, we received cash proceeds of approximately   $289.4 million   (after underwriting discounts, commissions and expenses) from our public offering of   51,750,000   shares (including the shares sold pursuant to an over-allotment option exercised by the underwriters) at a price to us of   $5.597   per share.  These proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including to fund the GC Acquisition. 
                
    On June 14, 2016, the Company issued $80 million aggregate principal amount of 9.00% Senior Unsecured Notes ("Senior Notes") in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers.  See "- Senior Notes" below.  The net proceeds from the sale of the Senior Notes were   $75.2 million   after deductions of   $4.8 million   for expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.  The net proceeds were used to fund the GC Acquisition. 
       
  Credit Facility 
    
  We maintain a borrowing arrangement with a banking syndicate with a maturity date of   December 15, 2019  .  The arrangement, in the form of a revolving credit facility, was most recently amended with the Ninth Amendment to the credit facility on October 14, 2016.  The arrangement provides for a maximum loan commitment of $500 million; however, the maximum amount we can borrow at any one time is subject to a borrowing base limitation, which stipulates that we may borrow up to the lesser of the maximum loan commitment or the borrowing base.  The borrowing base can increase or decrease based upon the value of the collateral, which secures any amounts borrowed under the line of credit.  The value of the collateral will generally be derived with reference to the estimated future net cash flows from our proved oil and gas reserves, discounted by 10%.  Amounts borrowed under the facility are secured by substantially all of our producing wells and developed oil and gas leases.   
    
  The terms of the Revolver provide for up to   $500 million   in borrowings, subject to a borrowing base limitation, which was increased to   $160 million   on October 14, 2016.  As of October 31, 2016, there was no outstanding principal balance,   $0.5 million   in letters of credit was applied against the Revolver, and   $159.5 million   was available to us for future borrowings.  The next semi-annual redetermination of the borrowing base has been scheduled for   May 2017  .  Interest on our revolving line of credit accrues at a variable rate.  The interest rate pricing grid contains a graduated escalation in applicable margin for increased utilization. 
    
  The Revolver requires the Company to maintain compliance with certain financial and liquidity ratio covenants.  Under the requirements, the Company, on a quarterly basis, must not (a) at any time permit its ratio of total funded debt as of such time to EBITDAX, as defined in the agreement, to be greater than or equal to   4.0   to 1.0; or (b) as of the last day o  f any fiscal quarter permit its current ratio, as defined in the agreement, to be less than     1.0     to 1.0.     
    
  Senior Notes 
    
  On June 14, 2016, the Company issued $80 million aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers.  The maturity for the payment of principal is June 13, 2021.  Interest on the Notes accrues at 9.00% and began accruing on June 14, 2016.  Interest is payable on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2016.  The Senior Notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of June 14, 2016 (the "Indenture") and are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by the Company s existing and future subsidiaries that incur or guarantee certain indebtedness, including indebtedness under the revolving credit facility.  At any time prior to December 14, 2018, the Company may redeem all or a part of the Senior Notes subject to the Make-Whole Price (as defined in the Indenture) and accrued and unpaid interest.  On and after December 14, 2018, the Company may redeem all or a part of the Senior Notes at the redemption price at a specified percentage of the principal amount of the redeemed notes (104.50% for 2018, 102.25% for 2019, and 100.0% for 2020 and thereafter, during the twelve-month period beginning on December 14 of each applicable year), plus accrued and unpaid interest.  Additionally, prior to December 14, 2018, the Company can, on one or more occasions, redeem up to 35% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes with all or a portion of the net cash proceeds of one or more Equity Offerings (as defined in the Indenture) at a redemption price equal to 109.00% of the principal amount of the redeemed notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, subject to certain conditions. 
    
  The Indenture contains covenants that restrict the Company s ability and the ability of certain of its subsidiaries to, among other restrictions and limitations: (i) incur additional indebtedness; (ii) incur liens; (iii) pay dividends; (iv) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its or their assets; (v) engage in transactions with affiliates; or (vi) engage in certain restricted business activities.  These covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications. 

38 

Reconciliation of Cash Payments to Capital Expenditures 
    
    Capital expenditures reported in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows are calculated on a strict cash basis, which differs from the accrual basis used to calculate other amounts reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements.  Specifically, cash payments for acquisition of property and equipment as reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows excludes non-cash capital expenditures and includes an adjustment (plus or minus) to reflect the timing of when the capital expenditure obligations are incurred and when the actual cash payment is made.  On an accrual basis, capital expenditures totaled   $591.7 million   and   $100.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  A reconciliation of the differences between cash payments and the accrual basis amounts is summarized in the following table (in thousands): 

Capital Expenditures 
    
  Excluding the GC Acquisition, the majority of capital expenditures during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were associated with the costs of drilling and completing wells.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we drilled 35 operated horizontal wells, completing 10 of them.    As of     September 30, 2016  , we are the operator of     44     gross (  41     net) horizontal wells in progress, which excludes 9 gross (9 net) horizontal wells for which we have only set surface casings.  14   of the wells in progress are scheduled to commence production before December 31, 2016. 
    
  In addition, we participated in drilling and completion activities   on 2 gross (0.19 net) non-operated horizontal wells d  uring the   third   quarter.    As of     September 30, 2016  , we are participating in     17     gross (  1.58     net) non-operated horizontal wells in progress. 
    
  Capital Requirements 
    
  Our level of exploration, development, and acreage expenditures is largely discretionary, and the amount of funds devoted to any particular activity may increase or decrease significantly depending on available opportunities, commodity prices, cash flows, and development results, among other factors.  Our primary need for capital will be to fund our anticipated drilling and completion activities, the second closing on the GC Acquisition, and any other acquisitions that we may complete during the remainder of the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
    
  Consistent with our plan, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we operated two drilling rigs for the execution of our capital expenditure plan.  We also regularly review capital expenditures throughout the year and will adjust our program based on changes in commodity prices, service costs, drilling success, and capital availability.  Our total anticipated capital program for the year ended   December 31, 2016   is estimated at a range between $130 million and $150 million, including approximately $30 million for discretionary seismic and land leasing, but excluding the GC Acquisition and any other potential acquisitions that we may execute.  Capital expenditures for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016     were approximately     $83.2 million  .  
    
  Our preliminary 2017 drilling and completion capital program is anticipated to be between $260 million and $300 million.  Should commodity prices and/or economic conditions change, we can decelerate or accelerate our drilling and completion activities, which could have a material impact on our anticipated capital requirements. 
    
  For the near term, we believe that we have sufficient liquidity to fund our     needs through cash on hand, cash flow from operations, and additional borrowings available under our revolving credit facility.  In contemplating our planned 2017 capital program, we expect the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility to increase due to the anticipated significant growth in our production and associated proved developed producing reserves.  However, should this not occur and/or     to meet all of our  
  
   39 

long-term goals, we may need to raise additional funds to drill new wells through the sale of our securities, from third parties willing to pay our share of drilling and completing wells, or from other sources.  We may not be successful in raising the capital needed to drill or acquire oil or gas wells. 
    
  Oil and Gas Commodity Contracts 
    
  We use derivative contracts to protect against the variability in cash flows created by short-term price fluctuations associated with the sale of future oil and gas production.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had open positions covering   1.0 million   barrels of oil and   4,740   MMcf of natural gas.  We do not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes.  Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , we entered into additional positions covering 0.4 million barrels of oil and 1,200 MMcf of natural gas. 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we reported an unrealized commodity activity   loss   of   $6.5 million  .  Unrealized   losses   are non-cash items.  We also reported a realized   gain   of   $2.9 million  , representing the cash settlement of commodity contracts settled during the period, net of previously incurred premiums attributable to the settled commodity contracts. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we estimated that the fair value of our various commodity derivative contracts was a net asset of   $1.6 million  .  See Item 1. Financial Statements   Note   9  ,   Fair Value Measurements  , for a description of the methods we use to estimate the fair values of commodity derivative instruments.  

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  In addition to financial measures presented on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("US GAAP"), we present certain financial measures which are not prescribed by US GAAP ("non-GAAP").  In the future, we may disclose different non-GAAP financial measures in order to help our investors more meaningfully evaluate and compare our future results of operations to our previously reported results of operations.  We strongly encourage investors to review our condensed consolidated financial statements and publicly filed reports in their entirety and to not rely on any single financial measure.  A summary of the non-GAAP measure that we currently use is described below. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  We use "adjusted EBITDA," a non-GAAP financial measure, for internal managerial purposes   because it allows us to more effectively evaluate our operating performance and compare the results of our operations from period to period without regard to our financing methods or capital structure.  We exclude the items listed in the table below from net loss in arriving at adjusted EBITDA because these amounts can vary substantially from company to company within our industry depending upon accounting methods and book values of assets, capital structures and the method by which the assets were acquired.    This measure is not a measure of financial performance under US GAAP and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, cash flows from operations, investing, or financing activities, and it should not be viewed as a liquidity measure or indicator of cash flows reported in accordance with US GAAP.  Our definition of adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to measures with similar titles reported by other companies.    We believe that adjusted EBITDA is a widely used in our industry as a measure of operating performance and may also be used by investors to measure our ability to meet debt covenant requirements.    We define adjusted EBITDA as net loss adjusted to exclude the impact of the items set forth in the table below. 

40 

The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, to net loss, its nearest GAAP measure: 

Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes in conformity with US GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the reported amounts in the condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes.  We identify certain accounting policies as critical based on, among other things, their impact on the portrayal of our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity and the degree of difficulty, subjectivity, and complexity in their deployment.  Critical accounting policies cover accounting matters that are inherently uncertain because the future resolution of such matters is unknown.  Management routinely discusses the development, selection, and disclosure of each of the critical accounting policies.  
    
  There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates or in the underlying accounting assumptions and estimates used from those disclosed in the "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" section of the Transition Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2016 and in the financial statements and accompanying notes contained in that report.  However, certain events during the first quarter increased the significance of our policies with respect to the evaluation of goodwill.  This item is discussed in Item 1. Financial Statements   Note   1  ,   Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,   to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report.  Note 1 also provides information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements. 
    
  We call your attention to the increased significance of the ceiling test as disclosed in Item 1. Financial Statements   Note   2  ,   Property and Equipment,   to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements included els  ewhere in this report.  During the nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we recorded impairments in conjunction with performing ceiling tests as prescribed by SEC Regulation S-X Rule 4-05. 

41 

Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  This report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management and information currently available to management.  The use of words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates," "should," "likely," or similar expressions indicate forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements included in this report include statements relating to future capital expenditures and projects, the adequacy and nature of future sources of financing, possible future impairment charges, midstream capacity issues, future differentials, future production relative to volume commitments, and the closing and effect of proposed transactions. 
    
  The identification in this report of factors that may affect our future performance and the accuracy of forward-looking statements is meant to be illustrative and by no means exhaustive.  All forward-looking statements should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty. 
    
  See "  Risk Factors"   in this report and in Item 1A of our Transition Report on Form 10-K for the four months ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on April 22, 2016, for a discussion of risk factors that affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  These risks include, among others, those associated with the following: 

extended or further decline in oil and natural gas prices; 
                
    operating hazards that adversely affect our ability to conduct business; 
                
    uncertainties in the estimates of proved reserves; 
                
    the effect of seasonal weather conditions and wildlife restrictions on our operations; 
                
    our ability to fund, develop, produce, and acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically recoverable; 
                
    our ability to obtain adequate financing; 
                
    the availability and capacity of gathering systems and pipelines for our production; 
                
    our ability to complete the second closing of the GC Acquisition and integrate the acquired properties, and the risks associated with liabilities assumed or other problems relating to that acquisition; 
                
    our ability to successfully identify, execute, or effectively integrate future acquisitions; 
                
    the effect of federal, state, and local laws and regulations; 
                
    the effects of, including cost to comply with, new environmental legislation or regulatory initiatives, including those related to hydraulic fracturing; 
                
    the effects of local moratoria or bans on our business; 
                
    the amount of our indebtedness and ability to maintain compliance with debt covenants; 
                
    the geographic concentration of our principal properties; and 
                
    the availability of water for use in our operations. 

42 

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISKS 
       
  Commodity Price Risk -   Our financial condition, results of operations, and capital resources are highly dependent upon the prevailing market prices of oil and natural gas.  The volatility of oil prices affects our results to a greater degree than the volatility of gas prices, as approximately   70%   and   71%   of our revenue during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, was from the sale of oil.  A   $10   per barrel change in our realized oil price would have resulted in a   $5.2 million   and   $15.5 million   change in revenues during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, while a   $0.50   per Mcf change in our realized gas price would have resulted in a   $1.4 million   and   $4.5 million   change in our natural gas revenues for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
    
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the price of oil and natural gas increased slightly.  These commodity prices are subject to wide fluctuations and market uncertainties due to a variety of factors that are beyond our control.  Factors influencing oil and natural gas prices include the levels of demand and supply for oil (in global or local markets), the establishment of and compliance with production quotas by oil exporting countries, weather conditions which determine the demand for natural gas, the price and availability of alternative fuels, the strength of the US dollar compared to other currencies, and overall economic conditions.  It is impossible to predict future oil and natural gas prices with any degree of certainty.  Sustained weakness in oil and natural gas prices may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations, and may also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas reserves that we can produce economically.  Any reduction in our oil and natural gas reserves, including reductions due to price fluctuations, can have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain capital for our exploration and development activities.  Similarly, any improvements in oil and natural gas prices can have a favorable impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and capital resources. 
    
  We attempt to mitigate fluctuations in short-term cash flow resulting from changes in commodity prices by entering into derivative positions on a portion of our expected oil and gas production.  We can use derivative contracts to cover up to 85% of expected proved developed producing production as projected in our semi-annual reserve report over a period of two years.  We do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative or trading purposes.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had open crude oil derivatives in a net asset position with a fair value of   $1.6 million  .  A hypothetical upward shift of 10% in the NYMEX forward curve of crude oil and natural gas prices would decrease the fair value of our position by approximately $1.3 million.  A hypothetical downward shift of 10% in the NYMEX forward curve of crude oil and natural gas prices would increase the fair value of our position by approximately $1.4 million.  A summary of our open positions as of   September 30, 2016   is set forth in Item 1. Financial Statements - Note   8  ,   Commodity Derivative Instruments.  
    
  Interest Rate Risk -   At   September 30, 2016  , we had no debt outstanding under our bank credit facility.  Interest on our credit facility accrues at a variable rate, based upon either the Prime Rate or the London InterBank Offered Rate plus an applicable margin.  We are exposed to interest rate risk on the bank credit facility if the variable reference rates increase.  If interest rates increase, our monthly interest payments would increase, and our available cash flow would decrease.  We estimate that if market interest rates increased or decreased by 1%, our interest payments in the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   would have changed by less than   $0.1 million  . 
    
  Counterparty Risk   - As described in "- Commodity Price Risk" above, we enter into commodity derivative agreements to mitigate short-term price volatility.  These derivative financial instruments present certain counterparty risks.  We are exposed to potential loss if a counterparty fails to perform according to the terms of the agreement.  The failure of any of the counterparties to fulfill their obligations to us could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.  We do not require collateral or other security to be furnished by counterparties.  We seek to manage the counterparty risk associated with these contracts by limiting transactions to well capitalized, well established, and well known counterparties that have been approved by our senior officers.  There can be no assurance, however, that our practice effectively mitigates counterparty risk.   
    
  Our exposure to counterparty risk slightly declined during the third quarter of 2016 as the amounts due to us from counterparties has decreased. 

43 

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") as of the end of the period covered by this report on Form 10-Q (the "Evaluation Date").  Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

44 

PART II 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
       
  Except as disclosed in Note   16   to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements, during the quarter, there were no material developments regarding legal matters, which were previously described under Item 3,   Legal Proceedings  , of the Transition Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 22, 2016.  This information should be considered carefully, together with other information in this report and other reports and materials we file with the SEC. 

Item 1A.      Risk Factors 
    
  We face many risks.  Factors that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results or liquidity, and the trading price of our common stock are described under Item 1A, Risk Factors, of the Transition Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 22, 2016.  This information should be considered carefully, together with other information in this report and other reports and materials that we file with the SEC.  In addition, you should consider the following risks: 
    
  Risks Related to the GC Acquisition 
    
  The GC Acquisition may not achieve its intended results and may result in us assuming unanticipated liabilities.  These risks are heightened because the GC Acquisition involved our acquisition of a material amount of acreage relative to our prior acreage position. 
    
  We entered into the purchase and sale agreement related to the GC Acquisition (the "GC Agreement") with the expectation that the acquisition would result in various benefits, growth opportunities and synergies.  Achieving the anticipated benefits of the transaction is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.  For example, we may discover title defects or adverse environmental or other conditions related to the acquired properties of which we are currently unaware.  Environmental, title and other problems could reduce the value of the properties to us, and, depending on the circumstances, we could have limited or no recourse to the sellers with respect to those problems.  We assumed substantially all of the liabilities associated with the acquired properties and would be entitled to indemnification in connection with those liabilities in only limited circumstances and in limited amounts.  We cannot assure that such potential remedies will be adequate for any liabilities we incur, and such liabilities could be significant.  In addition, if the second closing under the GC Agreement is delayed for a substantial period, we will not be able to control operations on those properties during that period, which would increase the risk that certain leases will expire before production is established, and this could materially detract from the value of the properties acquired pursuant to either closing.  The second closing is subject to certain closing conditions, including our receipt of a release of a consent decree burdening certain of the properties to be acquired, and these conditions may not be satisfied in the time frame we expect or at all.  Completing the integration process may be more expensive than anticipated, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to effect the integration of these operations smoothly or efficiently or that the anticipated benefits of the transaction will be achieved. 
    
  The risks involved in the GC Acquisition are heightened due to the size of the acquisition.  The GC Acquisition involved a material amount of acreage relative to our prior acreage position. 
    
  Actual reserves and production associated with the properties to be acquired in the GC Acquisition may be substantially less than we expect. 
    
  As with other acquisitions, the success of the GC Acquisition depends on, among other things, the accuracy of our assessment of the number and quality of the drilling locations associated with the properties to be acquired, future oil and natural gas prices, reserves and production, and future operating costs and various other factors.  These assessments are necessarily inexact.  Our assessment of certain of these factors is based in part on information provided to us by the sellers, including historical production data.  Our independent reserve engineers have not provided a report regarding the estimates of reserves with respect to the properties subject to the GC Acquisition.  The assumptions on which our internal estimates have been based may prove to be incorrect in a number of material ways, resulting in our not realizing the expected benefits of the acquisition.  In addition, the representations, warranties and indemnities of the sellers contained in the GC Agreement are limited, and we may not have recourse against the sellers in the event that the acreage is less valuable than we currently believe.  As a result, we may not recover the purchase price for the acquisition from the sale of production from the properties being acquired or recognize an acceptable return from such sales. 

45 

The development of the properties to be acquired will be subject to all of the risks and uncertainties associated with oil and natural gas activities as described in the "Risk Factors" section of our Transition Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015.  
    
  A significant portion of the value of the GC Acquisition is associated with undeveloped acreage that may not be economic. 
    
  A large portion of the acreage we are acquiring in the GC Acquisition is undeveloped, and our plans, development schedule and production schedule associated with the acreage may fail to materialize.  As a result, our investment in these areas may not be as economic as we anticipate, and we could incur material write-downs of unevaluated properties. 
    
  Other Risks 
    
  Future ballot initiatives in Colorado, if approved, could have severe adverse effects on our operations, reserves and financial condition. 
    
  Certain groups opposed to oil and natural gas development generally, and hydraulic fracturing in particular, have from time to time advanced various proposed ballot initiatives that would limit or prohibit oil and natural gas development activities in Colorado.  Proponents attempted to collect the required number of signatures to have two such proposals included on the ballot for the November 2016 election.  One would have amended the Colorado constitution to impose a minimum distance of 2,500 feet between wells and any occupied structures or "areas of special concern".  If implemented, this proposal would have made the vast majority of the surface area of the state ineligible for drilling, including substantially all of our planned future drilling locations. The second proposal would have amended the state constitution to give local governmental authorities the ability to regulate, or to ban, oil and gas exploration, development and production activities within their boundaries notwithstanding state rules and approvals to the contrary. If implemented, this proposal could have resulted in us becoming subject to onerous, and possibly inconsistent, regulations that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, or to outright bans on our activities in various jurisdictions. The proponents of these initiatives failed to obtain enough valid signatures to have the initiatives included on the November 2016 ballot.  However, similar proposals, or other proposals that would limit or prohibit oil and gas development activity, may be made in the future.  Because all of our operations and reserves are located in Colorado, the passage and implementation of any such proposal could have a materially adverse effect on our operations, reserves, financial condition and business generally. 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
       
  Purchases of equity securities by the Company 

(1)  Pursuant to statutory minimum withholding requirements, certain of our employees exercised their right to "withhold to cover" as a tax payment method for the vesting and exercise of certain shares.  These elections were outside of any publicly announced repurchase plan. 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
       
    None. 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
       
    Not applicable 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 
       
    None. 

46 

Item 6.          Exhibits 
    
                   Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Exhibit 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2 
      
    Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32 
      
    Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 USC 1350, as adopted, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      99.1 
      
    Ninth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2016, among Synergy Resources Corporation, SunTrust Bank as Administrative Agent and as an Issuing Bank, and the lenders party thereto. 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL     Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

47 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the   3  rd   day of   November, 2016  . 

SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION 

/s/ Lynn A. Peterson 
        
    Lynn A. Peterson, President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ James P. Henderson 
        
    James P. Henderson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Jared C. Grenzenbach 
        
    Jared C. Grenzenbach, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
  (Principal Accounting Officer) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31120160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Lynn A. Peterson, certify that; 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Synergy Resources Corporation; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

November 3, 2016    
    
  /s/ Lynn A. Peterson              
  Lynn A. Peterson 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31220160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, James P. Henderson, certify that; 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Synergy Resources Corporation; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by the report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

November 3, 2016    
    
  /s/ James P. Henderson 
  James P. Henderson, 
  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit3220160930.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 

In connection with the quarterly report of Synergy Resources Corporation, (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report") Lynn A. Peterson, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and James P. Henderson, the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
       
                       Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Lynn A. Peterson 

Lynn A. Peterson, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ James P. Henderson 

James P. Henderson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 ninthamendmentcreditagreem.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 99.1 
    
  Execution Version 

NINTH AMENDMENT TO  AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
  THIS NINTH AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (hereinafter called this    Amendment   ) is dated as of October 14, 2016, but effective as of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined below), by and among Synergy Resources Corporation (the    Borrower   ), each Lender (defined below) signatory hereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such capacity    Administrative Agent   ) and as an Issuing Bank. 
  W     I     T     N     E     S     S     E     T     H  : 
  WHEREAS, the Borrower, Administrative Agent and the lenders from time to time party thereto (the    Lenders   ) are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 28, 2012, as amended by the following:  that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of February 12, 2013, Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 28, 2013, Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 2013, Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 3, 2014, Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 15, 2014, Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 2, 2015, Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of January 28, 2016 and Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 3, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), whereby upon the terms and conditions therein stated the Lenders have agreed to make certain loans to the Borrower; 
  WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as applicable, amend the Credit Agreement as set forth below; and 
  WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as applicable, are willing to agree to the amendments to the Credit Agreement as set forth herein. 
  NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties to this Amendment hereby agree as follows: 
  SECTION 1.  Definitions  .    Unless otherwise defined in this Amendment, each capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein has the meaning given such term in the Credit Agreement.  The interpretive provisions set forth in   Sections 1.02  ,   1.03   and   1.04   of the Credit Agreement shall apply to this Amendment. 
  SECTION 2.        Amendments to Credit Agreement  .  Effective on the Amendment Effective Date,   Annex I   to the Credit Agreement (List of Maximum Credit Amounts) is hereby replaced with   Annex I   attached hereto.  
  SECTION 3.        Borrowing Base  .  The Lenders have redetermined the Borrowing Base in accordance with   Section 2.07(b)   of the Credit Agreement.  Effective on the Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowing Base is increased to $160,000,000 until the next redetermination or adjustment thereof pursuant to the Credit Agreement.  This Amendment shall serve as notice to Borrower required pursuant to   Section 2.07(c)(iii)(A)   of the Credit Agreement. 
  SECTION 4.        Reallocation of Commitments  .  Effective on the Amendment Effective Date: 

(a)        The Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders and the Issuing Bank consent to the following:  (i) the reallocation of the Maximum Credit Amounts so that each Lender s Maximum Credit Amount is as set forth on   Annex I   attached hereto and (ii) the reallocation of the participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with each Lender s Applicable Percentage as set forth on   Annex I   attached hereto.  On the Amendment Effective Date after giving effect to such reallocation of the Maximum Credit Amounts, the Maximum Credit Amount and Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be as set forth on   Annex I   attached hereto.  The reallocation of the Maximum Credit Amounts among the Lenders shall be deemed to have been consummated on the Amendment Effective Date pursuant to the terms of the Assignment and Assumption attached as Exhibit F to the Credit Agreement as if the Lenders had executed an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such reallocation.  The Administrative Agent hereby waives the $3,500.00 processing fee set forth in   Section 12.04(b)(ii)(C)     of the Credit Agreement with respect to the assignments and reallocations contemplated by this   Section 4  . 
  (b)        If, as a result of the reallocation effected under this   Section 4  , any Lender incurs any losses, cost or expense as a result of any payment of any principal of any Eurodollar Loan prior to the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto (whether by the Borrower or by reallocation of the outstanding amount of principal of any Eurodollar Loans under the Credit Agreement to effect the assignments provided herein) and such Lender makes a request for compensation, the Borrower shall compensate the Lender in accordance with   Section 5.02   of the Credit Agreement. 
  SECTION 5.        Conditions of Effectiveness  . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date the following conditions precedent have been satisfied (the    Amendment Effective Date   ): 
  (a)        The Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart of this Amendment which shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Lenders and the Borrower (which may be by telecopy or PDF transmission).       
  (b)        Payment by the Borrower of the fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent s counsel pursuant to   Section 12.03(a)   of the Credit Agreement, including fees and expenses in connection with the preparation, negotiation and closing of this Amendment, to the extent invoiced at least three Business Days prior to the date hereof. 
  (c)        All representations and warranties set forth in each of the Loan Documents (including this Amendment) shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects). 
  SECTION 6.        Representations and Warranties  .  The Borrower represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and the Lenders, with full knowledge that such Persons are relying on the following representations and warranties in executing this Amendment, as follows: 
  (a)        It has the organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Amendment, and all necessary organizational action on the part of it requisite for the due execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment has been duly and effectively taken. 
  (b)        The Credit Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, the Loan Documents and each and every other document executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in connection with this Amendment to which it is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their respective terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability. 
  
   2 

(c)        This Amendment does not and will not violate any provisions of any of the Organizational Documents of the Borrower. 
  (d)        No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, the Borrower of this Amendment. 
  (e)        On the date hereof, (i) since December 31, 2015, no Material Adverse Effect has occurred, (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (iii) all representations and warranties set forth in each of the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (other than those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such representations and warranties are true and correct in all respects).   
  SECTION 7.        Miscellaneous  . 
  (a)        Reference to the Credit Agreement  .  Upon the effectiveness hereof, on and after the date hereof, each reference in the Credit Agreement to  this Agreement,   hereunder,   hereof,   herein,  or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
  (b)        Extent of Amendments; Ratification  .  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are not amended, waived, modified or affected by this Amendment and all of the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are, and remain, in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms.  The Borrower hereby ratifies and confirms that, after giving effect to this Amendment, (i) except as expressly amended hereby, all of the terms, conditions, covenants, representations, warranties and all other provisions of the Credit Agreement remain in full force and effect, (ii) each of the other Loan Documents are and remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and (iii) the collateral and the Liens on the collateral securing the Indebtedness are unimpaired by this Amendment and remain in full force and effect. 
  (c)        Loan Documents  .  The Loan Documents, as such may be amended in accordance herewith, are and remain legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms.  This Amendment is a Loan Document. 
  (d)        Claims  .  As additional consideration to the execution, delivery, and performance of this Amendment by the parties hereto and to induce Administrative Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Amendment, the Borrower represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof, it does not know of any defenses, counterclaims or rights of setoff to the payment of any Indebtedness of the Borrower to Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or any Lender. 
  (e)        Execution and Counterparts  .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by facsimile or pdf shall be equally as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. 
  (f)        Governing Law  .  This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and applicable federal laws of the United States of America. 
  (g)        Headings  .  Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience and reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 
  
   3 

SECTION 8.        NO ORAL AGREEMENTS  .  THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE DETERMINED SOLELY FROM WRITTEN AGREEMENTS, DOCUMENTS, AND INSTRUMENTS, AND ANY PRIOR ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES ARE SUPERSEDED BY AND MERGED INTO SUCH WRITINGS.  THIS AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER WRITTEN LOAN DOCUMENTS EXECUTED BY THE BORROWER, ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ISSUING BANK AND/OR LENDERS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES, AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS BY SUCH PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN SUCH PARTIES. 
  SECTION 9.        No Waiver  .  The Borrower hereby agrees that no Event of Default and no Default has been waived or remedied by the execution of this Amendment by the Administrative Agent or any Lender.  Nothing contained in this Amendment nor any past indulgence by the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or any Lender, nor any other action or inaction on behalf of the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or any Lender, (a) shall constitute or be deemed to constitute a waiver of any Defaults or Events of Default which may exist under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or (b) shall constitute or be deemed to constitute an election of remedies by the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or any Lender, or a waiver of any of the rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank or any Lender provided in the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, or otherwise afforded at law or in equity. 
  Signatures Pages Follow 

4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
  BORROWER  :    SYNERGY RESOURCES CORPORATION 
  By:   /s/ James P. Henderson             
  James P. Henderson 
  Executive Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

SUNTRUST BANK  , 
  as Administrative Agent and as an Issuing Bank and a Lender 
  By:      /s/ Chulley Bogle     
  Name:    Chulley Bogle 
  Title:    Vice President 

Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

COMMUNITY BANKS OF COLORADO  , 
  as an Issuing Bank and as a Lender 
  By:      /s/ Sarah E Burchett     
  Name:    Sarah E Burchett 
  Title:    Managing Director 

Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , 
  as a Lender 
  By:      /s/ George E McKean     
  Name:    George E McKean 
  Title:    Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

ZB N.A. DBA     AMEGY BANK  , 
  as a Lender 
  By:      /s/ Ronnie Causey     
  Name:    Ronnie Causey 
  Title:    VP 

Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
  as a Lender 
  By:      /s/ Arina Mavilian     
  Name:    Arina Mavilian 
  Title:    Authorized Signer 

Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH  , 
  as a Lender 
  By:      /s/ Dusan Lazarov     
  Name:    Dusan Lazarov 
  Title:    Director 

By:      /s/ Benjamin South     
  Name:    Benjamin South 
  Title:    Vice President 
  
   Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK  , 
  as a Lender 
  By:      /s/ Sharada Manne     
  Name:    Sharada Manne 
  Title:    Managing Director 

By:      /s/ Michael Willis     
  Name:    Michael Willis 
  Title:    Managing Director 

Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

IBERIABANK  , 
  as a Lender 
  By:      /s/ Tyler S. Thoem     
  Name:    Tyler S. Thoem 
  Title:    Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Ninth Amendment 

ANNEX I  LIST OF MAXIMUM CREDIT AMOUNTS 

Annex I 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 syrg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 syrg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 syrg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 syrg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 syrg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 syrg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

