<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1561743_0001561743-16-000076_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3520761</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>67667</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>198949</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1116082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1524250</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>552330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001561743-16-000076.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107160726
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001561743-16-000076
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kindred Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001561743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				461160142
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36225
		FILM NUMBER:		161978151

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1555 BAYSHORE HIGHWAY, SUITE 200
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-701-7901

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1555 BAYSHORE HIGHWAY, SUITE 200
		CITY:			BURLINGAME
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94010

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001561743-16-000076.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 kindred10qq32016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549    
  
  FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
     OR 

For the transition period from                      to                    
  Commission File Number: 001-36225    
  
  KINDRED BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

1555 Bayshore Highway, Suite 200 
   Burlingame, California 94010 
  (Address of principal executive office) (Zip code) 
  Registrant s telephone number: (650) 701-7901 
  
  Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes     x       No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter time that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes     x       No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 
      
    x 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by checkmark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes             No     x 
  As of October 31, 2016, Kindred Biosciences, Inc. had outstanding 19,891,407 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value.  

Table of Contents  

Kindred Biosciences, Inc. 
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                     Part No. 
    Item No. 
    Description 
    Page  No. 

I 
      
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

1 
     Financial Statements  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 
        
    2 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    14 
        
    3 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    23 
        
    4 
     Controls and Procedures  
    23 

II 
      
     OTHER INFORMATION  

1 
     Legal Proceedings  
    24 
        
    1A 
     Risk Factors  
    24 
        
    2 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    24 
        
    3 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    24 
        
    4 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    24 
        
    5 
     Other Information  
    24 
        
    6 
     Exhibits  
    25 

Index to Exhibits  
    25 

Signatures  
    26 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Kindred Biosciences, Inc.  
   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

Kindred Biosciences, Inc.  
   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
   (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

Kindred Biosciences, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

Kindred Biosciences, Inc.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1.    Description of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Kindred Biosciences, Inc. ("KindredBio", "we", "us" or "our") was incorporated on September 25, 2012 (inception) in the State of Delaware. On April 25, 2016, we filed a Certificate of Incorporation with the State of Delaware for a wholly owned subsidiary, KindredBio Equine, Inc. ("Subsidiary").   The Subsidiary has   one   class of capital stock which is designated common stock,   $0.0001   par value per share.  The authorized number of shares of common stock for the Subsidiary is   1,000  . 
  We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on saving and improving the lives of pets. Our activities since inception have consisted principally of raising capital, establishing facilities, recruiting management and technical staff and performing research and development and advancing our product candidates seeking regulatory approval. Our headquarters are located in Burlingame, California. 
  We are subject to risks common to companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. There can be no assurance that our research and development will be successfully completed, that adequate patent or other intellectual property protection for our technology will be obtained, that any products developed will obtain necessary government regulatory approval or that any approved products will be commercially viable. We operate in an environment of substantial competition from other animal health companies. In addition, we are dependent upon the services of our employees and consultants, as well as third-party contract research organizations and manufacturers. 
  The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements ( financial statements ) have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for complete financial statements. These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended   December 31, 2015   included in our annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of a normal and recurring nature, considered necessary for a fair presentation, have been included in these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned Subsidiary. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  Liquidity 
  We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations and have not generated any revenue since our inception. We expect to continue to incur losses and negative cash flows, which will increase significantly from historical levels as we expand our product development activities, seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates, establish a biologics manufacturing capability, and begin to commercialize any approved products. To date, we have been funded primarily through sales of our former convertible preferred stock, the sale of our common stock in our initial public offering in December 2013 and the sale of our common stock in our April 2014 follow-on public offering.  We believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments totaling   $62,484,000   as of   September 30, 2016  , are sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least the next   24   months. 
  If we require additional funding for operations, we may seek such funding through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as corporate collaborations and licensing arrangements. We may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all, and we may not be able to enter into corporate collaborations or licensing arrangements. The terms of any financing may result in dilution or otherwise adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our stockholders. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the  
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

reporting periods. Significant estimates and assumptions reflected in these condensed consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, the valuation of stock-based awards, the realization of deferred tax assets, the recoverability of long-lived assets and the accrual of research and development expenses. Estimates are periodically reviewed in light of changes in circumstances, facts and experience. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Comprehensive Loss 
  Our comprehensive loss includes the change in unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities.  The cumulative amount of gains or losses are reflected as a separate component of stockholders' equity in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).   
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes", requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any related valuation allowance, to be classified as non-current on the consolidated balance sheet. The classification change for all deferred taxes as non-current simplifies entities  processes as it eliminates the need to separately identify the net current and net non-current deferred tax asset or liability in each jurisdiction and allocate valuation allowances. The update is effective for public business entities issuing consolidated financial statements for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. We are currently evaluating the new guidance and have not determined the impact this standard may have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, "Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities", which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments and also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the new guidance and have not determined the impact this standard may have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)", requiring organizations that lease assets referred to as  lessees  to recognize on the consolidated balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. The ASU on leases will take effect for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the new guidance and have not determined the impact this standard may have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which amends ASC Topic 718,  Compensation - Stock Compensation . The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the consolidated financial statements. ASU 2016-09 is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption will be permitted in any interim or annual period, with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Our early adoption of this standard in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 did not have any material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  We do not believe there are any other recently issued standards not yet effective that will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements when the standards become effective.    
   
  2.    Fair Value Measurements 
  Certain assets and liabilities are carried at fair value. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. A fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last is considered unobservable, is used to measure fair value: 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
  Level 2: Observable inputs (other than Level 1 quoted prices) such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
  Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to determining the fair value of the assets or liabilities, including pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques. 
  The carrying amount of financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short maturities of these financial instruments. Financial assets, which consist of money market funds and available-for-sale securities, are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Financial assets, which consist of money market funds and available-for-sale securities, are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , U.S. treasury bills were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1.  With the exception of U.S. treasury bills, there were no other transfers of assets between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we did not have any financial liabilities which were measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

9 

Table of Contents  

3.    Investments 
  We classify all highly-liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months from the date of purchase and remaining maturities of less than one year as short-term investments.  Investments with maturities beyond one year may be classified as short-term based on their highly liquid nature and because such investments are viewed as being available to support current operations.  We classify and account for investments as available-for-sale and reflect realized gains and losses using the specific identification method.  Changes in market value, if any, excluding other-than-temporary impairments, are reflected in other comprehensive income (loss).  
    
  The fair value of available-for-sale investments by type of security at   September 30, 2016   was as follows (in thousands): 

The fair value of available-for-sale investments by type of security at December 31, 2015 was as follows (in thousands): 

10 

Table of Contents  

4.    Accrued Liabilities 
  Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands): 

5.    Stock-Based Awards and Common Stock 
  The table below shows the number of shares of common stock underlying options granted to employees, directors and consultants, the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model used to value those options and the resulting weighted-average grant date fair value per share:    

  In May 2016, we adopted the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ), and reserved   3,000,000   shares of our common stock for issuance under the 2016 Plan. The 2016 Plan is the successor to our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2012 Plan ), which was retired on May 23, 2016 upon stockholders  approval of our 2016 Plan.  All awards made under the 2012 Plan shall remain subject to the terms of that plan. Options granted under the 2016 Plan may be either incentive stock options or nonstatutory stock options. The 2016 Plan also provides for the grant of stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance stock awards, performance cash awards and other stock awards. The exercise price of a stock option may not be less than   100%   of the closing price of our common stock on the date of the grant. If, at any time we grant an incentive stock option, and the optionee directly or by attribution owns stock possessing more than   10%   of the total combined voting power of all classes of KindredBio stock, the option price shall be at least   110%   of the fair value and shall not be exercisable more than five years after the date of grant. Options generally vest over a period of   two   or   four   years from the date of grant. Options granted under the 2016 Plan expire no later than   10   years from the date of grant. As of September 30, 2016, there were   65,350   option shares outstanding and   2,934,650   shares available for future grants under the 2016 Plan. 
    
  Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Stock Purchase Plan"), adopted in December 2014, permits eligible employees to purchase common stock at a discount through payroll deductions during defined   six  -month consecutive offering periods beginning December 1 with the exception of our first offering period which commenced on January 1, 2015 for a   five   month duration. The price at which the stock is purchased is equal to the lower of   85%   of the fair market value of the common stock on the first day of the offering or   85%   of the fair market value of our common stock on the purchase date. A total of   200,000   shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the Stock Purchase Plan. A participant may purchase a maximum of   2,000   shares of common stock during each offering period, not to exceed   $25,000   worth of common stock on the offering date during each calendar year. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model, in combination with  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

the discounted employee price, in determining the value of the Stock Purchase Plan expense to be recognized during each offering period. The following assumptions were used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate employee stock-based compensation: 

Under the Stock Purchase Plan, employees purchased   22,797   shares of common stock for   $77,000   during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had an outstanding liability of   $56,000   and   $25,000  , respectively, which is included in accrued compensation on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, for employee contributions to the Stock Purchase Plan for shares pending issuance at the end of the next offering period. 
    
  We recorded stock-based compensation expense as follows (in thousands):      

  We had an aggregate of approximately   $6,124,000   of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for options outstanding and the Stock Purchase Plan as of   September 30, 2016   which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   2.1   years.  
   
  6.    Commitments and Contingencies 
  In April 2014, we entered into new non-cancelable operating leases for   2,145   square feet of laboratory space through May 2017 and   6,900   square feet of office space through November 2017. In January, August and November 2015, we amended our original operating lease for laboratory space to expand the facility with an additional   2,431   square feet,   131   square feet and   123   square feet, respectively, of manufacturing space through May 2017. In August 2015, we entered into a new non-cancelable operating lease for   3,126   square feet of office space in San Diego, California through September 2019. In February and October 2016, we further amended our original operating lease for laboratory space to further expand the facility with an additional   3,599   square feet and   2,326   square feet, respectively, of laboratory space through May 2017.  Commencing on June 1, 2017, the non-cancellable operating lease for the entire existing laboratory space of a total   10,755   square feet is extended for another   5   years through May 2022. In addition, we have   three   equipment leases expiring through 2020. 
    
    As of   September 30, 2016   (including amendments entered into after period end), we are obligated to make minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases as follows (in thousands): 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

7.    Net Loss Per Share 
  Basic and diluted net loss per share was calculated as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

There was no difference between the Company s net loss and the net loss attributable to common stockholders for all periods presented. 
  Stock options to purchase   3,573,955   shares of common stock as of   September 30, 2016  , were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , because their effect was anti-dilutive. 
  Stock options to purchase   3,078,065   shares of common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , because their effect was anti-dilutive. 
   
   8.    Restructuring Plan 
    
  On January 8, 2016, our Board of Directors committed to a restructuring plan intended to better align our workforce to our revised operating needs and program development plans.  On January 11, 2016, we implemented the restructuring plan that focused on streamlining our development programs and to ensure our remaining funds are sufficient to fund our planned operations through 2018. To match these priorities, we reduced our workforce by   18   positions, or approximately   31%   of our workforce, resulting in a total workforce of   39   positions.  As a result of the restructuring plan which has been completed, we recorded a restructuring charge of approximately   $655,000   related to severance payments which was entirely paid in the quarter ended March 31, 2016.  There were   no   further restructuring charges since then. 

9.    Subsequent Event 
    
  On October 5, 2016, we further amended our existing operating lease for laboratory space at the Mitten Road facility.  The amendment to the original lease provides for an expansion of an additional   2,326   square feet of laboratory space for a total of   10,755   square feet through May 31, 2017. Commencing on June 1, 2017, the non-cancellable operating lease for the entire existing laboratory space of a total   10,755   square feet is extended for another   5   years through May 31, 2022. 

13 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     In this section,  Kindred,   we,   our,   ours,   us  and the  Company  refer to Kindred Biosciences, Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiary KindredBio Equine, Inc.  You should read the following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q consists of forward-looking statements such as statements regarding our expectations about the trials, regulatory approval, manufacturing, distribution and commercialization of our current and future product candidates and statements regarding our anticipated revenues, expenses, margins, profits and use of cash. In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the words  anticipates,   believes,   expects,   intends,   future,   could,   estimates,   plans,   would,   should,   potential,   continues  and similar words or expressions (as well as other words or expressions referencing future events, conditions or circumstances) often identify forward-looking statements.  
    
    These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations. These statements are not promises or guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results to be materially different from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following:  our limited operating history and expectations of losses for the foreseeable future; the absence of revenue from our product candidates for the foreseeable future; our potential inability to obtain any necessary additional financing; our substantial dependence on the success of our lead product candidates, which may not be successfully commercialized even if they are approved for marketing; the effect of competition; our potential inability to obtain regulatory approval for our existing or future product candidates; our dependence on third parties to conduct some of our development activities; our dependence upon third-party manufacturers for supplies of our product candidates; uncertainties regarding the outcomes of trials pertaining to our product candidates; our potential failure to attract and retain senior management and key scientific personnel; uncertainty about our ability to develop a satisfactory sales organization; our significant costs of operating as a public company; our potential inability to obtain patent protection and other intellectual property protection for our product candidates; potential claims by third parties alleging our infringement of their patents and other intellectual property rights; our potential failure to comply with regulatory requirements, which are subject to change on an ongoing basis; the potential volatility of our stock price; and the significant control over our business by our principal stockholders and management.   
    
    For a further description of these risks and uncertainties and other risks and uncertainties that we face, please see the  Risk Factors  sections that are contained in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including the "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016, and any subsequent updates that may be contained in the  Risk Factors  sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC.  As a result of the risks and uncertainties described above and in our filings with the SEC, actual results may differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speak only as of the date of this report and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements, except as may be required by law.  

14 

     Table of Contents  

Overview 
  We are an early stage biopharmaceutical company focused on saving and improving the lives of pets. Our mission is to bring to our pets the same kinds of safe and effective medicines that our human family members enjoy. Our core strategy is to identify compounds and targets that have already demonstrated safety and efficacy in humans and to develop therapeutics based on these validated compounds and targets for pets, primarily dogs, cats and horses. We believe this approach will lead to shorter development times and higher approval rates than pursuing new, non-validated compounds and targets. We have submitted all major technical sections of the New Animal Drug Application, or NADA, to the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for two product candidates. In addition, we have multiple other product candidates, including several biologics, in various stages of development. We believe there are significant unmet medical needs for pets, and that the pet therapeutics segment of the animal health industry is likely to grow substantially as new therapeutics are identified, developed and marketed specifically for pets.  
    
  In November 2015, we completed a pivotal trial of Zimeta   TM    (dipyrone injection), previously known as KIND-012, for pyrexia (fever) in horses with positive topline results. We submitted all major technical sections of the NADA for Zimeta to the FDA before the end of the first quarter of 2016. We have received the technical section complete letter for effectiveness from the FDA, responded to comments from the FDA regarding the Chemical, Manufacturing and Controls, or CMC, technical section and are in the process of responding to comments on the safety technical section.  We anticipate the approval of Zimeta including product launch in the first half of 2017, assuming single cycle FDA review. We have initiated pre-launch activities including build-out of a small commercial team, preparations for distribution and commercial manufacturing.  
    
  We have also completed our formulation development of the oral gel form of Zimeta for the treatment of fever in horses.  The pivotal trial for Zimeta (dipyrone oral gel) is expected to initiate in the first half of 2017.  The oral gel form of dipyrone is expected to be an additional valuable tool for equine veterinarians by providing an easy-to-administer fever reducing agent for the horse and horse owner.     In addition, we have incorporated an equine subsidiary, KindredBio Equine, Inc., for our equine business.  We anticipate that we may, in the future, spin out or split out our equine business from our biologics business. 
    
  We announced positive topline results in May 2016 upon the successful completion of a pharmacokinetic study and a randomized, placebo-controlled pivotal study of Mirataz   TM    (mirtazapine 2% ointment), formerly known as KIND-010, for the management of weight loss in cats.  All major technical sections of the NADA have been filed.  We received comments from FDA on the CMC technical section and are currently addressing the comments. Based on the feedback, we anticipate the approval of Mirataz and are preparing for the commercial launch in mid 2017, assuming single cycle FDA review.  In addition, we are in discussions with potential partners regarding the commercialization of Mirataz. 
    
  We conducted a pilot laboratory study to demonstrate the effectiveness and safety of two formulations of KIND-014, a development candidate for equine gastric ulcer in horses.  Both formulations were well-tolerated and showed positive results for efficacy, as measured by gastric pH.  A pilot field study initiated earlier in the year was completed recently.  Based on the study results, we are currently optimizing the formulation. 
    
  Our epoCat   TM    (feline erythropoietin) program for the control of non-regenerative anemia in cats is advancing as planned.  The initial laboratory study was completed, with a positive efficacy signal, as evidenced by increased reticulocyte formation. The pilot field efficacy study is underway and enrollment is ongoing. 
    
  Formulation for KIND-015, a development candidate for metabolic syndrome in horses, a disease similar to Type II diabetes in humans, is being optimized.  We plan to initiate a pilot field efficacy study by the first quarter of 2017. 
    
  We initiated a pilot field study of atopic dermatitis in dogs in June 2016. The multi-center pilot study is designed to assess safety and efficacy of several molecules, including anti-cytokine antibodies. Enrollment is ongoing and the results will determine which candidate(s) will be taken into further development. 
    
  We also completed the first stage of a pilot field study in sick or septic foals to assess safety and efficacy of anti-TNF.  Of the five foals enrolled, all survived to day 7, the primary endpoint of the study. The second stage of the study is planned to start in early 2017, during the next foaling season. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Other biologics: Antibodies against cytokines and immune checkpoints are progressing on track, and initial pilot studies for some of the antibodies are anticipated in 2016. KIND-Bodies, a novel biologics scaffold with certain advantages over antibodies, including bi-specific binding, is proceeding on track. 
    
  We have constructed a Good Manufacturing Practice, or GMP, biologics manufacturing plant and it is currently undergoing commissioning.  We anticipate proceeding to GMP manufacturing by the first quarter of 2017. 
    
  In addition to the product candidates discussed above, we are in the early stages of development for multiple additional indications, with the potential to attain approval for approximately two products annually for several years. We plan to commercialize our products in the United States through a direct sales force complemented by selected distributor relationships, and in the EU through distributors and other third parties. Because we seek to identify product candidates that are not protected by third-party patents, we typically do not need to obtain licenses or make any upfront, milestone or royalty payments in connection with our product candidates. 
    
  We are an early stage company with no products approved for marketing and sale, and we have not generated any revenue. We have incurred significant net losses since our inception. We incurred cumulative net losses of   $75,292,000   through   September 30, 2016  . These losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in connection with investigating and developing our product candidates, research and development activities and general and administrative costs associated with our operations.  
    
  Historically, our funding has been a combination of private and public offerings, most recently our initial public offering in December 2013 provided us with net proceeds of $54,871,000 and a follow-on public offering in April 2014 provided us with net proceeds of $58,065,000. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of   $62,484,000  .  
    
  For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to incur losses, which will increase significantly from historical levels as we expand our product development activities, seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and begin to commercialize them if they are approved by the CVM branch of the FDA, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, or USDA, or the European Medicines Agency, or EMA. If we are required to further fund our operations, we expect to do so through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaborations and licensing arrangements. We cannot assure you that such funds will be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. Arrangements with collaborators or others may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our technologies or product candidates. In addition, we may never successfully complete development of, obtain adequate patent protection for, obtain necessary regulatory approval, or achieve commercial viability for any product candidate. If we are not able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, as and when needed, we may be required to curtail our operations, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 
  Our management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those described below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies since the beginning of our fiscal year. Our critical accounting policies are described in the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which was filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following table summarizes the results of our operations for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

Revenue 
  We do not have any products approved for sale, have not generated any revenue since our inception and do not expect to generate any material revenue in the near future. If our development efforts result in clinical success and regulatory approval or collaboration agreements with third parties for any of our product candidates, we may generate revenue from those product candidates. 
  Research and Development Expense  
    
  All costs of research and development are expensed in the period incurred. Research and development costs consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel, stock-based compensation expense, fees paid to consultants, outside service providers, professional services, travel costs and materials used in clinical trials and research and development.  We are currently pursuing multiple product candidates for over a dozen indications. We typically use our employee and infrastructure resources across multiple development programs.  
  Research and development expense was as follows for the periods indicated (in thousands, except for percentages): 

17 

     Table of Contents  

During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , research and development expense related primarily to the completion of the pivotal field study of Mirataz for management of weight loss in cats, including completing the necessary regulatory requirements and preparing for the commercial launches for Mirataz and Zimeta, our other product candidate. During this period all technical sections of the NADA for Zimeta and Mirataz were completed and submitted to the FDA. In addition, the pilot field study for KIND-014 initiated earlier this year has been completed and based on the study results we are currently optimizing the formulation.  We also initiated additional manufacturing work in preparation for commercialization of our two product candidates.  We continue to advance additional product candidates in our small molecule programs as well as continue to advance our biologics program by building an in-house team to focus on setting-up a manufacturing process for our potential biologic candidates.  
  Research and development expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , decreased by 25% to $3,754,000 compared with $5,033,000 for the same period in 2015.  The decrease in expenses were due to $852,000 lower payroll and related expenses as a result of our corporate restructuring in January 2016.  Our field trial costs decreased by $409,000 as the completion of the pivotal study for Mirataz was earlier than expected, partially offset by the pilot field study costs for KIND-014, and the 2015 expenses included pivotal field trial costs for SentiKind and Zimeta, which we did not have in 2016.  In addition, other research expenses and stock based compensation expense decreased by $64,000 and $28,000, respectively, offset in part by $74,000 in consulting expenses. Outsourced research and development expenses related to our KIND-014, Zimeta, Mirataz and other product development programs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $532,000, $260,000, $54,000 and $379,000, respectively.  Outsourced research and development expense consists primarily of costs related to CMC, clinical trial costs and consulting. 
  Research and development expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , decreased by 30% to $10,352,000 compared with $14,833,000 for the same period in 2015.  The decrease in expenses were due to $1,741,000 lower payroll and related expenses as a result of reduced headcount.  Our field trial costs decreased by $2,214,000 as the pivotal study for Mirataz was completed earlier than expected, offset in part by costs associated with the pilot field study for KIND-014, whereas expenses in 2015 included two pivotal field studies.  In addition, stock-based compensation expense as well as consulting expense decreased by approximately $308,000 and $156,000, respectively. Outsourced research and development expenses related to our Mirataz, KIND-014, Zimeta and other product development programs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $838,000, $689,000, $626,000 and $797,000, respectively.  
    We expect research and development expense to increase for the foreseeable future as we increase our headcount, commence pilot studies and further develop our small molecule compounds and biologics development programs.  Due to the inherently unpredictable nature of our development, we cannot reasonably estimate or predict the nature, specific timing or estimated costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of our product candidates. 
  General and Administrative Expense 
  General and administrative expense was as follows for the periods indicated (in thousands, except for percentages): 

General and administrative expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   decreased by 3% to $2,022,000 compared with $2,095,000 for the same period in 2015.  The decrease in general and administrative expense  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

was related to lower consulting, legal, professional services and other expenses.  The decrease in expenses were offset in part by higher corporate and marketing expenses as we prepare for the launch of Zimeta and Mirataz as well as higher stock based compensation expense.  
  General and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   remained unchanged compared to the same period in 2015.  Lower expenses in consulting, legal, professional services and other expenses were offset by higher payroll, corporate and marketing expenses resulting in spending being flat year over year. 
  We expect general and administrative expense to increase going forward as we prepare for the commercial launches of Zimeta and Mirataz. 
  Restructuring costs 
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded a restructuring charge of $655,000 in order to streamline our focus on our development programs and to ensure our remaining funds are sufficient to fund our planned operations through 2018. Eighteen employees were impacted by the restructuring and all restructuring charges were paid as of March 31, 2016.  There was no restructuring charge in the second or third quarter of 2016. 
    
  Income Taxes 
  We have historically incurred operating losses and maintain a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets.  Our management has evaluated the factors bearing upon the realizability of our deferred tax assets, which are comprised principally of net operating loss carryforwards and concluded that, due to the uncertainty of realizing any tax benefits as of   September 30, 2016  , a valuation allowance was necessary to fully offset our deferred tax assets. 
    
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations and have not generated any revenue since our inception in September 2012 through   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we had an accumulated deficit of   $75,292,000  .  Since inception, we raised a total of $125,023,000, net of offering costs, through public offerings of our common stock and through the sale of preferred stock (subsequently converted to common stock at the time of our initial public offering). As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of   $62,484,000  .  We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and  investments balances as of   September 30, 2016  , are sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least the next   24   months. 
  Cash Flows 
  The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods set forth below: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net cash used in operating activities was   $14,264,000  . The net loss of   $16,690,000   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   included non-cash charges of   $2,699,000   for stock-based compensation expense,   $199,000   for the amortization of premium on marketable securities and   $115,000   for depreciation and amortization.  Net cash used in operating activities was further impacted by changes in operating assets and liabilities of   $587,000  .  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , net cash used in operating activities was    $17,228,000  . Net cash used in operating activities resulted primarily from our net loss of   $20,710,000  , partially offset by non-cash, stock-based compensation of   $3,103,000  , depreciation and amortization of   $108,000  , amortization of premium on marketable securities of   $128,000  , and further impacted by changes in operating assets and liabilities of   $143,000  . 
  Net cash provided by investing activities 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net cash provided by investing activities was   $7,493,000  , which resulted from proceeds from maturities of marketable securities of   $69,813,000  , offset by   $61,482,000   related to the purchase of marketable securities and   $838,000   related to purchases of property and equipment. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , net cash used in investing activities was   $8,592,000   and related to proceeds from maturities of marketable securities of   $87,000,000   and sales of investments of   $3,000,000  , offset by the purchase of marketable securities of   $81,086,000   and property and equipment of   $322,000  . 
  Net cash provided by financing activities 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , net cash provided by financing activities of   $90,000   was related to proceeds from the purchase of common stock through our Employee Stock Purchase Program and exercise of stock options. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , net cash provided by financing activities of   $206,000   was from the exercise of stock options and the purchase of common stock through our Employee Stock Purchase Program. 
  Future Funding Requirements 
  We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the next several years due to expenses relating to: 
             
    pivotal trials of our product candidates; 
                
    toxicology (target animal safety) studies for our product candidates; 
                
    small molecule manufacturing; 
                
    establishment of biologics manufacturing capability; and 
                
    commercialization of one or more of our product candidates, if approved. 
       
  We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and investments will be sufficient to fund our operating plan through the next 24 months. However, our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as strategic collaborations. Such financing may result in dilution to stockholders, imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations or other restrictions that may affect our business. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. 
  Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
             
    the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our current or future product candidates; 
                
    the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for any of our current or future product candidates; 
                
    the number and characteristics of the product candidates we pursue; 
                
    the cost of manufacturing our current and future product candidates and any products we successfully commercialize, including cost of building internal biologics manufacturing capacity;  
                
    the cost of commercialization activities if any of our current or future product candidates are approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs; 
                
    the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel; 
                
    the costs associated with being a public company; 
                
    our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements; and 
     
   20 

     Table of Contents  

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing possible patent claims, including litigation costs and the outcome of any such litigation. 
       
  Since inception, we have not engaged in the use of any off-balance sheet arrangements, such as structured finance entities, special purpose entities or variable interest entities. 
  Contractual Obligations 
  In April 2014, we entered into noncancelable operating leases for laboratory space and office space and in January, August and November 2015, as well as February  and October 2016, we amended one of the operating leases to include additional lab space. In June 2015, we entered into a noncancelable operating lease for office space in San Diego, California. Under the operating leases we are obligated to make minimum lease payments as of   September 30, 2016   totaling   $2,820,000   through May 2022, the timing of which is described in more detail in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes", requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any related valuation allowance, to be classified as non-current on the consolidated balance sheet. The classification change for all deferred taxes as non-current simplifies entities  processes as it eliminates the need to separately identify the net current and net non-current deferred tax asset or liability in each jurisdiction and allocate valuation allowances. The update is effective for public business entities issuing consolidated financial statements for the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. We are currently evaluating the new guidance and have not determined the impact this standard may have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01, "Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities", which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments and also amends certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the new guidance and have not determined the impact this standard may have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)", requiring organizations that lease assets referred to as  lessees  to recognize on the consolidated balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. The ASU on leases will take effect for public companies for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the new guidance and have not determined the impact this standard may have on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which amends ASC Topic 718,  Compensation - Stock Compensation . The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the consolidated financial statements. ASU 2016-09 is effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption will be permitted in any interim or annual period, with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Our early adoption of this standard in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 did not have any material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

We do not believe there are any other recently issued standards not yet effective that will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements when the standards become effective.    

22 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital.  We do not utilize hedging contracts or similar instruments. 
  We are exposed to certain market risks relating primarily to (1) interest rate risk on our cash and cash equivalents, (2) market  price risk on our investments, and (3) risks relating to the financial viability of the institutions which hold our capital and through which we have invested our funds. We manage such risks by investing in short-term, liquid, highly-rated instruments. As of   September 30, 2016  , our cash equivalents and investments are invested in money market funds, U.S. treasury bills, U.S. federal agency notes, corporate notes, commercial paper and U.S treasury bonds. We do not believe we have any material exposure to interest rate risk due to the extremely low interest rate environment, the short duration of the securities we hold and our ability to hold our investments to maturity if necessary.  Declines in interest rates would reduce investment income, but would not have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.   
  We do not currently have exposure to foreign currency risk.  

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer (the    Certifying Officer   ), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the    Exchange Act   ), such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Certifying Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on these evaluations, the Certifying Officer has concluded, that, as of the end of the period covered by this report: 
  (a)    our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms; and 
  (b)        our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act was accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Certifying Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

23 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS 
  You should consider the  Risk Factors  included under Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016.  There have been no material changes to those Risk Factors. 
   
  ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  None. 
  Use of Proceeds from the Sale of Registered Securities 
  On December 11, 2013, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-192242) was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for our initial public offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 8,625,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of $7.00 per share.  There has been no material change in our use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on December 12, 2013 pursuant to Rule 424(b).  
   
  ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  Not applicable. 
   
  ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 

24 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS 
  EXHIBIT INDEX 
                   Exhibit  Number 
      
    Description 
      31.1 
      
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. 
      32.1 
      
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

25 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
  Date: November 7, 2016 
                 Kindred Biosciences, Inc. 

By: 
    /s/ Richard Chin 
        
    Richard Chin, M.D. 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Interim Principal Financial Officer Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
  I, Richard Chin, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kindred Biosciences, Inc. 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
              4. 
    I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and   and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))   for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
              5. 
    I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                   Date: November 7, 2016 
      
    By:        /s/ Richard Chin                           

Name:      Richard Chin, MD 

Title:        Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit321q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
  AND INTERIM PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Kindred Biosciences, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies that, to his knowledge: 
  (i)    The quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  (ii)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Date: November 7, 2016 
      
    By:            /s/ Richard Chin                          

Name:      Richard Chin, MD 

Title:        Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 kin-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 kin-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 kin-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 kin-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 kin-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 kin-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

