<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1564709_0001144204-16-134019_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3618970</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68121</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>207432</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>888163</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1686321</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>697417</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134019.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114140215
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Truett-Hurst, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001564709
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35973
		FILM NUMBER:		161993499

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4035 WESTSIDE ROAD
		CITY:			HEALDSBURG
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95448
		BUSINESS PHONE:		707-431-4423

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4035 WESTSIDE ROAD
		CITY:			HEALDSBURG
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95448

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134019.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452083_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016 

For the transition period from                       
to                         

Commission File Number: 333-187164 

TRUETT-HURST,
INC.   

(Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter)  

DELAWARE   
       46-1561499    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. employer    
 
       incorporation or organization)   
       identification number)    

125 Foss Creek Circle, Healdsburg, California   
       95448    
 
       (Address of principal executive offices)   
       (zip code)    

(707) 431-4423  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)        

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes    x 
    No       

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes    x 
    No       

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large
accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated filer                
       
      Accelerated filer                                 
 
      Non-accelerated filer                  
       
      Smaller reporting company           x    
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes      
    No    x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the Issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

  FORM 10-Q  

INDEX TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

Part I.  
       
        Financial Information    
     3  

Item 1.  
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and June 30, 2016   
     3  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     4  

Unaudited Condensed  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     5  

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
     6  

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     14  

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
     20  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
     21  
 
      Part II.  
       
        Other Information    
     22  

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
     22  

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
     22  

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     22  

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     22  

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     22  

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
     22  

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
     23  

Signatures   
       
     24  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (In thousands, except share data/per
share data)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (In thousands, except share data/per
share data)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION
AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation   

The unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements include the results of Truett-Hurst, Inc. ( THI ) and its subsidiary H.D.D.
LLC ( LLC ). They have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with general instructions for quarterly reports filed on
Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X. THI consolidates the financial results of the LLC and records a noncontrolling interest
representing the portion of equity ownership in the LLC that is not attributable to THI. 

On January 25, 2016,
the LLC sold its fifty percent interest in The Wine Spies, LLC ( Wine Spies ) with an effective date of December 31,
2015. The results from Wine Spies, which were previously consolidated, have been deconsolidated in the unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements. The gain on the sale along with the current year results have been recorded in the statements
of operations as part of discontinued operations. Prior periods have been accounted for on a consistent basis. 

The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for audited financial
statements. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared on the same basis as the audited
financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, and, in the opinion of
management, these financial statements include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for
a fair presentation of the results of the interim periods presented. The operating results for the interim period presented are
not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the full fiscal year. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed with the SEC on September 28, 2016. 

Quantities or results
referred to as  to date  or  as of this date  mean as of or to September 30, 2016, unless otherwise specifically
noted. References to  FY  or  fiscal year  refer to the fiscal year ending on June 30 th  of the
designated year. 

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

There
have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates previously disclosed in the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

Reclassifications  

Certain prior period
amounts in the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current year
presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported consolidated results of continuing operations. 

Accounting Pronouncements  

In November 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17:  Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  The update sets forth
a requirement for companies to classify deferred tax assets and liabilities as non-current amounts on the balance sheet. It is
effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those
annual periods. The Company does not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02:  Leases (Topic 842).  The standard includes a lessee accounting model that recognizes two types
of leases   finance and operating leases. It requires that a lessee recognize on the balance sheet assets and liabilities
for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. The amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09:
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  which amends ASU 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation.
 The update sets forth an initiative to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of GAAP for which cost and complexity can be reduced
while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements.    The amendment
is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15:
 Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)   Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The update sets forth
guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. The amendment is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and
interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU. 

NOTE 2   INVENTORIES  

Inventories comprise: 

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 3   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, net  

Property and equipment,
net comprise: 

During the quarter the Company recorded
a reserve for assets that will be abandoned when the tasting room is vacated based on the litigation settlement. See Litigation
section of Note 5 below. 

Total depreciation and amortization expense
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 was $0.2 million. 

NOTE 4   BORROWINGS  

The Company s indebtedness is comprised
primarily of bank loans including lines of credit and long term debt. 

Lines of Credit  

In July 2016, all lines of credit were extended
until July 31, 2017. 

In July 2016, the capital equipment line
of credit from the prior fiscal year was converted to a term loan. The interest rate on the loan is 3.95% with a maturity date
of July 1, 2020 and monthly payments of $0.08 million. 

The credit facilities, which mature on July
31, 2017, include (a) a revolving line of credit with a maximum commitment of $10.0 million which accrues interest at 2.25% above
the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), (b) a capital equipment line with a maximum commitment of $0.5 million
which carries an interest rate of 2.25% above floating One-Month LIBOR, and (c) a foreign exchange facility with a maximum commitment
of $0.1 million which allows our bank to enter into any spot or forward transaction to purchase or sell a foreign currency. The
Company did not use the foreign exchange facility during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The credit facilities
are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the Company s assets with guarantees from the LLC members. The bank borrowings
contain usual and customary covenants, including, among others, limitations on incurrence of senior indebtedness, the making of
loans and advances, investments, acquisitions, and capital expenditures, the incurrence of liens, and the consummation of mergers
and asset sales. The loan maintains the minimum current assets to current liabilities ratio covenant (measured quarterly) and the
maximum debt to effective tangible net worth ratio covenant (measured quarterly). As of July 29, 2016, the previous minimum EBITDA
covenant was replaced with a minimum debt service coverage ratio (measured quarterly on a trailing twelve-month basis). 

Long Term Debt  

Long term debt comprises: 

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

(1)   Note payable to a bank, secured by a deed of trust on property, payable monthly with principal
payments of $11,270 plus interest, matures May 31, 2022, variable interest of 2.25% above LIBOR.   

(4)   On November 30, 2014, the Company acquired the unrestricted use of the Stonegate trademark in exchange
for a trademark release payment which is to be made over time and is accounted for as a note payable. The note payable has three
equal installments: a) within five days of November 30, 2014, b) on October 31, 2015, and c) on July 31, 2016. The note does not
accrue interest outstanding on the principal. An imputed interest rate of 5.5% was assessed under GAAP and the impact was considered
immaterial.   

Future principal and interest payments for the long term debt
as of September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

NOTE 5   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Leases    

The Company leases
one of its tasting rooms and a winery production facility. The lease for both of these facilities was modified in July 2016. The
modification calls for the Company to vacate the tasting room portion of the property no later than December 31, 2016, and the
balance of the space no later than May 31, 2017. See Litigation section of Note 5 below. The future lease commitments as presented
below give effect to the modified lease terms. 

The Company has two
lease agreements for administrative office space. Both are three-year leases with an end date of October 31, 2019. One of these
leases contains three one-year renewal options with adjustment to market rates. 

Lease payments for
these facilities were $0.08 million and $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Future lease commitments are: 

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

Supply Contracts    

The Company enters
into short and long term contracts with third-parties and related party growers to supply a portion of its future grape and bulk
wine inventory requirements. The grape commitments for the fiscal year 2017 were received in the first quarter of FY17. The Company
did not extend a large contract for the purchase of bulk wine to future years. Future minimum grape and bulk wine inventory purchase
commitments are as follows: 

At September 30, 2016,
total future purchase commitments for finished goods were approximately $1.8 million and are expected to be fulfilled during fiscal
2018. 

Production   Storage   

The Company enters
into various contracts with third-party service providers for grape crushing, wine storage and bottling. The costs are recorded
in the period for which the service is provided. The actual costs related to custom crush services are based on volume. The Company s
current contracts for custom crush services cover the 2016 harvest. The current bottling contract requires a minimum of 200,000
cases at $2.40 per case to be bottled in a one year period. The Company currently stores approximately 82% of its bulk wine inventory
in a storage location owned by a related party. The terms of the storage agreement are on the same basis as similar non-related
party agreements. 

Litigation    

From time to time, the Company may be subject
to various litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Other than discussed below, the Company is not aware
of any current pending legal matters or claims, individually or in the aggregate, that are expected to have a material adverse
impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

On January 29, 2016, Mendocino Wine Group
( MWG ) filed a complaint against Phil Hurst ( Hurst ) and H.D.D., LLC ( LLC ). The complaint
alleges that, prior to January 2012, Hurst and LLC aided and abetted Paul Dolan in his alleged breach of fiduciary duties to MWG
and that they interfered with Dolan's contract with Thornhill Management Company (the manager of MWG), and aided and abetted Dolan's
interference with MWG's economic advantage. LLC denies the claims, denies all wrongdoing, and denies that they caused any harm
to MWG. A trial date has been set for January 27, 2017. No amount has been recorded in the condensed consolidated financial statements
related to this suit. 

The Company settled
outstanding litigation related to the lease of one of its tasting rooms and a winery production facility, in exchange for payment
of $1.0 million to LLC, quitclaimed certain rights, and modified its lease such that the Company will vacate the tasting room portion
of the property no later than December 31, 2016, and the balance of the space no later than May 31, 2017. The Company received
a payment of $0.7 million during the first quarter of FY17. The balance of $0.3 million is held in an escrow account with payments
due on December 31, 2016 with the vacancy of the tasting room and on May 31, 2017 with the vacancy of the winery production facility.
The $0.3 million receivable is recorded in accounts receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The entire $1.0 million
was recorded as a gain in other income on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The gain was offset by a reserve
for abandoned assets in the amount of $0.1 million. The $0.1 million represents the book value of assets that will be left at the
property when the Company vacates on December 31, 2016. 

Exchange and
Tax Receivable Agreement   

The Company has an
exchange agreement with the existing owners of the LLC, several of whom are directors and/or officers.  Under the exchange
agreement, each LLC member (and certain permitted transferees thereof) may (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement), exchange
their LLC Units for shares of Class A common stock of the Company on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate
adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications, or for cash, at the Company s election. In connection
with the exchange agreement, the Company has a tax receivable agreement ( TRA ) with the LLC members. The agreement
provides for the payment from time to time, as  corporate taxpayer,  to holders of LLC Units of 90% of the amount of
the benefits, if any, that the corporate taxpayer is deemed to realize as a result of (i) increases in tax basis resulting from
the exchange of LLC Units and (ii) certain other tax benefits related to the Company entering into the agreement, including tax
benefits attributable to payments under the agreement. These payment obligations are obligations of the corporate taxpayer and
not of the LLC. The term of the agreement will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless the corporate
taxpayer exercises its right to terminate the agreement for an amount based on the agreed payments remaining to be made under the
agreement or the corporate taxpayer breaches any of its material obligations under the agreement in which case all obligations
will generally be accelerated and due as if the corporate taxpayer had exercised its right to terminate the agreement. 

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

Indemnification

From time to time the
Company enters into certain types of contracts that contingently require it to indemnify various parties against claims from third-parties.
Historically, the Company has not been required to make payments under these obligations, and no liabilities have been recorded
at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 for these obligations on the consolidated balance sheets. 

NOTE 6   DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

On
January 25, 2016, the LLC sold its fifty percent interest in The Wine Spies, LLC ( Wine Spies ) with an effective date
of December 31, 2015. The results from Wine Spies, which were previously consolidated, have been deconsolidated in the condensed
consolidated financial statements. The gain on the sale along with the prior year results have been recorded in the consolidated
statement of operations as part of discontinued operations.  The Company has no continuing relationship with Wine Spies.
For the three months ended September 30, 2015, net income from discontinued operations was $0.02 million. Earnings per share from
discontinued operations was less than one cent. 

NOTE 7   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

Equity Incentive Plan  

The Company has granted
restricted stock awards, stock options and restricted stock units to employees, directors and non-employees under its 2012 Stock
Incentive Plan. As of September 30, 2016, the 2012 Plan has 1.0 million shares reserved for issuance and a total of 0.1 million
shares available to be issued. 

A summary of the activity for restricted
stock awards is presented below: 

A summary of the activity for restricted stock units is presented
below: 

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

A summary of the activity for stock options is presented below: 

The following table
summarizes stock-based compensation included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 2015: 

NOTE 8   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS  

Fair value is defined
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. The carrying amount reflected in the condensed consolidated balance sheets of financial assets and liabilities
are all categorized as Level 1. They include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses,
which approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these financial assets and liabilities. The carrying amount
of the Company s debt approximates its fair value based on prevailing interest rates and time to maturity. 

In October 2012, the
Company executed an interest rate swap obligation that was measured using observable inputs such as the LIBOR and Ten-year Treasury
interest rates, and therefore has been categorized as Level 2. This derivative is not designated as a hedging instrument and has
been recorded at fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Changes in the fair value of this instrument have been
recognized in the condensed consolidated statements of operations in other expense. The maturity date of the swap is May 31, 2022.
At June 30, 2016 and September 30, 2016, the interest rate swap balance was ($0.1) million for both the fair value and the Level
2 value. The balance for the interest rate swap is included in accrued expenses on the consolidated balance sheet. 

NOTE 9   INCOME TAXES   

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded income tax expense of $.001 and had an effective tax rate of less than 1%. The Company's
effective tax rate is a function of: 

A rate benefit attributable to the fact that HDD operates as a limited
liability company which is not subject to federal or state income tax. Accordingly, a portion of the earnings are not subject to
corporate level taxes.    

Operating losses for the periods or utilization of net operating loss
carryforwards.    

Recording a full valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets
as the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the future tax benefits would not be realized. The Company did
not record a deferred tax asset during the three months ended September 30, 2016.    

TRUETT-HURST, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

There were no unrecognized
tax benefits at September 30, 2016 and the Company did not incur any income tax related interest expense or penalties related to
uncertain tax positions. 

NOTE 10   SIGNIFICANT CUSTOMER INFORMATION, SEGMENT
REPORTING AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION  

The Company s
primary reporting segments are identified as wholesale and direct to consumer. 

Wholesale sales include
the retail exclusive brand label model and other brands sold through the three-tier distribution system. Direct to consumer sales
occur through the Company s tasting rooms and wine clubs. Operating and other expenses are not allocated between operating
segments; therefore, operating and net income (loss) information for the respective segments is not available. In addition, discrete
financial information related to segment specific assets is not available. Sales and cost of sales are reported by segment. 

The following tables reflect net sales,
cost of sales and gross profit by segment for continuing operations for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively: 

Significant Customer Information:   

The following tables set forth concentrations
of wholesale sales and accounts receivable as a percent of each total: 

International sales
were $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

NOTE 11   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company has evaluated all subsequent
event activity through the issue date of these condensed consolidated financial statements and concluded that no additional subsequent
events have occurred that would require recognition in the condensed consolidated financial statements or disclosure in the notes
to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and other parts of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). All statements, other than statements of historical
fact, regarding strategy, future operations, financial position, prospects, plans, opportunities, and objectives constitute  forward-looking
statements.  The words  may,   will,   expect,   plan,   anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   potential,  or  continue  and similar types of expressions
identify such statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements are based
upon information that is currently available to the Company and or management s current expectations, speak only as of the
date hereof, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. The Company expressly disclaims any obligation, except as required by
federal securities laws, or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change
or expectations with regard thereto or to reflect any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such forward-looking
statement is based, in whole or in part. The Company s actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in
or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited
to, a reduction in the supply of grapes and bulk wine available to the Company; significant competition; any change in our relationships
with retailers which could harm the Company s business; the Company may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future;
the loss of key employees; a reduction in our access to, or an increase in the cost of, the third-party services the Company uses
to produce its wine; credit facility restrictions on the Company s current and future operations; failure to protect, or
infringement of, trademarks and proprietary rights; these factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction
with the other cautionary statements that are included in this report. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update
or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Risks that may
affect the Company s operating results include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the  Risk Factors 
section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on
September 28, 2016. Readers should carefully review the risk factors described in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016
and in other documents that the Company files from time to time with the SEC. 

The unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements include the results of Truett-Hurst, Inc. and its subsidiary: H.D.D. LLC ( LLC )
(collectively,  we,   Truett-Hurst   our,   us,  or  the Company )
and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information and with the general instructions for quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation
S-X. The disclosures do not include all the information necessary for audited financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
These unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and notes contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 filed with the SEC
on September 28, 2016. In the opinion of our management, all adjustments, which include normal recurring adjustments, considered
necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Unless
otherwise indicated, the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements relate to the discussion of our continuing
operations. The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all of the Company s accounts, including
those of our controlled subsidiary and the portion of equity in a consolidated subsidiary that is not attributable to us, directly
or indirectly, is presented as noncontrolling interests. 

OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS  

General  

The
Company is a holding company incorporated as a Delaware corporation and its sole asset is a controlling equity interest in H.D.D.
LLC (the  LLC ). Unless the context suggests otherwise, references in this report to  Truett-Hurst,  the
 Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer to Truett-Hurst, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiary. Truett-Hurst consolidates the financial results of the LLC and records a noncontrolling interest for the economic interest
in the LLC it does not own. The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes two classes of common
stock, Class A common stock and Class B common stock.   

Quantities or results
referred to as  to date  or  as of this date  mean as of or to September 30, 2016, unless otherwise specifically
noted. References to  FY  or  fiscal year  refer to the fiscal year ending on June 30th of the designated
year. For example,  FY16  and  fiscal year 2016  each refer to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q references certain trademarks and registered trademarks which may be trademarks or registered trademarks
of their respective owners. 

On January 25, 2016,
the LLC sold its fifty percent interest in The Wine Spies, LLC ( Wine Spies ) with an effective date of December 31,
2015. The results from Wine Spies, which were previously consolidated, have been deconsolidated in the Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements. The gain on the sale along with the current year results have been recorded in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations on the discontinued operations line. Prior periods have been accounted for on a consistent
basis. 

The Company produces
and sells premium, super-premium, and ultra-premium wines made generally from grapes purchased from California-based growers. In
addition, the Company purchases semi-finished bulk wine under contract and opportunistically on the spot market. On a more limited
basis, the Company also purchases finished goods from both foreign and domestic producers. The Company is headquartered in Sonoma
County, California with tasting rooms in the Dry Creek and Russian River valleys. The Company owns its tasting room and winery
in the Dry Creek Valley and leases the tasting room and winery located in the Russian River Valley. The wines include Pinot Noir,
Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc, Zinfandel, Petite Sirah, Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon and are sold across a number of price points
via two distinct distribution channels: three-tier and direct to consumer. The business model is a combination of direct to consumer
sales, traditional three-tier brand sales and retail exclusive brand sales. The Company owns, designs and develops its brands,
including those developed and sold on a retailer exclusive basis. The brands are differentiated and marketed through innovative
packaging and label designs. 

Wines in the three-tier
channel are sold to distributors with programs available to the broad market or to specific retailers on an exclusive basis. The
traditional three-tier distribution business consists of sales of VML, Healdsburg Ranches, Colby Red and Bradford Mountain branded
wines. Through the retail exclusive brand model, the Company works with retail partners to develop innovative brands which resonate
with their customers and are intended to increase store traffic and expand exclusive brand sales. The retail exclusive model allows
the Company to own the brands it creates, which the Company believes differentiates it from the traditional private label model,
and allows it the option of expanding the brands into national and international markets, thereby increasing sales and building
its brand equity.  The direct to consumer channel consists of sales of products produced by the Company through its tasting
rooms, wine clubs and its winery websites. 

Strategic Objectives   

There are three primary
categories into which the Company sells its wine: premium ($12 - $14 per bottle retail price), super-premium ($15 - $24 per bottle
retail price), and ultra-premium ($25 - $49 per bottle retail price). The Company believes it can benefit from growth at the premium
and above price points and continue to grow the business relying on its competitive strengths: its experienced and knowledgeable
team; its relationships with the world s top wine distributors and retailers; and its innovative approach to distribution
and brand development. The Company intends to continue growing by: 

Developing innovative retail exclusive products that meet the needs of wine retailers.  The
Company has a reputation for developing innovative retail exclusive brands and working with retailer partners on unique programs
to support sales of those products. With branding expertise, the Company intends to continue innovation and build its market share
with global wine retailers who are focused on increasing their profitability through retail exclusive offerings.   

Growing the customer base to include additional major U.S. retail chains.  The Company is
actively pursuing relationships with the largest retail chains in the United States.   

Expanding the direct to consumer business.  The wine clubs continue to grow due to growing
consumer awareness of the brands from targeted public relations, exciting wine club events and advertising. The direct to consumer
business generally generates higher gross margins and the Company intends to continue building this distribution channel in order
to further growth.   

Marketing to key international markets.  During FY14, the Company completed an agreement
with the Trialto Wine Group, LTD, based in Vancouver Canada, creating a national partnership to distribute the Truett-Hurst family
of brands throughout Canada. The Company also continues to review selective brand development and distribution opportunities in
other international markets.   

Developing new ways to engage customers and to distribute products.  The Company continues
to be discovery-oriented in its approach and is always looking for new innovations in and approaches to the global wine market.
The Company believes that traditional wine marketing, to some degree, has stymied creativity and believes the innovative branding
expertise allows the Company to rapidly capitalize on evolving customer demands.   

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Factors Affecting Operating Results

Net sales are affected
by advertising, discounts and promotions, merchandising, packaging and in the wholesale segment, the availability of display space
at retailers, all of which have a significant impact on consumers  buying decisions. Continued growth of net sales and profits
will depend, substantially, on the continued popularity of the Company s new and existing brands, its ability to effectively
manage sales channels, and its ability to maintain sufficient product supply to meet expected growth in demand. 

Cost of
sales for the wholesale and direct to consumer segments includes wine-related inputs, such as grapes and semi-finished bulk wine,
bottling materials, such as bottles, capsules, corks and labeling materials, labor and overhead expenses including inbound and
outbound freight, storage and barrel depreciation.   

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

The following table
compares the financial results by reporting segment: 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, net sales decreased $0.5 million (7.6%) and consolidated gross profit margin decreased from 33.8% to
31.1%. 

Wholesale net sales
decreased 12% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease for the three months was due to the mix of product sold
during the quarter. 

Direct to consumer
net sales increased 9.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The increase in direct to consumer net sales was primarily
due to continued efforts to grow the channel through wine club and tasting room sales, as well as special offers presented via
email to wine club members and others. 

International sales
were $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Sales discounts and
depletion allowances are recorded as a reduction of sales at the time of sale. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015, sales discounts and depletion allowances totaled $0.8 million and $1.1 million, respectively. 

Sales and Marketing   

Sales and marketing
expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, advertising and other costs for marketing and promoting the Company s products.
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and were $0.07 million and $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Sales and marketing
expenses consist of the following: 

Sales and marketing
expenses decreased 14.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period last fiscal year. The decrease
is largely due to a reduction in point of sale expenses and storage fees, offset by increases in freight and outside services. 

The amounts billed
to customers for shipping and handling are recorded as sales and reported as the costs are incurred for shipping and handling as
a sales and marketing expense. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 shipping costs were $0.2 million
and $0.3 million, respectively. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative
expenses include the costs associated with personnel, professional fees, insurance and other expenses related to administrative
and compliance functions. General and administrative expenses consist of the following: 

General and administrative
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased compared to the same period in FY16 both in terms of absolute dollars
and measured as a percentage of net sales. The decrease was largely due to decreases in personnel related costs and outside services
offset by increases in legal and consulting expenses. 

Interest Expense   

Interest and loan fee
amortization was $0.08 million for three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

General    

The primary sources
of available cash are from operations, bank borrowings and equity offerings. The Company s primary cash needs are to fund
working capital requirements (primarily inventory), capital expenditures for barrels and other equipment to facilitate production,
repay indebtedness (interest and principal payments) and for other operating expenses. The Company is able to borrow against working
capital assets (accounts receivable and inventory) via an asset based bank loan. 

The lines of credit,
which were refinanced on July 29, 2016, include (a) a revolving line of credit with a maximum commitment of $10.0 million which
accrues interest at 2.25% above the LIBOR, (b) a capital equipment line of credit with a maximum commitment of $0.5 million which
carries an interest rate of 2.25% above floating One-Month LIBOR, and (c) a foreign exchange facility with a maximum commitment
of $0.1 million which allows the Company to enter into any spot or forward transaction to purchase from or sell to the bank a foreign
currency. The Company did not use the foreign exchange facility during the first quarter of FY17. These lines of credit mature
on July 31, 2017. 

The outstanding balances on the lines of
credit are: 

Bank borrowings are
collateralized by substantially all of the Company s assets and are supported by guaranties from certain LLC members with
significant ownership positions. Availability on the revolving line of credit is subject to a monthly borrowing base and compliance
with certain covenants, including, without limitation, a minimum current assets to current liabilities ratio (measured quarterly),
and a debt to effective tangible net worth ratio (measured quarterly). When the lines of credit were renewed on July 29, 2016,
the previous minimum EBITDA covenant was replaced with a debt service coverage ratio (measured quarterly on a trailing twelve-month
basis). The Company was in compliance in all material aspects with the covenants at September 30, 2016. 

In July 2016, the capital equipment line
of credit from the prior fiscal year was converted to a term loan. The interest rate on the loan is 3.95% with a maturity date
of July 1, 2020 and monthly payments of $0.09 million. 

The
Company believes that its cash position, net cash provided by operating activities in coming periods, and the current lines of
credit will be adequate to finance working capital and operations needs for at least the next twelve months. The Company may, however,
require additional liquidity as it continues to execute its business strategy. The Company anticipates that to the extent that
it requires additional liquidity, it will be funded through the incurrence of indebtedness, additional equity financings or a combination
of these potential sources of liquidity, although no assurance can be given that such forms of capital will be available at all,
or if available, on terms acceptable to the Company.  

Cash Flows  

Operating Activities   

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $0.6 million which was an increase of $0.6 million compared
to the same period last fiscal year. The significant changes in cash flows provided by operating activities are attributable to
a net improvement in working capital investment with increases in accounts payable and other accrued expenses offset by increases
in inventory and accounts receivable. 

Investing Activities   

Cash used in investing
activities was flat year over year with no significant changes to investment in property and equipment or intangible assets. 

Financing Activities   

Financing activities,
which consisted entirely of net new borrowings from bank financing, used $0.06 million for the three months ended September 30,
2016. There was $0.3 million less drawn down on the Company s lines of credit as well as more payments made than borrowed
on notes payable to the bank. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments  

Financing Agreements  

The Company s indebtedness is comprised
primarily of bank loans including lines of credit and long term debt. 

Lines of Credit     

See discussion under  Liquidity and Capital
Resources  above. 

Long Term Debt   

Long term debt consists
of various notes payable to a bank secured by specific property and/or equipment. The total outstanding principal balance on all
the notes as of September 30, 2016 was $3.4 million. The interest rates and maturity dates of the notes are described in Note 4
-  Borrowings  of the condensed consolidated financial statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Concentration of Credit Risk and Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements  

The Company s
cash is held in highly rated credit institutions. Although the Company tries to limit the amount of credit exposure with any one
financial institution, the Company does in the normal course of business, maintain cash balances in excess of federally insured
limits. 

Accounts receivable
consists primarily of trade receivables from customers. The Company reviews accounts receivable regularly and makes estimates for
an allowance when there is doubt as to the collectability of individual balances. The Company s accounts receivable credit
risk is not concentrated within any one geographic area. The Company has national distribution agreements with multi-state distributors
and these distributors make up a significant amount of the accounts receivable; however, the Company believes the accounts receivable
credit risk is limited. The Company has not experienced any material charge offs. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

The Company does not
have off-balance sheet risks related to foreign exchange contracts, option contracts or other foreign hedging arrangements. 

The Company enters
into short and long term contracts with third-parties and related party growers to supply a portion of its future grape and bulk
wine inventory requirements. The grape commitments for the FY17 were received during the first quarter. The Company did not extend
a large contract for the purchase of bulk wine to future years. Future minimum grape and bulk wine inventory purchase commitments
are as follows: 

At September 30, 2016, total future purchase
commitments for finished goods total approximately $1.8 million and are expected to be fulfilled during fiscal 2018. 

Production   Storage   

The Company enters
into various contracts with third-party service providers for grape crushing, wine storage and bottling. The costs are recorded
in the period for which the service is provided. The actual costs related to custom crush services are based on volume. The Company s
current contracts for custom crush services cover the 2016 harvest. The current bottling contract requires a minimum of 200,000
cases at $2.40 per case to be bottled in a one year period. During FY16, the Company transferred approximately 82% of its bulk
wine inventory to a storage location owned by a related party. The terms of the storage agreement are on the same basis as similar
non-related party agreements. 

Leases    

During the first quarter
of FY17, the Company modified a tasting room and winery production facility lease agreement as described in Part II, Item 1. Legal
Proceedings. The future lease commitments as presented below give effect to the modified lease terms. 

The Company has two
lease agreements for administrative office space. Both are three leases with an end date of October 31, 2019. One of these leases
contains three one-year renewal options with adjustment to market rates. 

Lease payments for
these facilities were $0.08 million and $0.1 million for three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Future lease commitments
are: 

The Company settled
outstanding litigation related to the lease of one of its tasting rooms and a winery production facility, in exchange for payment
of $1.0 million to LLC, quitclaimed certain rights, and modified its lease such that the Company will vacate the tasting room portion
of the property no later than December 31, 2016, and the balance of the space no later than May 31, 2017. The Company received
a payment of $0.7 million during the first quarter of FY17. The balance of $0.3 million is held in an escrow account with payments
due on December 31, 2016 with the vacancy of the tasting room and on May 31, 2017 with the vacancy of the winery production facility.
The $0.3 million receivable is recorded in accounts receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The entire $1.0 million
was recorded as a gain in other income on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The gain was offset by a reserve
for abandoned assets in the amount of $0.1 million. The $0.1 million represents the book value of assets that will be left at the
property when the Company vacates on December 31, 2016. 

Effects of Inflation and Changing Prices  

The results of operations
and financial condition have not been materially affected by inflation and changing prices; however, as agricultural commodities,
grape and bulk wine prices experience certain levels of variability. The Company intends to pass along rising costs through increased
selling prices, subject to normal competitive conditions. There can be no assurances, however, that the Company will be able to
pass along rising costs through increased selling prices effectively. In addition, the Company continues to identify on-going cost
savings initiatives. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

There
have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates previously disclosed in the Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

Accounting Pronouncements  

See Note 1 of the condensed
consolidated financial statements of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the summary of accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Truett Hurst is a smaller
reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this
Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management's Report on Internal Controls
over Financial Reporting  

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, our management has evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based upon that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
and provide reasonable assurance, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and were effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate, to
allow timely discussions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes to Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no
changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Controls  

A control system, no
matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance due to its inherent limitations: it is a process that
involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human or other failures.
A control system also can be circumvented in various ways, including, without limitation, by collusion or improper management override.
Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of such limitations, disclosure controls and internal control over financial
reporting cannot prevent or detect all misstatements, including, without limitation, unintentional errors or fraud. Because these
inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process, it is possible to design and implement process safeguards
to reduce such risk, however, such risk cannot be completely eliminated. As such, management, including the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls or internal controls over financial reporting
will prevent or detect all misstatements, including without limitation, unintentional errors and fraud. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The Company may be
subject to various litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business from time to time.  Other than the matters
discussed below, the Company is not aware of any current pending legal matters or claims, individually or in the aggregate, that
are expected to have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

On January 29, 2016, Mendocino Wine Group
( MWG ) filed a complaint against Phil Hurst ( Hurst ) and H.D.D., LLC (the  LLC ). The complaint
alleges that, prior to January 2012, Hurst and LLC aided and abetted Paul Dolan in his alleged breach of fiduciary duties to MWG
and that they interfered with Dolan's contract with Thornhill Management Company (the manager of MWG), and aided and abetted Dolan's
interference with MWG's economic advantage. The LLC denies the claims, denies all wrongdoing, and denies that they caused any harm
to MWG. A trial date has been set for January 27, 2017. No amount has been recorded in the condensed consolidated financial statements
related to this suit. 

The Company settled
outstanding litigation related to the lease of one of its tasting rooms and a winery production facility, in exchange for payment
of $1.0 million to the LLC, quitclaimed certain rights, and modified its lease such that the Company will vacate the tasting room
portion of the property no later than December 31, 2016, and the balance of the space no later than May 31, 2017. The Company received
a payment of $0.7 million during the first quarter of FY17. The balance of $0.3 million is held in an escrow account with payments
due on December 31, 2016 with the vacancy of the tasting room and on May 31, 2017 with the vacancy of the winery production facility.
The $0.3 million receivable is recorded in accounts receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The entire $1.0 million
was recorded as a gain in other income on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The gain was offset by a reserve
for abandoned assets in the amount of $0.1 million. The $0.1 million represents the book value of assets that will be left at the
property when the Company vacates on December 31, 2016. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   

There have been no
material changes in information regarding our risk factors as described in Item 1A of our Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on September
28, 2016. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS   

None 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

Not Applicable 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not Applicable 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION   

Not Applicable 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 

31.1  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2  
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1  
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2  
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101.INS 
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH 
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL 
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF 
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB 
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE 
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized,
in the City of Healdsburg, State of California, on the 14th day of November, 2016. 

TRUETT-HURST,
    INC.  

/s/
    Phillip L. Hurst  
         
      November
    14, 2016    
 
      Phillip L. Hurst  

President and Chief
    Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive
    Officer)  

/s/
    Evan  B. Meyer  
         
      November
    14, 2016    
 
      Evan B. Meyer  

Chief Financial
    Officer  

(Principal Financial/Accounting
    Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452083_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION  

I, Phillip L. Hurst, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Truett-Hurst,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2016  

/s/ Phillip L. Hurst     

Phillip L. Hurst   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452083_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION  

I, Evan Meyer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Truett-Hurst,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452083_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Truett-Hurst, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Phillip L. Hurst, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that
to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)     The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)     The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company at the
dates and for the periods indicated.  

This certification
has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: November 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Phillip L. Hurst  

Name: Phillip L. Hurst  

Title: President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452083_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Truett-Hurst, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Paul Forgue, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operations
Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the
United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)     The Report fully complies
with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)     The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company at the
dates and for the periods indicated.  

This certification
has not been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: November 14, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Evan Meyer  

Name: Evan Meyer  

Title: Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 thst-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 thst-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 thst-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 thst-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 thst-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 thst-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

