<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1612253_0001144204-16-133016_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3200999</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96717</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>212126</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>792310</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1348836</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>687765</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>50</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133016.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110100127
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARIPOSA HEALTH, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001612253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				471201309
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55239
		FILM NUMBER:		161986339

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888 PROSPECT AVENUE
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8585282677

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888 PROSPECT AVENUE
		CITY:			LA JOLLA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92037

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ANDES 2 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140630

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133016.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v451976_10q.htm
 10-Q

U. S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM  _________ TO ___________   

Commission File Number: 000-51443 

MARIPOSA HEALTH, INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       47-1201309    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  
     
         (I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification No.)   

888 Prospect
Avenue  

  La Jolla, California
92037  

 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(858) 528 2677   

 (registrant s telephone number) 

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes         No     

Indicate by checkmark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of regulation S-T (paragraph 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      Yes
      No     

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerate
filer      
      Accelerated
filer       

Non-accelerated filer     
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes       No     

As of November 10, 2016 there
were 10,399,688 shares of the issuer s common stock, $0.0001 par value, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Financial Statements  

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and June 30, 2016   
      F-1   

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      F-2   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      F-3   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      F-4   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      1   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      10   

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   
      10   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings   
      11   

Item 1A. Risk Factors   
      11   

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      11   

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      11   

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   
      12   

Item 5.  Other Information   
      12   

Item 6.  Exhibits   
      13   

Signatures   
      14   

- i - 

MARIPOSA HEALTH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

IN US$  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

MARIPOSA HEALTH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

  (UNAUDITED)  

IN US$  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

MARIPOSA HEALTH, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (UNAUDITED)  

IN US$  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements                 

MARIPOSA HEALTH, INC. AND SUBISIDIARIES  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015  

Note
1   Basis of Presentation and SUMMARY OF Significant Accounting Policies 

Description
of BUSINESS  

Mariposa Health,
Inc. ( Mariposa US  or the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on June
23, 2014 with the intention to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or other business
combination with a domestic or foreign business. On December 8, 2014, our sole officer and director, Richard Chiang, entered into
a Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which he sold 10,000,000 shares of our common stock that he owned to Expert Capital Investments
Limited for an aggregate purchase price of $40,000. These shares represented 100% of our issued and outstanding common stock. Effective
upon the closing date of the Share Purchase Agreement, Expert Capital Investments Limited became our sole stockholder. On March
5, 2015, we filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation under which we changed our name to Mariposa Health, Inc.
and effected a 1:5 reverse split to reduce our outstanding shares of common stock from 10,000,000 shares to 2,000,000 shares and
to authorize a classified Board of Directors. Under a classified Board of Directors, directors serve staggered, three-year terms.
Approximately one-third of our board of directors will be elected each year. 

On June 17, 2015,
Mariposa US entered into the Purchase Agreement with Mariposa Health Pty Limited ( Mariposa Australia ). Pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement, at closing, stockholders of Mariposa Australia received one share of Mariposa US s common stock for
each issued and outstanding share of Mariposa Australia s common stock. As a result, at closing Mariposa US issued 7,561,211
shares of its common stock to the stockholders of Mariposa Australia and reserved 438,789 additional shares of its common stock
or a total of 8,000,000 shares of its common stock should holders of warrants issued by Mariposa Australia to certain lenders exercise
their rights to acquire up to 438,789 shares of Mariposa US shares of common stock, representing 80% of Mariposa US s outstanding
common stock or 10,000,000 shares of common stock on a fully diluted basis following the Purchase. 

Immediately following
the execution of the Purchase Agreement the Company appointed Dr. Phillip E. Comans, Kevin M. Lynn and Margaret Bridges as directors,
effective at the effective time of the Purchase. 

Upon closing of
the transaction, under the Purchase Agreement, Mariposa Australia became the surviving corporation, and wholly-owned subsidiary
of Mariposa US. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger, and the historical financial information is that of Mariposa
Australia. 

Mariposa Australia
is an Australian pharmaceutical R D company with two projects in Phase II clinical development to treat COPD and asthma and
TA-270 an oral anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant drug, and HI-1640V, a product to address chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
( COPD ), including bronchitis and emphysema. 

On June 7, 2015
Mariposa Australia entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the  License Agreement ) with Shanxi Kangbao Biological
Product Co., Ltd. ( Shanxi ) under which the Company granted to Shanxi an exclusive license to manufacture, trial, produce,
make, use, distribute, offer for sell, import and export, market, sell, hire out, lease, supply, or otherwise dispose of the oral
vaccine HI-164/HI-164OV product in China, Taiwan, Macao and Hong Kong in return for which Shanxi is to pay Mariposa Health the
following (i) milestone payments of up to AUD$8,291,819 (USD$6,440,498), and (ii) potentially significant royalties based upon
net sales of our oral vaccine HI-164/HI-164OV product in China, Taiwan, Macao and Hong Kong. 

On May 5, 2016
the Company signed a Letter of Intent with the Ohio Clinical Trials Collaborative of Case Western Reserve University to pursue
entering an Agreement for the provision of services and clinical trial related to HI-164OV, an oral vaccine targeting a reduction
of exacerbations in COPD patients. 

Our strategy is
to expedite clinical development, regulatory approval, and commercialization of our COPD product candidates. Phase II clinical
data was generated for the oral vaccine to non-typeable H. Influenzae, HI-164OV and an oral treatment (tablet dose form), TA-270,
We plan to begin a Phase II trials for HI-164OV and TA-270 at the earliest time depending on the time of obtaining sufficient funding.
We plan to assess new dose forms, in particular of TA-270, with the intent to optimize the product and patent offerings. Trials
and product development may be conducted in the United States, the European Union ( EU ) or Australia depending on clinical
and regulatory conditions, and our capacity to engage personnel and contractors. We believe data from these trials and research
activities, if positive, may lead to U.S., EU or Australian regulatory approval for the treatment of COPD after completing Phase
III trials. If successful in Phase II clinical trials, we plan to partner TA-270 and HI-164OV product candidates with a large pharmaceutical
company or biotechnology company to undertake Phase III clinical trials and to gain regulatory approvals in the United States and
elsewhere. Alternatively, if funding is available on suitable terms the commercial strategy could involve our undertaking Phase
III clinical trials before partnering. The Company expects that data from clinical trials, whether conducted in the United States,
EU or Australia, will form part of the regulatory package for each of these territories. 

The Company s
operational model is to minimize overhead costs by having a small product development staff to manage third parties in the development
process. To reduce financial risk and financing requirements, the Company is directing their resources to the preclinical and early
clinical phases of development. The Company plans to co-develop with or to license to marketing partners our therapeutic product
candidates where the size of the necessary clinical studies and the cost associated with the later clinical development phases
are significant. By forming strategic alliances with pharmaceutical and/or biotech companies, the Company believes that their technology
can be more rapidly developed and successfully introduced into the marketplace. 

The Company believes
there is a significant opportunity for an existing pharmaceutical company that is already supplying drugs to address COPD to add
additional treatment therapies or to complement their existing drugs by adding their products to their range of products to be
able to validate the compound through Phase II trials. 

Patents
and Trademarks  

Note
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT POLICIES 

The accompanying
unaudited consolidated financial statements of Mariposa Health, Inc. and its subsidiaries have been prepared without audit pursuant
to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission requirements for interim financial statements. Therefore,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
for complete financial statements. The financial statements should be read in conjunction with the annual financial statements
for the period ended June 30, 2015 of Mariposa Health, Inc. 

The interim financial
statements present the consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations and cash flows Mariposa Health, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

The interim financial
information is unaudited. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial position as of
September 30, 2016 and the results of operations and cash flows presented herein have been included in the financial statements.
All such adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results of operations
for the full year. 

Principles
of Consolidation   

The Company presents
its consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Mariposa Australia. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated
upon consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation
of the accompanying consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires Management of the Company to make estimates
and assumptions about future events. These estimates and the underlying assumptions affect the amount of assets and liabilities
reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses. The estimates that
are particularly significant to the financial statements include estimates of the Company s future cash flows in relation
to impairment of long-lived assets, amortization of patents and trademarks, foreign currency valuation, and fair values of assets
and liabilities. As fair value is a market-based measurement, it is determined based on the assumptions that market participants
would use. These estimates and assumptions are based on Management s best estimates and judgment. Management evaluates its
estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment,
which Management believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. Such estimates and assumptions are adjusted when facts and
circumstances dictate. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Foreign Currency
Translation and Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

The Company s
functional currency is the Australian dollar and its reporting currency is the United States dollar. Transactions denominated in
the functional currency are converted into United States dollars using the current rate method as noted under Accounting Standard
Codification ( ASC ) 830. Under this standard all assets and liabilities are re-valued into the reporting currency
at each balance sheet date using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date, with any resulting exchange gains or losses
being credited or charged to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). All revenues, expenses, gains and losses are converted
from the functional currency to the reporting currency using weighted-average exchange rates for the periods presented. The foreign
currency exchange gain or loss translation is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations. 

The resulting
translation adjustments are reported under accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of stockholders  deficit. 

Revenue Recognition  

Revenue will be
recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectability
is probable. Revenue generally is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers and subsequently
remitted to governmental authorities. Revenue will also be recognized in accordance with terms of any agreement entered into by
the Company including license agreements. 

Cost of Sales  

Cost of sales
will consist primarily of inventory costs, as well as warehousing costs (including the cost of warehouse labor), third party royalties
and research, design and development costs. 

Cash and Cash
Equivalents  

For purposes of
the consolidated statements of cash flows, the Company considers all highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities
of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Intangible
Assets  

The Company evaluates
long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset group may
not be recoverable. The Company assesses the fair value of the assets based on the amount of the undiscounted future cash flow
that the assets are expected to generate and recognizes an impairment loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flow expected
to result from the use of the asset, plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying
value of the asset. When an impairment is identified, the Company reduces the carrying value of the group of assets to comparable
market values, when available and appropriate, or to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow approach, with the
corresponding impairment loss reflected in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Intangible assets,
such as purchased technology, are generally recorded in connection with a business or an asset acquisition. The value assigned
to intangible assets is usually based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations for the success and life cycle of products
and technology acquired. The Company evaluates the useful lives of its intangible assets each reporting period to determine whether
events and circumstances require revising the remaining period of amortization. In addition, the Company reviews intangible assets
for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable. Management considers
such indicators as significant differences in actual product acceptance from the estimates, changes in the competitive and economic
environment, technological advances, and changes in cost structure. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company performed
an impairment analysis on the carrying value of its intangible assets and determined that there was no impairment. 

Indefinite-lived
assets are not amortized, but are reviewed for impairment annually at the end of each fiscal year and whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Purchased technology and other intangible
assets, such as patents, are presented at cost, net of accumulated amortization, and are amortized over their estimated useful
lives of 1 to 15 years using the straight-line method. 

Patents and trademarks
are recognized at cost of acquisition only when it is probable that the products they relate to will generate future economic benefits,
and the cost of the patent can be reassured reliably. Patents and trademarks that are recognized at cost, have a finite life and
are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization and any impairment losses. Patents and trademarks are amortized over their
useful life. 

In-Process
Research and Development  

In-process research
and development ( IPR D) represents the fair value assigned to incomplete research projects that the Company acquires
through business combinations or developed internally which, at that time, have not reached technological feasibility. Intangible
assets associated with IPR D projects are not amortized until approval is obtained in the United States, subject to certain
specified conditions and management judgment. The useful life of an amortizing asset generally is determined by identifying the
period in which substantially all of the cash flows are expected to be generated. Management reviews such assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. As of June 30,
2016, in the Company s annual impairment test, in evaluating the existing IPR D, Management determined that none of the
IPR D was impaired. 

Research and
Development  

Research expenditures
are recognized as an expense as those costs are incurred. Costs incurred on development projects (relating to the design and testing
of new or improved products) are recognized as an expense as those costs are incurred, up through the date that the project will
achieve technological feasibility, be completed and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be measured reliably. At
that time, the costs will be capitalized and reflected as an intangible asset. 

Fair Value
of Financial Instruments  

For certain types
of the Company s financial instruments, including cash and equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable,
accrued liabilities and short-term debt, the carrying amounts approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC
Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments
held by the Company. ASC Topic 825,  Financial Instruments,  defines fair value, and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying
amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments
and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as
follows: 

Level 1 inputs
to the valuation methodology are quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 inputs
to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable
for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 

Level 3 inputs
to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 

The Company analyzes
all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, 
and ASC 815. 

The following
table presents assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

The availability
of observable market data is monitored to assess the appropriate classification of financial instruments within the fair value
hierarchy. Changes in economic conditions or model-based valuation techniques may require the transfer of financial instruments
from one fair value level to another. In such instances, the transfer is reported at the beginning of the reporting period. The
Company evaluated the significance of transfers between levels based upon the nature of the financial instrument and size of the
transfer relative to total net assets available for benefits. There were no transfers between Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 for
the periods ended September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

Income Taxes  

Current income
tax expense is the amount of income taxes expected to be payable for the current year. A deferred income tax liability or asset
is established for the expected future tax consequences resulting from the differences in financial reporting and tax bases of
assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is provided if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets
will not be realized. In addition to valuation allowances, the Company provides for uncertain tax positions when such tax positions
do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement standards prescribed by the authoritative guidance on income taxes. Amounts
for uncertain tax positions are adjusted in periods when new information becomes available or when positions are effectively settled.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. 

The Company follows
ASC 740-10,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes . This requires recognition and measurement of uncertain income
tax positions using a  more-likely-than-not  approach. Management evaluates tax positions on an annual basis. 

The Company files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal tax jurisdiction and various state tax jurisdictions. The federal and state income tax returns
of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS and state taxing authorities, generally for three years after they were filed. 

Earnings Per
Share (EPS)  

Basic EPS is computed
by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
period. Diluted EPS is computed similar to Basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional
common shares that would have been outstanding if all the potential common shares in conversion of notes payable, warrants and
stock options had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. When the Company has a loss, Diluted EPS is not
allowed as the EPS is considered anti-dilutive. 

The following
table sets for the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The effect of
the shares and warrant conversions related to the long-term debt (Note 7) has not been taken into consideration as it would be
considered anti-dilutive as the Company had a net loss. The Company has reserved 438,789 additional shares of its common stock
or a total of 8,000,000 shares of its common stock should holders of warrants issued by Mariposa Australia. In addition, the Company
has also issued 320,000 warrants in connection with the promissory note (which have been exercised in October 2015). 

Concentration
of Credit Risk  

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk are cash and other receivables arising from its normal business
activities. The Company places its cash in what it believes to be credit-worthy financial institutions. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on its cash. 

Contingencies  

Certain conditions
may exist as of the date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which
will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company s management and legal counsel assess
such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal
proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company s
legal counsel evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the
amount of relief sought or expected to be sought. 

If the assessment
of a contingency indicates it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated,
then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of
the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material would be disclosed.
Loss contingencies considered to be remote by management are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case
the guarantee would be disclosed. 

There are no such
contingencies noted as of September 30, 2016. 

Segment Reporting  

Management treats
the operation of the Company as one segment being pharmaceutical research and development activities in Australia and Japan. 

Reclassifications  

Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified
to conform to the current year presentation. The reclassifications had no effect on the net loss or cash flows of the Company. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) . The amendments in
ASU No. 2016-09 were issued as part of the FASB's simplification initiative focused on improving areas of GAAP for which cost and
complexity may be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of information disclosed within the financial statements.
The amendments focused on simplification specifically with regard to share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences,
classification of awards as equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance in ASU No. 2016-09
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company will evaluate the effect of ASU 2016-09 for future periods as applicable. 

During February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842). The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating
leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification
will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term
of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater
than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing
guidance for operating leases. The new guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within that reporting period and is applied retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently in the process of assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

During August 2014, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern.  The provisions of ASU No. 2014-15 require
management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles
that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt,
(2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating
effect of management s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and
(6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be
issued). The amendments in this ASU are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods
and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

During June 2014, the FASB issued an Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-10,  Development Stage Entities (Topic 915) - Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements,
Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation ( ASU 2014-10 ) . The
objective of ASU 2014-10 is to improve financial reporting by reducing the cost and complexity associated with the incremental
reporting requirements for development stage entities. ASU 2014-10 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2014, and interim periods therein. The Company has elected early implementation, as permitted by the standard, for the year
ended June 30, 2015. All development stage language disclosures and amounts have been removed as a result of the adoption of ASU
2014-10. 

There were other updates recently issued,
most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not
expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note
3   GOING CONCERN 

The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which assumes the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had a net
loss of $256,701 and $338,708 and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of $1,150 and ($200,878). As of September
30, 2016, the Company had $137 of cash. 

The Company continues to enact measures
to address liquidity, working capital and operating concerns including issuance of capital stock for cash, and repayment of loans,
fees and expenses as well as executing new debt financing arrangements, as further described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial
statements. 

The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is therefore dependent on the continued forbearance of its creditors and the ability of the Directors to raise
additional capital. The Company is confident that creditors will continue to provide extended credit and that they will be able
to successfully complete further capital raising initiatives. Accordingly, the continuation of the Company as a going concern is
dependent upon the ability of the Company to be able to obtain the continued forbearance of its creditors and its capital raising
initiatives. 

The consolidated financial statements do
not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amount of or classification
of liabilities that might be necessary as a result of this uncertainty. 

NOTE 4   INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND IN-PROGRESS RESEARCH
AND DEVELOPMENT  

The Company s methodology for allocating
the purchase price relating to purchase acquisitions is determined through established and generally accepted valuation techniques. 

The process of evaluating the potential
impairment of intangible assets and in-progress research and development requires significant judgment, especially in emerging
markets. The Company regularly monitors current business conditions and other factors including, but not limited to, adverse industry
or economic trends, restructuring actions and lower projections of profitability that may impact future operating results. 

A summary of the Company s technology
and intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015 is set forth below: 

The Company amortizes
its statutory-based intangible assets with finite lives using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the
assets, ranging from 1 to 15 years. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, amortization expense was $7,894 and
$7,571 respectively. Concurrent with the acquisition of Mariposa Australia, the remaining asset value of TA-270 of $278,383 will
be amortized over a period of 9 years, the remaining expected useful life of those assets. 

As of September
30, 2016, future estimated amortization expense is expected to be as follows: 

NOTE 5   ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES  

As of September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, accounts payable and accrued expenses are comprised of the following: 

NOTE 6  
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Shareholder
Loan  

The amount of
the shareholder loans on September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was AUD $20,000 (USD $15,269) and AUD $20,000 (USD $14,882). No interest
has been accrued on the shareholder loan. 

Directors Fees
and Salaries  

At September 30,
2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company had accrued Directors' fees and salaries in the following amounts: 

These amounts
are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and
June 30, 2016. 

NOTE 7  
LONG-TERM DEBT  

Convertible
Notes  

PT Soho
Industri Pharmasi    

Mariposa Australia
entered into a Convertible Note Deed (the  Convertible Note ) dated September 29, 2010 with PT Soho Industri Pharmaci
in the principal amount of AUD $750,000 that bears interest at 6% per annum and had a maturity date of September 28, 2013 that
was amended and replaced by an Unsecured Loan Deed dated May 6, 2015. Soho agreed to amend and replace the Convertible Note. The
note holder has converted 60% of the debt to equity in Mariposa US at the time of the Purchase and, assuming a minimum listing
price, has agreed to convert the balance AUD $368,204 (USD $281,796) to equity in Mariposa US upon Mariposa Australia listing on
a recognized exchange. The Unsecured Loan Deed may be converted into 438,789 of common shares of the Company upon the Company s
ability to list on a recognized US stock exchange. The total accrued interest on the Convertible Note as of September 30, 2016
and June 30, 2016 was $48,687 and $38,826, respectively. These amounts are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. The
Unsecured Loan Deed has interest at 12.5% per annum and a maturity date of May 12, 2018 and is included in long-term liabilities. 

The conversion
feature of the convertible note is not viewed separately from the debt. Therefore, no value is assigned to the conversion feature. 

Lyndcote Holding
Pty Ltd  

The Company on
January 28, 2015 issued a convertible note in the amount of AUD $100,000 (USD $76,570) with interest at 15% per annum and a maturity
date of June 30, 2018 and this amount is included in long-term liabilities. The total accrued interest on the Convertible Note
as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was $19,138 and $15,840, respectively. These amounts are included in accounts payable
and accrued expenses. 

As of September
30, 2016 and the date of this report the convertible note is outstanding and has not been converted. 

This note is convertible
into shares of common stock in accordance with the executed agreement. The lender is to receive 70,319 shares of common stock which
is 0.93% of the total shares issued to the Mariposa Australia shareholders in the reverse merger with the Company. 

Promissory
Note  

The Company on
June 17, 2015 issued a Promissory Note in the amount of up to $500,000 with interest at 10% per annum and a maturity date of October
15, 2015. The proceeds drawn down were used for general working capital. The note is senior to our other debt obligations. All
outstanding principal and interest was due on the maturity date, which was 120 days from the closing date of the term loan. The
Company is currently negotiating with the lender to extend the maturity date but there is no assurance that it will be successful
in doing so in which case it would be subject to the default remedies of the lender under the terms of the note that if they were
unable to satisfy could force the Company to seek protection under the U.S. bankruptcy laws. The total accrued interest on the
Promissory Note as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was $70,000 and $56,767, respectively. These amounts are included in
accounts payable and accrued expenses. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had drawn down $400,000 and repaid $50,000 of the principal
owed to the lender. The balance of $350,000 is included as a current liability. The Company is accruing interest at the default
interest rate of 15% per annum. On June 1, 2016, the Company received a Notice of Default from the lender. The Company has had
continued negotiations with the lender on an extension of the maturity date for this note. As of September 30, 2016 and the date
of the report, no agreement has occurred. 

The Company issued
320,000, five-year warrants with an exercise price of $0.001 in accordance with the Promissory Note. As a result of the issuance
of warrants, the Company recognized a debt discount in the amount of $33,440 to be recognized over the four months of the term
of the debt. Amortization of the discount for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and June 30 was $0 and $23,063. The lender
was issued 320,000 shares of the Company's common stock on October 20, 2015, as a result of the exercise of the warrants under
the terms of the Warrant. 

At September 30,
2016, the Company has $350,000 included as current liabilities and $357,304 as long-term liabilities. 

NOTE 8  
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)  

Preferred Stock  

The Company has
authorized preferred stock of 5,000,000 shares with a par value of $0.0001. No shares of preferred stock have been issued to date. 

Common Stock  

The Company has
100,000,000 shares of authorized common stock with a par value of $0.0001. 

The Company has
issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock to its founder on June 23, 2014 at par value of $200. On June 17, 2015, as described herein,
the Company issued 7,561,211 shares of common stock to acquire Mariposa Australia. On October 20, 2015, the lender of the Promissory
Note, PTS, Inc., was issued 320,000 shares of the Company's common stock as a result of the exercise of the warrants under the
terms of the Warrant. On May 20, 2016, the Company issued 518,477 shares to Maxim Partners, LLC for the provision of general financial
advisory and investment banking services as stated in Maxim Advisory Agreement valued at $622,172. Additionally, another 438,789
shares of common stock have been reserved to account for exercises of warrants held by Mariposa Australia into sharers of the Company s
common stock and 70,319 for the conversion of notes payable. 

As of September
30, 2016, the Company has 10,399,688 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Warrants  

The Company on
June 17, 2015 and on July 27, 2015 issued 240,000 and 80,000 warrants, respectively, in accordance with the Promissory Note discussed
in Note 5. Each warrant gives the note holder the right to buy one common share at $0.001 before the expiration date of June 17,
2020. The value of the warrants is calculated under the Black-Scholes method, and will be amortized over the period between the
issuance date and the expiration date. The amount of the promissory note is presented net of the value of the warrants. 

On October 20,
2015, the 320,000 warrants issued with the Promissory Note was exercised by the lender under the terms of the Warrant. 

The relative fair
value of the 320,000 warrants of $33,440 was calculated under the Black-Scholes method using the following assumptions: 

Strike
price - $0.001 

 Market
Price - $0.1149 

 Volatility
- 100% 

 5
Year US Treasury Bond Rate - 1.84% 

Amortization of
the debt discount for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0 and $23,063. 

NOTE
9   EMPLOYEE STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN  

History

On
April 27, 2015, the Board of Directors and stockholders approved the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) under which
employees, officers, directors and consultants are eligible to receive grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights ( SAR ),
restricted or unrestricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance awards, other stock-based awards, or any combination
of the foregoing. The Plan authorizes up to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock for stock-based awards.  

Administration  

The
2015 Plan is administered by the Board of Directors or the committee or committees as may be appointed by the Board of Directors
from time to time (the  Administrator ). The Administrator determines the persons who are to receive awards, the types
of awards to be granted, the number of shares subject to each such award and the terms and conditions of such awards. The Administrator
also has the authority to interpret the provisions of the 2015 Plan and of any awards granted there under and to modify awards
granted under the 2015 Plan. The Administrator may not, however, reduce the price of options or stock appreciation rights issued
under the 2015 Plan without prior approval of the Company's shareholders.  

Eligibility  

The
2015 Plan provides that awards may be granted to employees, officers, directors and consultants of Mariposa US or of any parent,
subsidiary or other affiliate of the Company as the Administrator may determine. A person may be granted more than one award under
the 2015 Plan.  

Shares
that are subject to issuance upon exercise of an option under the 2015 Plan but cease to be subject to such option for any reason
(other than exercise of such option), and shares that are subject to an award granted under the 2015 Plan but are forfeited or
repurchased by the Company at the original issue price, or that are subject to an award that terminates without shares being issued,
will again be available for grant and issuance under the 2015 Plan.  

Terms
of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. The Administrator determines many of the terms and conditions of each option and SAR
granted under the 2015 Plan, including whether the option is to be an incentive stock option or a non-qualified stock option, whether
the SAR is a related SAR or a freestanding SAR, the number of shares subject to each option or SAR, and the exercise price of the
option and the periods during which the option or SAR may be exercised. Each option and SAR is evidenced by a grant agreement in
such form as the Administrator approves and is subject to the following conditions (as described in further detail in the 2015
Plan):  

(a)
Vesting and Exercisability: Options, restricted shares and SARs become vested and exercisable, as applicable, within such periods,
or upon such events, as determined by the Administrator in its discretion and as set forth in the related grant agreement. The
term of each option is also set by the Administrator. However, a related SAR will be exercisable at the time or times, and only
to the extent, that the option is exercisable and will not be transferable except to the extent that the option is transferable.
A freestanding SAR will be exercisable as determined by the Administrator but in no event after 10 years from the date of grant.  

(b)
Exercise Price: Each grant agreement states the related option exercise price, which, in the case of SARs, may not be less than
100% of the fair market value of the Company's shares of common stock on the date of the grant. The exercise price of an incentive
stock option granted to a 10% stockholder may not be less than 110% of the fair market value of shares of the Company's common
stock on the date of grant.  

(c)
Method of Exercise: The option exercise price is typically payable in cash, common stock or a combination of cash of common stock,
as determined by the Administrator, but may also be payable, at the discretion of the Administrator, in a number of other forms
of consideration.  

(d)
Recapitalization; Change of Control: The number of shares subject to any award, and the number of shares issuable under the 2015
Plan, are subject to proportionate adjustment in the event of a stock dividend, spin-off, split-up, recapitalization, merger, consolidation,
business combination or exchange of shares and the like. Except as otherwise provided in any written agreement between the participant
and the Company in effect when a change in control occurs, in the event an acquiring company does not assume plan awards (i) all
outstanding options and SARs shall become fully vested and exercisable; (ii) for performance-based awards, all performance goals
or performance criteria shall be deemed achieved at target levels and all other terms and conditions met, with award payout prorated
for the portion of the performance period completed as of the change in control and payment to occur within 45 days of the change
in control; (iii) all restrictions and conditional applicable to any restricted stock award shall lapse; (iv) all restrictions
and conditions applicable to any restricted stock units shall lapse and payment shall be made within 45 days of the change in control;
and (v) all other awards shall be delivered or paid within 45 days of the change in control.   

(e)
Other Provisions: The option grant and exercise agreements authorized under the 2015 Plan, which may be different for each option,
may contain such other provisions as the Administrator deems advisable, including without limitation, (i) restrictions upon the
exercise of the option and (ii) a right of repurchase in favor of the Company to repurchase unvested shares held by an optionee
upon termination of the optionee's employment at the original purchase price.  

Amendment
and Termination of the 2015 Plan  

The
Administrator, to the extent permitted by law, and with respect to any shares at the time not subject to awards, may suspend or
discontinue the 2015 Plan or amend the 2015 Plan in any respect; provided that the Administrator may not, without approval of the
stockholders, amend the 2015 Plan in a manner that requires stockholder approval.  

There
have been no options issued under this plan to date.  

NOTE
10   COMMITMENTS 

The Company has
entered into employment agreements on June 15, 2015 (effective for the 2016 fiscal year), with its key executives for a period
of five years. The expected base salary for these key executives is $500,000, annually. There are opportunities for the executives
to earn bonus pay and equity pay when approved by the Board of Directors. There are no bonus or equity pay accrued for in the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as there has been no approval for this at this time. 

The Company has
complied with the terms of its license agreements to date and has no financial commitments. 

NOTE 11   INCOME TAX  

Deferred income taxes are determined using
the liability method for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of the Company s
assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are measured based on the tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences
are included in the Company s tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on anticipated future
tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. 

As of September 30, 2016, there is no provision
for income taxes, current or deferred. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
a net operating loss carry forward in the amount of approximately $1,982,909 available to offset future taxable income through
2036. The Company established valuation allowances equal to the full amount of the deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of
the utilization of the operating losses in future periods. 

A reconciliation of the Company s
effective tax rate as a percentage of income before taxes and federal statutory rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016
is summarized below: 

The Australian operations will be part
of an Australian tax return the Company will file. The Company does not plan to file a consolidated tax return that includes its
Australian subsidiary. 

NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through November
10, 2016. The Company is not aware of any subsequent event which would require recognition or disclosure in the consolidated financial
statements. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The information set forth and discussed
in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is derived from the Financial
Statements of Mariposa Australia and the related notes thereto which are included as exhibits to this current report. The following
information and discussion should be read in conjunction with such Financial Statements and notes. Additionally, this Management s
Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation constitutes forward-looking statements. We encourage you to review our  Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  at the front of this current report, and our  Risk Factors  set forth
above.  

Overview  

We were formed in June 2014 to pursue a
business combination. On December 8, 2014 our sole shareholder, Richard Chiang, entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Expert
Capital Investments Limited which acquired all our issued and outstanding shares of common stock, elected a new Board of Directors
and appointed new management. On June 19, 2015, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Mariposa Australia. Following the
Purchase, we changed our name to  Mariposa Health, Inc.  Mariposa Australia was formed in 2008 and is an Australian
unlisted public company meaning that under the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia it is able to sell to an unlimited number of
shareholders but is not listed on the Australian Stock Exchange. Mariposa Australia is a clinical stage biotech company formed
in 2003 that started with a single piece of intellectual property for staph-associated snoring and sleep disturbances and built
its portfolio through acquisition, re-positioning in the fields of COPD and asthma. On June 7, 2015 we entered into the License
Agreement with Shanxi Kangbao Biological Product Co., Ltd. under which we granted to Shanxi an exclusive license to manufacture,
trial, produce, make, use, distribute, offer for sell, import and export, market, sell, hire out, lease, supply, or otherwise dispose
of our oral vaccine HI-164/HI-164OV product in in China, Taiwan, Macao and Hong Kong in return for  which
Shanxi is to pay Mariposa Health the following  (i) milestone payments of up to AUD$8,291,818.96 (USD$6,440,497.85), of which
the first payment of AUD$1,242,327.27 (USD$964,723.29) was made seven days from execution of the License Agreement, and (ii) potentially
significant royalties based upon net sales of our oral vaccine HI-164/HI-164OV product in China, Taiwan, Macao and Hong Kong. 

After the Purchase, we succeeded to the
business of Mariposa Australia as our sole line of business. 

Included in this Form 10-Q filing are the
consolidated balance sheets of Mariposa US as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and June 30, 2016, the consolidated statements
of operations of Mariposa US for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), and the consolidated statements
of cash flows of Mariposa US, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited). 

The following is a discussion of (i) our
results of operations and financial condition for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015; (ii) our liquidity and capital resources; (iii) off-balance sheet arrangements and (iv) critical accounting
policies. 

Fiscal Year  

Our fiscal year ends
on June 30 which is the fiscal year of our predecessor entity. Reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-Q to a fiscal year is
reference to the fiscal year ended June 30. For example, references to fiscal 2016 refers to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Mariposa Health Inc. and Subsidiaries   

Result of Operations:  

Note: The following discussion and analysis
is in US Dollars rather than Australian Dollars unless indicated otherwise.   

Revenue  

We have not yet generated any product revenue
and may never do so. Our future revenues may be generated primarily through license agreements. The terms of these agreements may
include payment to us of upfront license fees, milestone payments, research and development cost sharing and royalties. We will
seek to generate revenue from product sales and from future collaborative or strategic relationships. In the future, we expect
any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter as a result of the timing and amount of payments received and expenses
incurred under future collaborations or strategic relationships, if consummated, and the amount and timing of payments we receive
upon the sale of our drug candidates, to the extent any are successfully commercialized. 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015   

The following table
summarizes our results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, together with the changes in those
items in dollars and as a percentage: 

MARIPOSA HEALTH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

   FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

   IN US$     

Comparison of three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

Results of Operations   

Operating Expenses . We generally
recognize our operating expenses as we incur them in four general operational categories: research and development, depreciation
and amortization, clinical and regulatory, director fees and salaries, and general and administration. We also expect to receive
additional grants from private institutions and government agencies in the future to help fund some of the cost of our development
efforts and we will record these grants as offsets to the costs that are incurred to complete the related work. 

Research and development
expenses  consist primarily of employee compensation and consulting costs related to the design, development, and enhancements
of our current and potential future products, offset by grant revenue received in support of specific research projects. We expense
our research and development costs as they are incurred. We expect research and development expenses to increase in the future
as we pursue further enhancements of our existing product and develop technology for our potential future products, TA-270 and
HI-164OV. We also expect to receive additional grants in the future that will be offset primarily against research and development
costs.  

Research and development expenses
decreased by $14,057, or 45%, as the Company was focusing on fundraising activities in the three months ended September 30, 2016.
Mariposa US expects research and development costs to increase in the future as the Company pursues further enhancements of our
existing product and develop technology for our potential future TA-270 and HI-164OV products. 

Depreciation and
amortization  expenses consist of the amortization expense related to TA-270. TA-270 was acquired through the acquisition of
Mariposa Australia on June 17, 2015. We expect to amortize it over 10 years. In the three months ended  September
30, 2016 , the Company did not purchase additional property, plant, equipment or intangible assets.  

Depreciation and amortization
expenses decreased by $323, or 4%, due to the minor foreign exchange rate variation. 

Clinical and regulatory
expenses  consist primarily of salaries, travel and related expenses for personnel engaged in clinical and regulatory functions,
as well as internal and external costs associated with conducting clinical trials and maintaining relationships with regulatory
agencies. We expect clinical and regulatory expenses to increase substantially as we assess the safety and efficacy of enhancements
to TA-270 and HI-164OV products, seek to expand the indications for the TA-270 and HI-164OV and prepare to initiate clinical studies
of potential future products.  

There were no clinical and regulatory
costs during the period. The Company expects clinical and regulatory costs to increase in the future as we conduct clinical trials
to assess possible enhancements to our existing products, and assess the safety and efficacy of our current products. 

Compensation, directors
and officers  consist primarily of the fees and salaries the Company paid to directors and officers.  

Compensation, directors and officer s
expenses decreased by $11,667, or 9%, due to the reversal of accrued director fees to Margaret Bridge who resigned on May 1, 2016. 

General and administrative
expenses  consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for executive, legal, finance, human resources, information technology
and administrative personnel, as well as recruiting and professional fees, patent filing costs, insurance costs and other general
corporate expenses, including rent. We expect general and administrative expenses to increase as we add personnel and incur additional
costs related to the growth of our business and operation as a public company.  

General and administrative expenses
decreased by $38,438, or 31%, as the Company was focusing on fundraising activities in the three months ended September 30, 2016.
After Mariposa US becomes a listed company, we expect our general and administrative costs to increase as Mariposa US incurs the
additional costs of being a listed company, including higher legal, accounting, insurance, exchange listing, and other costs. 

Interest Expense, Net of Interest Income.  Our interest expense,
net of interest income is primarily of interest expenses associated with the Company s two convertible notes and one promissory
note.    

Foreign currency translation (losses) gains  decreased by $4,453,
or 133%, because the average value of the Australian dollars to the US dollars appreciated in the three months ended September
30, 2016, compared to that of 2015.    

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

MARIPOSA HEALTH INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015     

  IN US$  

Our consolidated financial statements have
been presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. Mariposa Australia has experienced recurring operating losses and negative operating cash flows
since inception, and have financed our working capital requirements through the recurring sale of our equity securities. As a result,
our independent registered auditors, in their reports on our June 30, 2016 and 2015 consolidated financial statements, has raised
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern (see  Going Concern  below). 

We are planning an initial public offering
of our common stock and intend to use the proceeds from such offering to invest in our business to develop current product and
gain approvals for additional clinical trials. 

Mariposa Australia has had operating losses
from inception. Operations were funded primarily from the issuance of shares and borrowings. Additionally, key executives took
shares in lieu of cash. Mariposa Australia entered into a Convertible Note Deed (the  Convertible Note ) dated September
29, 2010 with PT Soho Industri Pharmaci in the principal amount of AUD 750,000 that bears interest at 6% per annum and had a maturity
date of September 28, 2013 that was amended and replaced by an Unsecured Loan Deed dated May 6, 2015. Soho agreed to amend and
replace the Convertible Note. The noteholder has converted 60% of the debt to equity in Mariposa US at the time of the Purchase
and, assuming a minimum listing price, has agreed to convert the balance AUD $368,204 (USD $281,796) to equity in Mariposa US upon
Mariposa Australia listing on a recognized exchange. In addition, Mariposa Australia also executed a Convertible Note on January
28, 2015 with Lyndcote Super Pty Ltd for a loan in the principal amount of AUD $100,000 (USD $76,890) with interest at 15% per
annum, with a maturity date of June 30, 2018. 

On June 7, 2015 Mariposa Australia entered
into the License Agreement with Shanxi Kangbao Biological Product Co., Ltd. under which we granted to Shanxi an exclusive license
to manufacture, trial, produce, make, use, distribute, offer for sell, import and export, market, sell, hire out, lease, supply,
or otherwise dispose of our oral vaccine HI-164/HI-164OV product in in China, Taiwan, Macao and Hong Kong in return for  which
Shanxi is to pay Mariposa Health the following  (i) milestone payments of up to AUD$8,291,819 (USD$6,440,498), of which the
first payment of AUD$1,242,327 (USD$964,723) was made seven days from execution of the License Agreement, and (ii) potentially
significant royalties based upon net sales of our oral vaccine HI-164/HI-164OV product in China, Taiwan, Macao and Hong Kong. The
proceeds for the first payment were received on October 22, 2015. 

On June 17, 2015 following the execution
of the SPA, we obtained a bridge loan that allowed us to draw down as much as $500,000 from PTS, Inc. for which we issued a promissory
note with a maturity date of October 15, 2015 bearing interest of 10% per annum. We issued a warrant that is exercisable for five
years at an exercise price equal to $0.001 per share to allow PTS, Inc. to receive up to 400,000 shares of our common stock depending
on the amount of the $500,000 which we borrowed. 

During the  three
months  ended September 30, 2016, the Company generated $1,150 cash in operating activities, consisting primarily of a net
loss of $256,701, offset by increase in trade and other payables of $245,484, decrease in other current assets of $4,473, and depreciation
and amortization of intellectual property $7,894. This compares to the  three
months  ended September 30, 2015, when the Company used $200,878 cash in operating activities, consisting primarily of a
net loss of $338,708, offset by increase in trade and other payables of $111,048, increase in other current assets of $3,852, depreciation
and amortization of intellectual property $7,571, and amortization of the debt discount of $23,063. 

The operating activities mainly consist
of corporate development and activity associated with seeking a listing in the US and activities associated with the TA-270 and
HI-164OV acquired through the acquisition of Mariposa Australia on June 17, 2015. 

Financing Activities   :  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, financing activities provided no cash to the Company. This compares to the three months ended September 30, 2015 where
financing activities provided $96,118 of cash, net of loan repayments. 

In the future, funding for the business
will come primarily through the issuance of equity and convertible debt, and grants from private institutions and government agencies.
Over the next few years, we intend to invest in (1) research and development to advance our existing products and develop next
generation products, and (2) clinical and regulatory efforts for our existing product and to assess the feasibility of future products.
Additionally, after the completion of the proposed public offering, we expect that our general and administrative expenses will
increase as we incur the substantial incremental costs associated with being a public company. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in doing so. The proceeds from this proposed public offering may not be sufficient to finance the company beyond
the next 18 to 24 months and we will need to raise additional capital. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in
doing so. 

We believe that additional capital will
be required and be provided through additional financings, however, we cannot assure you that it can secure additional equity or
debt financings at acceptable prices to maintain projected operating levels. Our failure to obtain necessary financing, or reduce
expenses could impair our ability to stay in business. 

Going Concern   

The consolidated financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which assumes the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had a net
loss of $256,701 and $338,708 and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of $1,150 and ($200,878).  As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash in the amount of $137.  

The Company continues to enact measures
to address liquidity, working capital and operating concerns including issuance of capital stock for cash, and repayment of loans,
fees and expenses as well as executing new debt financing arrangements. 

The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is therefore dependent on the continued forbearance of its creditors and the ability of the Directors to raise
additional capital. The Company is confident that creditors will continue to provide extended credit and that they will be able
to successfully complete further capital raising initiatives. Accordingly, the continuation of the Company as a going concern is
dependent upon the ability of the Company to be able to obtain the continued forbearance of its creditors and its capital raising
initiatives. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Contractual Obligations    

We had no contractual obligations as of
September 30, 2016. 

Tax Loss Carryforwards   

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
a net operating loss carry forward in the amount of approximately  $1,982,909
 available to offset future taxable income through 2036. The Company established valuation allowances equal to the full amount
of the deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of the utilization of the operating losses in future periods. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The Company relies on historical
experience and on other assumptions we to be reasonable under the circumstances in making our judgment and estimates. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. The Company considers their critical accounting policies to be those that are complex and those
that require significant judgments and estimates, including the following: recognition of revenue, capitalization of development
costs, foreign currency translation and income taxes. 

Principles of Consolidation and Reporting   

The Company presents its financial statements
in accordance with GAAP. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary,
Mariposa Australia. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Foreign Currency Translation and Comprehensive Income
(Loss)   

The Company s functional currency
is the Australian dollar and its reporting currency is the United States dollar. Transactions denominated in the functional currency
are converted into United States dollars using the current rate method as noted under Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC )
830. Under this standard all assets and liabilities are re-valued into the reporting currency at each balance sheet date using
the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date, with any resulting exchange gains or losses being credited or charged to
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). All revenues, expenses, gains and losses are converted from the functional currency
to the reporting currency using weighted-average exchange rates for the periods presented. The foreign currency exchange gain or
loss translation is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations. The resulting translation adjustments are reported
under accumulated other comprehensive income as a component of stockholders  deficit. 

Revenue Recognition   

Revenue will be recognized when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectability is probable. Revenue
generally is recognized net of allowances for returns and any taxes collected from customers and subsequently remitted to governmental
authorities.  Revenue will also be recognized in accordance with terms
of any agreement entered into by the Company including license agreements.  

Intangible Assets   

The Company evaluates long-lived assets
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset group may not be recoverable.
The Company assesses the fair value of the assets based on the amount of the undiscounted future cash flow that the assets are
expected to generate and recognizes an impairment loss when estimated undiscounted future cash flow expected to result from the
use of the asset, plus net proceeds expected from disposition of the asset, if any, are less than the carrying value of the asset.
When an impairment is identified, the Company reduces the carrying value of the group of assets to comparable market values, when
available and appropriate, or to its estimated fair value based on a discounted cash flow approach, with the corresponding impairment
loss reflected in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Intangible assets, such as purchased technology,
are generally recorded in connection with a business or an asset acquisition. The value assigned to intangible assets is usually
based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations for the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. The
Company evaluates the useful lives of its intangible assets each reporting period to determine whether events and circumstances
require revising the remaining period of amortization. In addition, the Company reviews intangible assets for impairment when events
or changes in circumstances indicate their carrying value may not be recoverable. Management considers such indicators as significant
differences in actual product acceptance from the estimates, changes in the competitive and economic environment, technological
advances, and changes in cost structure. In the second quarter of fiscal year 2015, the Company performed an impairment analysis
on the carrying value of its intangible assets and determined that there was no impairment. 

Indefinite-lived assets are not amortized,
but are reviewed for impairment annually at the end of each fiscal year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Purchased technology and other intangible assets, such as patents,
are presented at cost, net of accumulated amortization, and are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 1 to 15 years using
the straight-line method. 

Patents and trademarks are recognized at
cost of acquisition only when it is probable that the products they relate to will generate future economic benefits, and the cost
of the patent can be reassured reliably. Patents and trademarks that are recognized at cost, have a finite life and are carried
at cost less any accumulated amortization and any impairment losses. Patents and trademarks are amortized over their useful life. 

In-Process Research and Development   

In-process research and development ( IPR D)
represents the fair value assigned to incomplete research projects that the Company acquires through business combinations or developed
internally which, at that time, have not reached technological feasibility. Intangible assets associated with IPR D projects
are not amortized until approval is obtained in the United States, subject to certain specified conditions and management judgment.
The useful life of an amortizing asset generally is determined by identifying the period in which substantially all of the cash
flows are expected to be generated. Management reviews such assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

Research and Development   

Research expenditures are recognized as
an expense as those costs are incurred. Costs incurred on development projects (relating to the design and testing of new or improved
products) are recognized as an expense as those costs are incurred, up through the date that the project will achieve technological
feasibility, be completed and generate future economic benefits and its costs can be measured reliably. At that time, the costs
will be capitalized and reflected as an intangible asset. 

Segment Reporting   

Management treats the operation of the Company as one segment
being pharmaceutical research and development activities in Australia and Japan. 

New Accounting Pronouncements   

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) . The amendments in
ASU No. 2016-09 were issued as part of the FASB's simplification initiative focused on improving areas of GAAP for which cost and
complexity may be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of information disclosed within the financial statements.
The amendments focused on simplification specifically with regard to share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences,
classification of awards as equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance in ASU No. 2016-09
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company will evaluate the effect of ASU 2016-09 for future periods as applicable. 

During February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842). The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating
leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification
will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term
of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater
than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing
guidance for operating leases. The new guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within that reporting period and is applied retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently in the process of assessing the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

During August 2014, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern.  The provisions of ASU No. 2014-15 require
management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles
that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt,
(2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating
effect of management s plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management s plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and
(6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be
issued). The amendments in this ASU are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods
and interim periods thereafter. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial
statements. 

During June 2014, the FASB issued an Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-10,  Development Stage Entities (Topic 915) - Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements,
Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation ( ASU 2014-10 ) . The
objective of ASU 2014-10 is to improve financial reporting by reducing the cost and complexity associated with the incremental
reporting requirements for development stage entities. ASU 2014-10 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2014, and interim periods therein. The Company has elected early implementation, as permitted by the standard, for the year
ended June 30, 2015. All development stage language disclosures and amounts have been removed as a result of the adoption of ASU
2014-10. 

There were other updates recently issued,
most of which represented technical corrections to the accounting literature or application to specific industries and are not
expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risks.  

Not applicable.  

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of the our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a 15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based on this evaluation, our President
and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of September 30, 2016 that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such
that the information required to be disclosed in the Company s United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our President and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

Based on our evaluation under the framework
in Internal Control   Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission,
our management, with the participation of our President and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

This annual report does not include an
attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report
was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act, which permanently exempts non-accelerated filers from complying with Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

Attached as exhibits to this Form 10-Q
are certifications of President ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), which are required in accordance
with Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). This  Controls and
Procedures  section includes information concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in the certifications. 

Material Weakness Identified  

None. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness
of Controls  

Our management, including the CEO/CFO,
does not expect that the Disclosure Controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors
and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will
not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 

These inherent limitations include the
realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls
can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override
of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions of deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

We are not aware of
any pending legal proceedings against us. 

Item 1a.  Risk Factors.  

Not Applicable. 

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

The Company is in default
of the Promissory Note owed to PTS, Inc. ( PTS ). As of September 30, 2016 the Company had drawn down $400,000 and repaid
$50,000 of the principal owed to PTS. The balance of $350,000 is included as a current liability. The total accrued interest on
the Promissory Note as of September 30, 2016 was $70,000. The default interest rate is 15% per annum. The Company is in negotiations
with PTS to extend the maturity date of the Promissory Note. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.  

None. 

Item 5.  Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6.  Exhibits.  

Exhibit Number   
       
       Description    

31.1*  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2*  
       
      Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.1*  
       
      Certification of the Chief Executive Officer  and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   

101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   

101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   

101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   

101 PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

* Filed Herewith 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MARIPOSA HEALTH, INC.   

Dated: November 10, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Phillip Comans  

Phillip Comans, President and CEO  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451976_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

I, Phillip Comans, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Mariposa Health, Inc.; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)        Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Phillip Comans   

Phillip Comans   

President   

(principal executive officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451976_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

I, Kevin Lynn, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Mariposa Health, Inc.; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)       Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)       Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)       Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)        Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)       All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)       Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Kevin Lynn   

Kevin Lynn   

Chief Financial Officer   

(principal financial officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451976_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

MARIPOSA HEALTH, INC. 
 
CERTIFICATION OF 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Mariposa Health, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned officers,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)       The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)       The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Dated: November 10, 2016 

/s/ Phillip Comans   

Phillip Comans   

President   

(principal executive officer)   

/s/Kevin Lynn   

Kevin Lynn   

CFO   

(principal financial officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed
form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cik0001612253-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik0001612253-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cik0001612253-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik0001612253-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik0001612253-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik0001612253-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

