<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1091491_0001552781-16-002046_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10908349</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>171813</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>495056</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3126007</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5164822</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1762874</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>115</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552781-16-002046.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104160233
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-16-002046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HCSB FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001091491
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				571079444
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26995
		FILM NUMBER:		161975168

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5009 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			LORIS
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29569
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8437566333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5009 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			LORIS
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29569

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552781-16-002046.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 e00560_hcsb-10q.htm

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

For the Transition Period from _________to_________  

Commission File Number 000-26995 

HCSB FINANCIAL
CORPORATION  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(843) 756-6333 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

 ________________________________________________ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x   No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x   No  o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  o     
      Accelerated filer  o      

Non-accelerated filer  o  (do not check if smaller reporting company)   
      Smaller reporting company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes  o   No  x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of
each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

Index  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       Page No.    

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   Nine and three months    

ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Nine and three months    

ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity -   

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows      

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      7   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      51   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      64   

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   
      64   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
      65   

Item 1A. Risk Factors   
      66   

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      66   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      66   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      66   

Item 5. Other Information   
      66   

Item 6. Exhibits   
      66   

SIGNATURES   

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

Item 1. Financial Statements   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME (LOSS) 

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS 

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  

Organization and Significant Accounting
Policies   

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation  
- The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of HCSB Financial Corporation (the  Company )
which was incorporated on June 10, 1999 to serve as a bank holding company for its wholly owned subsidiary, Horry County State
Bank (the  Bank ). The Bank was incorporated on December 18, 1987, and opened for operations on January 4, 1988. The
principal business activity of the Company is to provide commercial banking services in Horry County, South Carolina, and in Columbus
and Brunswick Counties, North Carolina. The Bank is a state-chartered bank, and its deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC ). HCSB Financial Trust I (the  Trust ) is a special purpose subsidiary
organized for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities were redeemed in the second
quarter of 2016. The operations of the Trust were not consolidated in the financial statements prior to the dissolution. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements for interim financial statements and, accordingly, they are condensed and
omit disclosures, which would substantially duplicate those contained in the most recent annual report to shareholders. The financial
statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the interim periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited and, in our opinion,
include all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation. Operating results
for the nine and three month periods ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
for the year ending December 31, 2016. The financial information as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial
statements as of that date. For further information, refer to the financial statements and the notes included in HCSB Financial
Corporation s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC )
on March 30, 2016, as amended on Form 10-K/A which was filed with the SEC on April 1, 2016. 

Management s Estimates  
- In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet date and income and expenses for the period. Actual results
could differ significantly from those estimates. 

Material estimates that are particularly susceptible
to significant change relate to the determination of the allowance for loan losses, including valuation allowances for impaired
loans, and the carrying amount of real estate acquired in connection with foreclosures or in satisfaction of loans. Management
must also make estimates in determining the estimated useful lives and methods for depreciating premises and equipment. 

While management uses available information
to recognize losses on loans and foreclosed real estate, future additions to the allowance may be necessary based on changes in
local economic conditions. In addition, regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review
the Company s allowances for losses on loans and foreclosed real estate. Such agencies may require the Company to recognize
additions to the allowances based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Because
of these factors, it is reasonably possible that the allowances for losses on loans and foreclosed real estate may change materially
in the near term. 

Investment Securities   - Investment
securities available-for-sale owned by the Company are carried at amortized cost and adjusted to their estimated fair value for
reporting purposes. The unrealized gain or loss is recorded in shareholders  equity net of any deferred tax effects. Management
does not actively trade securities classified as available-for-sale, but intends to hold these securities for an indefinite period
of time and may sell them prior to maturity to achieve certain objectives. Reductions in fair value considered by management to
be other than temporary are reported as a realized loss and a reduction in the cost basis in the security. The adjusted cost basis
of securities available-for-sale is determined by specific identification and is used in computing the realized gain or loss from
a sales transaction. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1
  ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS      -    continued  

Nonmarketable Equity Securities  
- Nonmarketable equity securities include the Company s investment in the stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank (the  FHLB ).
The FHLB stock is carried at cost because the stock has no quoted market value and no ready market exists. Investment in FHLB stock
is a condition of borrowing from the FHLB, and the stock is pledged to collateralize the borrowings. Dividends received on FHLB
stock are included as a separate component in interest income. 

Loans Receivable   - Loans receivable
are stated at their unpaid principal balance, less any charge-offs. Interest income on loans is computed based upon the unpaid
principal balance. Interest income is recorded in the period earned. 

The accrual of interest income is generally
discontinued when a loan becomes contractually 90 days past due as to principal or interest. Management may elect to continue the
accrual of interest when the estimated net realizable value of collateral exceeds the principal balance and accrued interest. 

Loan origination and commitment fees and certain
direct loan origination costs (principally salaries and employee benefits) are deferred and amortized to income over the contractual
life of the related loans or commitments, adjusted for prepayments, using the straight-line method. 

Loans are impaired when it is probable that
a creditor will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. All loans are subject
to these criteria except for smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment and loans measured
at fair value or at the lower of cost or fair value. The Company considers its consumer installment portfolio and home equity lines
as such exceptions. Therefore, loans within the real estate and commercial loan portfolios are reviewed individually. 

Impairment of a loan is measured based on the
present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral,
if the loan is collateral dependent. When management determines that a loan is impaired, the difference between the Company s
investment in the related loan and the present value of the expected future cash flows, or the fair value of the collateral, is
charged off with a corresponding entry to the allowance for loan losses or a specific reserve is set aside within the allowance
for loan losses. The accrual of interest is discontinued on an impaired loan when management determines the borrower may be unable
to meet payments as they become due. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk  
- Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of loans receivable,
investment securities, federal funds sold and amounts due from banks. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1
  ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS      -    continued  

The Company makes loans to individuals and
small businesses for various personal and commercial purposes primarily throughout Horry County in South Carolina and Columbus
and Brunswick counties of North Carolina. The Company s loan portfolio is not concentrated in loans to any single borrower
or a relatively small number of borrowers. However, the loan portfolio does include a concentration in loans secured by residential
and commercial real estate and commercial and industrial non-real estate loans. These loans are especially susceptible to being
adversely effected by unfavorable economic conditions. The commercial real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate
source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended.
If real estate values in our market areas decline, it is also more likely that we would be required to increase our allowance for
loan losses. 

In addition to monitoring potential concentrations
of loans to particular borrowers or groups of borrowers, industries and geographic regions, management monitors exposure to credit
risk from concentrations of lending products and practices such as loans that subject borrowers to substantial payment increases
(e.g. principal deferral periods, loans with initial interest-only periods, etc.), and loans with high loan-to-value ratios. Management
has determined that there is no concentration of credit risk associated with its lending policies or practices. Additionally, there
are industry practices that could subject the Company to increased credit risk should economic conditions change over the course
of a loan s life. For example, the Company makes variable rate loans and fixed rate principal-amortizing loans with maturities
prior to the loan being fully paid (i.e. balloon payment loans). These loans are underwritten and monitored to manage the associated
risks. Therefore, management believes that these particular practices do not subject the Company to unusual credit risk. 

The Company s investment portfolio consists
principally of obligations of the United States, its agencies or its corporations and general obligation municipal securities.
In the opinion of management, there is no concentration of credit risk in its investment portfolio. The Company places its deposits
and correspondent accounts with and sells its federal funds to high quality institutions. Management believes credit risk associated
with correspondent accounts is not significant. 

Allowance for Loan Losses    
The allowance for loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged
to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed.
Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by
management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical experiences,
the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, estimated
value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires
estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. Management s judgments about
the adequacy of the allowance are based on numerous assumptions about current events, which management believes to be reasonable,
but which may or may not prove to be accurate. Thus, there can be no assurance that loan losses in future periods will not exceed
the current allowance amount or that future increases in the allowance will not be required. No assurance can be given that management s
ongoing evaluation of the loan portfolio in light of changing economic conditions and other relevant circumstances will not require
significant future additions to the allowance, thus adversely affecting the operating results of the Company. 

The allowance is subject to examination by
regulatory agencies, which may consider such factors as the methodology used to determine adequacy and the size of the allowance
relative to that of peer institutions, and other adequacy tests. In addition, such regulatory agencies could require the Company
to adjust its allowance based on information available to them at the time of their examination. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1
  ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS      -    continued  

The methodology used to determine the reserve
for unfunded lending commitments, which is included in other liabilities, is inherently similar to that used to determine the allowance
for loan losses adjusted for factors specific to binding commitments, including the probability of funding and historical loss
ratio. 

Premises, Furniture and Equipment  
- Premises, furniture and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. The provision for depreciation is computed
by the straight-line method. Rates of depreciation are generally based on the following estimated useful lives: buildings - 40
years; furniture and equipment - three to ten years. The cost of assets sold or otherwise disposed of and the related accumulated
depreciation is eliminated from the accounts, and the resulting gains or losses are reflected in the income statement. 

Maintenance and repairs are charged to current
expense as incurred, and the costs of major renewals and improvements are capitalized. 

Other Real Estate Owned   - Other
real estate owned ( OREO ) includes real estate acquired through foreclosure. OREO is initially recorded at appraised
value, less estimated costs to sell. 

Any write-downs at the dates of acquisition
are charged to the allowance for loan losses. Expenses to maintain such assets, subsequent write-downs, and gains and losses on
disposal are included in net cost (profit) of operations of other real estate owned on the statement of operations. 

Income and Expense Recognition  
- The accrual method of accounting is used for all significant categories of income and expense. Immaterial amounts of insurance
commissions and other miscellaneous fees are reported when received. 

Income Taxes     The Company
files a consolidated federal income tax return and separate company state income tax returns. Federal income tax expense or benefit
has been allocated to subsidiaries on a separate return basis. The Company accounts for income taxes based on two components of
income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense approximates taxes to be paid or refunded for the current
period and includes income tax expense related to uncertain tax positions, if any. 

Deferred income taxes are determined using
the balance sheet method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax impacts of the differences
between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities and recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws in the period in
which they occur. Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred
tax assets are recognized subject to the Company s judgment that realization is more likely than not. A tax position that
meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. The tax position
is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. Interest and penalties,
if any, are recognized as a component of income tax expense. 

The Company reviews the deferred tax assets
for recoverability based on history of earnings, expectations for future earnings and expected timing of reversals of temporary
differences. Realization of a deferred tax asset ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income available under
tax law, including future reversals of existing temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of reversing differences,
taxable income in prior carryback years, projections of future operating results, cumulative tax losses over the past three years,
tax loss deductibility limitations, and available tax planning strategies. If, based on available information, it is more likely
than not that the deferred income tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset must be
established with a corresponding charge to income tax expense. The deferred tax assets and valuation allowance are evaluated each
quarter, and a portion of the valuation allowance may be reversed in future periods. The determination of how much of the valuation
allowance that may be reversed and the timing is based on future results of operation and the amount and timing of actual
loan charge-offs and asset write-downs. Due to the private placement in April 2016 that removed the going concern considerations,
the Company recorded a deferred tax asset of $267 thousand related to unrealized losses in the securities available-for-sale portfolio.
The remaining deferred tax asset was offset by a valuation allowance. At December 31, 2015, the Company s deferred tax asset
was offset in its entirety by a valuation allowance. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   -    continued  

The Company believes that its income tax filing
positions taken or expected to be taken in its tax returns will more likely than not be sustained upon audit by the taxing authorities
and does not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material adverse impact on the Company s financial condition,
results of operations, or cash flow. Therefore no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share  
- Basic income (loss) per common share is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per common share is computed based on net income divided by the weighted average
number of common and potential common shares. The computation of diluted net loss per share does not include potential common shares
as their effect would be anti-dilutive. There were no common share equivalents at September 30, 2016. 

Comprehensive Income   - Accounting
principles generally require recognized income, expenses, gains, and losses to be included in net income. Although certain changes
in assets and liabilities, such as unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, are reported as a separate component
of the equity section of the balance sheet, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income and are also
presented in a separate statement of comprehensive income. Accumulated other comprehensive income for the Company consists entirely
of unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities. 

Statements of Cash Flows   - For
purposes of reporting cash flows, the Company considers certain highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include amounts due from banks, federal funds sold, and interest-bearing
deposits with other banks. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments  
- In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into off-balance sheet financial instruments consisting of commitments
to extend credit and letters of credit. These financial instruments are recorded in the financial statements when they become payable
by the customer. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
  The following is a summary of recent authoritative pronouncements. 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued guidance to change the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle
of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to reflect the transfer of goods and services to customers in an
amount equal to the consideration the entity receives or expects to receive. The guidance will be effective for the Company for
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on
its financial statements. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued guidance to eliminate from U.S. GAAP the concept of an extraordinary item,
which is an event or transaction that is both (1) unusual in nature and (2) infrequently occurring. Under the new guidance, an
entity will no longer (1) segregate an extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations; (2) separately present an extraordinary
item on its income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations; or (3) disclose income taxes and earnings-per-share
data applicable to an extraordinary item. The amendments were effective for the Company on January 1, 2016. The Company is applying
the guidance prospectively. The amendments had no effect on the financial statements. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   -    continued  

In February 2015, the FASB issued guidance
which amends the consolidation requirements and significantly changes the consolidation analysis required under U.S. GAAP. The
amendments were effective for the Company on January 1, 2016 and did not have a material effect on the financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance which
changes the presentation of debt issuance costs. The amendments were effective for the Company on January 1, 2016. As a result,
all debt issuance costs were reclassified to offset related debt. 

In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective
date of Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. As a result of the deferral,
the guidance in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company
does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued amendments
to the Interest topic of the ASC to clarify the SEC staff s position on presenting and measuring debt issuance costs incurred
in connection with line-of-credit arrangements. The amendments were effective upon issuance. The amendments did not have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB amended the Financial
Instruments topic of the ASC to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial
instruments. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The Company will apply the guidance by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the
beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amendments related to equity securities without readily determinable fair values
will be applied prospectively to equity investments that exist as of the date of adoption of the amendments. The Company does not
expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB amended the Leases
topic of the ASC to revise certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of leasing transactions. The
amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that implementation of the new standard will have on its financial position,
results of operations, and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue
from Contracts with Customers topic of the ASC to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations
and address how an entity should assess whether it is the principal or the agent in contracts that include three or more parties.
The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not
expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to
simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including the income tax consequences, the
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of cash flows. Additionally,
the guidance simplifies two areas specific to entities other than public business entities allowing them to apply a practical expedient to estimate the
expected term for all awards with performance or service conditions that have certain characteristics and also allowing them to
make a one-time election to switch from measuring all liability-classified awards at fair value to measuring them at intrinsic
value. The amendments will be effective for the Company for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods
within those annual periods. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   -    continued  

In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance to change
the accounting for credit losses and modify the impairment model for certain debt securities. The amendments will be effective
for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that implementation
of the new standard will have on its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In August 2016, the FASB amended the Statement
of Cash Flows topic of the ASC to clarify how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. The amendments will be effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not expect these amendments to have a material effect on its financial statements. 

Other accounting standards that have been issued
or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Risks and Uncertainties   - In
the normal course of its business, the Company encounters two significant types of risks: economic and regulatory. There are three
main components of economic risk: interest rate risk, credit risk and market risk. The Company is subject to interest rate risk
to the degree that its interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice at different speeds, or on a different basis, than its interest-earning
assets. Credit risk is the risk of default on the Company s loan portfolio that results from a borrower s inability or unwillingness
to make contractually required payments. Market risk reflects changes in the value of collateral underlying loans receivable and
the valuation of real estate held by the Company. 

The Company is subject to the regulations of
various governmental agencies. These regulations can and do change significantly from period to period. The Company also undergoes
periodic examinations by the regulatory agencies, which may subject it to further changes with respect to asset valuations, amounts
of required loss allowances and operating restrictions from the regulators  judgments based on information available to them at
the time of their examination. 

Reclassifications   - Certain captions
and amounts for prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. These reclassifications had no effect
on net income (loss) or shareholders  equity (deficit) as previously reported. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   -    continued  

Recent Developments   

On February 10, 2011, the Bank entered into a Consent Order (the  Consent Order ) with the FDIC
and the South Carolina Board of Financial Institutions (the  State Board ). The Consent Order conveyed specific actions
needed to address the Bank s current financial condition, primarily related to capital planning, liquidity/funds management,
policy and planning issues, management oversight, loan concentrations and classifications, and non-performing loans. On October
26, 2016, the Bank received notification that the Consent Order was terminated by the FDIC and the State Board and was replaced
with certain regulatory requirements and restrictions, including a requirement to continue to improve credit quality and earnings,
a restriction prohibiting dividend payments without prior approval from the supervisory authorities, and a requirement to maintain
Tier 1 capital at least equal to 8% and total risk-based capital at least equal to 10%. As of September 30, 2016, we believe the
Bank is in substantial compliance with the new requirements and restrictions set forth by the supervisory authorities. 

On April 11, 2016, the Company completed a private placement of 359,468,443 shares of common stock at $0.10
per share and 905,316 shares of a new series of convertible perpetual preferred stock, Series A (the  Series A preferred
stock ), at $10.00 per share for aggregate cash proceeds of approximately $45.0 million (the  2016 private placement ).
Net proceeds from the 2016 private placement, after deducting commissions and expenses, were approximately $41.5 million, of which
$38.0 million was contributed to the Bank as a capital contribution to support its operations and increase its capital ratios to
meet the then higher minimum capital ratios required under the terms of the recently terminated Consent Order. Net proceeds from the 2016 private placement were also used to repurchase
the Company s outstanding Series T preferred stock (as defined below), trust preferred securities, and subordinated promissory
notes, as described below. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company completed a public
offering of 14,167,600 shares of common stock at $0.10 per share for aggregate cash proceeds of approximately $1.4 million (the
 2016 follow-on offering ). The 2016 follow-on offering was conducted primarily to provide the Company s legacy
shareholders, employees and others in its community with an opportunity to invest in the Company at the same offering price of
$0.10 per share that the Company offered to the investors in the 2016 private placement. The offering period ended at 5:00 p.m.,
Eastern Standard time, on June 30, 2016. The proceeds were used for general corporate and operational purposes. 

On July 7, 2016, the Company sold $4.3 million
of nonaccrual loans and $270 thousand of other real estate owned ( OREO ). The loans and OREO were recorded at fair
value as of June 30, 2016. 

On August 23, 2016, the Company filed Articles
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to authorize a class of 150,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock. Also on August
23, 2016, the Company converted 905,316 shares of issued and outstanding Series A preferred stock into 90,531,557 shares of non-voting
common stock. The 905,316 shares of Series A preferred stock converted into 90,531,557 shares of non-voting common stock represented
all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock on such date and, as a result, all shares of the Series A
preferred stock are no longer outstanding and resumed the status of authorized and unissued shares of the Company s preferred
stock. 

On July 31, 2010, the Company completed a private
placement of subordinated promissory notes that totaled $12.1 million. The notes bore interest at a rate equal to the current Prime
Rate in effect, as published by the Wall Street Journal, plus 3%; provided, that the interest rate would not be less than 8% per
annum or more than 12% per annum. Beginning in October 2011, the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond prohibited the Company from paying
interest due on the subordinated promissory notes. Effective as of September 16, 2015, the Company, the Bank, and certain other
defendants entered into a class action settlement agreement in potential settlement of the putative class action lawsuit initiated
by three holders of the Company s subordinated promissory notes, on behalf of themselves and as representatives of a class
of similarly situated purchasers of the Company s subordinated promissory notes, with respect to alleged wrongful conduct
associated with purchases of the subordinated promissory notes, including fraud, violation of state securities statutes, and negligence.
On March 2, 2016, the Court of Common Pleas for the Fifteenth Judicial District, State of South Carolina, County of Horry entered
a final order of approval approving the class action settlement agreement. Immediately following the closing of the 2016 private
placement on April 11, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the class action settlement agreement, the Company established a settlement
fund of approximately $2.4 million, which represented 20% of the principal of subordinated promissory notes issued by the Company.
The settlement fund was used to redeem the subordinated promissory notes held by class members. Also on April 11, 2016, the Company
settled, pursuant to previously executed binding settlement agreements, with all subordinated promissory note holders who opted
out of the class action settlement. These settlements, including the class action settlement, constituted the full satisfaction
of the principal and interest owed on, and required the immediate dismissal of all pending litigation related to, the respective
subordinated promissory notes. In each case, the Company and the Bank also obtained a full and complete release of all claims asserted
or that could have been asserted with respect to the subordinated promissory notes. Refer to Note 8 to our Financial Statements
for additional information on the subordinated promissory notes. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION, SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   -    continued  

On March 6, 2009, as part of the Troubled Asset
Relief Program (the  TARP ) Capital Purchase Program (the  CPP ) established by the U.S. Department of
the Treasury (the  U.S. Treasury ) under the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2009, the Company issued and sold
to the U.S. Treasury (i) 12,895 shares of fixed rate cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series T, having a liquidation preference
of $1,000 per share (the  Series T preferred stock ), and (ii) a ten-year warrant to purchase up to 91,714 shares of
its common stock at an initial exercise price of $21.09 per share (the  CPP Warrant ), for an aggregate purchase price
of $12.9 million in cash. Beginning in February 2011, the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond required the Company to defer dividend
payments on the Series T preferred stock. On February 29, 2016, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with the
U.S. Treasury, pursuant to which the Company agreed to repurchase all 12,895 shares of the Series T preferred stock for $129 thousand,
plus reimbursement of attorneys  fees and other expenses incurred by the U.S Treasury not to exceed $25 thousand. Under the
terms of the securities purchase agreement, the U.S. Treasury also agreed to waive any and all unpaid dividends on the Series T
preferred stock and to cancel the CPP Warrant. 

Immediately following the closing of the 2016
private placement on April 11, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, the Company repurchased all 12,895
shares of the Series T preferred stock from the U.S. Treasury for $129 thousand and the U.S. Treasury canceled the CPP Warrant.
Refer to Note 9 to our Financial Statements for additional information on the Series T preferred stock. 

On December 21, 2004, the Trust issued and
sold a total of 6,000 trust preferred securities, with $1,000 liquidation amount per capital security and a maturity of December
31, 2034, to institutional buyers in a pooled trust preferred issue. The Company received from the Trust the $6.0 million proceeds
from the issuance of the securities and the $186 thousand initial proceeds from the capital investment in the Trust and, accordingly,
has shown the funds due to the trust as a $6.2 million junior subordinated debenture. Beginning in February 2011, the Federal Reserve
Bank of Richmond prohibited the Company from paying interest due on the trust preferred securities. The Company was permitted to
defer these interest payments for up to 20 consecutive quarterly periods, or until March 15, 2016, at which point all of the deferred
interest, including interest accrued on such deferred interest, would become due and payable. On February 29, 2016, the Company
entered into a securities purchase agreement with Alesco Preferred Funding VI LTD ( Alesco ), pursuant to which the
Company agreed to repurchase the trust preferred securities for $600 thousand, plus reimbursement of attorneys  fees and
other expenses incurred by Alesco not to exceed $25 thousand. Alesco also agreed to forgive any and all unpaid interest on the
trust preferred securities. On March 16, 2016, the Company received a notice of default from The Bank of New York Mellon Trust
Company, N.A., in its capacity as trustee, relating to the trust preferred securities. Immediately following the closing of the
2016 private placement on April 11, 2016, pursuant to the terms of the securities purchase agreement, the Company repurchased all
of the trust preferred securities from Alesco for $600 thousand plus $17 thousand in direct legal expenses. Refer to Note 7 to
our Financial Statements for additional information on the trust preferred securities. 

After taking into account the discounted repurchase
or redemption prices for the Series T preferred stock, the trust preferred securities and the subordinated promissory notes, each
as described above, as well as the forgiveness of accrued and deferred interest, legal fees, amounts paid in settlement of litigation,
income taxes, and other expenses incurred in connection with these transactions, the Company recognized a gain, net of income taxes,
of approximately $13.8 million on the repurchase of the Series T preferred stock, which is included in capital surplus and an aggregate
gain of $19.1 million from the extinguishment of debt which is included in noninterest income. See the respective notes referred
to above for additional information. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 2   REGULATORY MATTERS AND
OTHER CONSIDERATIONS  

Removal of Consent Order with the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation and South Carolina Board of Financial Institutions  

As noted above, on February 10, 2011, the Bank entered into the Consent Order with the FDIC and the State
Board.  The Consent Order conveyed specific actions needed to address the Bank s current financial condition, primarily
related to capital planning, liquidity/funds management, policy and planning issues, management oversight, loan concentrations
and classifications, and non-performing loans. On October 26, 2016 the Consent Order was terminated by the FDIC and the State Board
and was replaced with certain regulatory requirements and restrictions, including a requirement to continue to improve credit quality
and earnings, a restriction prohibiting dividend payments without prior approval from the supervisory authorities, and a requirement
to maintain Tier 1 capital at least equal to 8% and total risk-based capital at least equal to 10%. We believe that we are currently
in substantial compliance with the new regulatory requirements and restrictions. 

Written Agreement  

On May 9, 2011, the Company entered into a
Written Agreement with the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond.  The Written Agreement is designed to enhance the Company s
ability to act as a source of strength to the Bank. 

The Written Agreement contains provisions similar to those in the recently terminated Consent Order. Specifically,
pursuant to the Written Agreement, the Company agreed, among other things, to seek the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve
Bank of Richmond before undertaking any of the following activities: 

declaring or paying any dividends,    

directly or indirectly taking dividends or any other form of payment
representing a reduction in capital from the Bank,    

making any distributions of interest, principal or other sums on
subordinated debentures or trust preferred securities,    

directly or indirectly, incurring, increasing or guarantying any
debt, and    

directly or indirectly, purchasing or redeeming any shares of its
stock.    

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 2   REGULATORY MATTERS AND OTHER CONSIDERATIONS  
 - continued  

The Company also agreed to comply with certain
notice provisions set forth in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (the  Federal Reserve ) in appointing any new director or senior executive officer, or changing the responsibilities
of any senior executive officer so that the officer would assume a different senior executive officer position.  The Company
is also required to comply with certain restrictions on indemnification and severance payments pursuant to the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act and FDIC regulations. 

We believe we are currently in substantial
compliance with the Written Agreement. 

On August 18, 2014, the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond informed the Company that it was required to repay
two notes in the amount of $1.8 million to the Bank as soon as the Company has the funds available to do so for repayment of loans
deemed made from the Bank to the Company. The Bank was a general unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to these loans.
The Company made these payments to the Bank shortly following the closing of the private placement on April 11, 2016. 

Other Considerations  

The effects of the Great Recession continue
to be felt across many industries, with financial services and residential real estate being particularly hard hit. The Bank, with
a loan portfolio consisting of a concentration in commercial real estate loans, experienced a decline in the value of the collateral
securing its loan portfolio as well as a rapid deterioration in its borrowers  cash flow and ability to repay their outstanding
loans to the Bank. As a result, the Bank s level of nonperforming assets increased substantially during 2010 and 2011. However,
since 2012, the Bank s nonperforming assets have begun to stabilize. In addition to increasing write-downs on OREO to expedite
sales during the first nine months of 2016, the Bank sold $4.3 million of nonperforming loans and $270 thousand of OREO which had
been reduced to fair value prior to the sale. The Bank s nonperforming assets at September 30, 2016 were $5.0 million compared
to $22.4 million at December 31, 2015. As a percentage of total assets, nonperforming assets were 1.30% and 6.19% as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. As a percentage of total loans, nonperforming loans were 0.45% and 4.18% as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The Company and the Bank operate in a highly regulated industry and must plan for the liquidity needs of each
entity separately. A variety of sources of liquidity have historically been available to the Bank to meet its short-term and long-term
funding needs. Although a number of these sources have been limited following execution of the Consent Order (which was terminated
on October 26, 2016), management has prepared forecasts of these sources of funds and the Bank s projected uses of funds
during 2016 in an effort to ensure that the sources available are sufficient to meet the Bank s projected liquidity needs
for this period. 

Prior to the most recent economic downturn, the Company, if needed, would have relied on dividends from the
Bank as its primary source of liquidity. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. However, various legal
limitations restrict the Bank from lending or otherwise supplying funds to the Company to meet its obligations, including paying
dividends. In addition, regulatory restrictions remaining following the termination of the Consent Order further limit the Bank s
ability to pay dividends to the Company to satisfy its funding needs. 

Management believes the Bank s liquidity sources are adequate
to meet its needs for at least the next 12 months. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 3 - INVESTMENT SECURITIES  

Securities available-for-sale consisted
of the following: 

The following is a summary of maturities of
securities available-for-sale as of September 30, 2016. The amortized cost and estimated fair values are based on the contractual
maturity dates. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay
obligations with or without penalty. 

The following table shows gross unrealized
losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category, and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous
unrealized loss position, at: 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 3 - INVESTMENT SECURITIES    - continued  

Management evaluates its investment portfolio
periodically to identify any impairment that is other than temporary. At September 30, 2016, the Company had one government-sponsored
enterprise security and 20 mortgage-backed securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for more than twelve months.
Management believes these losses are temporary and are a result of the current interest rate environment. The Company does not
intend to sell these securities and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities before
recovery of their amortized cost. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
investment securities with a book value of $45.0 million and $36.7 million, respectively, and a market value of $44.7 million and
$36.1 million, respectively, were pledged to secure deposits. 

Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities
were $25.1 million and $23.3 million for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $16.9 million
and $5.4 million for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Gross realized gains and losses on
sales of available-for-sale securities for the periods ended were as follows: 

NOTE 4   LOAN PORTFOLIO  

Loans consisted of the following: 

At June 30, 2016, $4.3 million of loans receivable were transferred to loans held for sale at fair value which
also represented the contract value at that time, and the loans were subsequently sold on July 7, 2016. The charge-offs related
to these loans accounted for a significant portion of total loan charge-offs of $6.5 million in the first nine months of 2016. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO      continued  

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses   

An allowance for loan losses is maintained
at a level deemed appropriate by management to adequately provide for known and inherent losses in the loan portfolio. The allowance
for loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to earnings.
Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent
recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

In evaluating the adequacy of the Company s
loan loss reserves, management identifies loans believed to be impaired. Impaired loans are those not likely to be repaid as to
principal and interest in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement. The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using
one of several methods, including collateral value, market value of similar debt, enterprise value, or liquidation value and discounted
cash flows. Reserves are maintained for each loan in which the principal balance of the loan exceeds the net present value of cash
flows. In addition to the specific allowance for individually reviewed loans, a general allowance for potential loan losses is
established based on management s review of the composition of the loan portfolio with the purpose of identifying any concentrations
of risk, and an analysis of historical loan charge-offs and recoveries. The final component of the allowance for loan losses incorporates
management s evaluation of current economic conditions and other risk factors which may impact the inherent losses in the
loan portfolio. These evaluations are highly subjective and require that a great degree of judgmental assumptions be made by management.
This component of the allowance for loan losses includes additional estimated reserves for internal factors such as changes in
lending staff, loan policy and underwriting guidelines, and loan seasoning and quality, and external factors such as national and
local economic trends and conditions. 

Based on management observation, judgment,
and experience, environmental factors used in the allowance for loan loss model were reassessed during the second quarter of 2016
for all loan classes. Management also determined that a look back period of twelve quarters would be more appropriate in light
of recent changes to the economy. The allowance was previously based on a six quarter look back period. The impact of the change
to the model resulted in a $2.1 million increase to the loan loss reserves as of the time of the change. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO  -   continued  

The following table details the activity within
our allowance for loan losses as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2015, by portfolio segment: 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO  -   continued  

Loan Performance and Asset Quality   

Generally, a loan will be placed on nonaccrual
status when it becomes 90 days past due as to principal or interest, or when management believes, after considering economic and
business conditions and collection efforts, that the borrower s financial condition is such that collection of the loan is
doubtful. When a loan is placed in nonaccrual status, interest accruals are discontinued and income earned but not collected is
reversed. Cash receipts on nonaccrual loans are not recorded as interest income, but are used to reduce principal. 

The following chart summarizes delinquencies
and nonaccruals, by portfolio class, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO  -   continued  

There were no loans outstanding 90 days or
more and still accruing interest at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO      continued  

The following table summarizes management s
internal credit risk grades, by portfolio class, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO  -   continued  

Loans graded one through four are considered
 pass  credits. As of September 30, 2016, $147.0 million, or 70.3% of the loan portfolio, had a credit grade of  minimal, 
 modest,   average  or  satisfactory.  For loans to qualify for these grades, they must be
performing relatively close to expectations, with no significant departures from the intended source and timing of repayment. 

Loans with a credit grade of  watch 
and  special mention  are not considered classified; however, they are categorized as a watch list credit and are considered
potential problem loans. This classification is utilized when there is an initial concern about the financial health of a borrower. 
These loans are designated as such in order to be monitored more closely than other credits in the portfolio.  Loans on the
watch list are not considered problem loans until they are determined by management to be classified as substandard. As of September
30, 2016, loans with a credit grade of  watch  and  special mention  totaled $43.5 million. Watch list
loans are considered potential problem loans and are monitored as they may develop into problem loans in the future.  

Loans graded  substandard  or greater
are considered classified credits. At September 30, 2016, classified loans totaled $18.7 million, with $18.3 million being collateralized
by real estate. This includes $11.7 million in troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ), of which $11.6 million were performing
as expected under the new terms and $109 thousand were considered to be nonperforming. Classified credits are evaluated for impairment
on a quarterly basis. Loans showing improvement may be upgraded to  watch . 

The Bank identifies impaired loans through
its normal internal loan review process. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable
that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due, according to the contractual terms
of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and
the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis
by calculating either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the
loan s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Any resultant shortfall
is charged to provision for loan losses and is classified as a specific reserve. When an impaired loan is ultimately charged-off,
the charge-off is taken against the specific reserve. 

Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous
loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Impaired consumer and residential loans are identified for impairment disclosures,
however, it is policy to individually evaluate for impairment all loans with a credit grade of  substandard  or greater
that have an outstanding balance of $50 thousand or greater, and all loans with a credit grade of  special mention 
that have outstanding principal balance of $100 thousand or greater. 

Impaired loans are valued on a nonrecurring
basis at the lower of cost or market value of the underlying collateral or based on the net present value of cash flows. For loans
valued based on collateral, market values were obtained using independent appraisals, updated every 18 to 24 months, in accordance
with our reappraisal policy, or other market data such as recent offers to the borrower. At September 30, 2016, the recorded investment
in impaired loans was $23.3 million, compared to $33.9 million at December 31, 2015. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to UNAUDITED Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO  -   continued  

The following chart details our impaired loans,
which includes TDRs totaling $20.9 million and $29.1 million, by category, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively: 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO  -   continued  

TDRs are loans which have been restructured
from their original contractual terms and include concessions that would not otherwise have been granted outside of the financial
difficulty of the borrower. We only restructure loans for borrowers in financial difficulty that have designed a viable business
plan to fully pay off all obligations, including outstanding debt, interest and fees, either by generating additional income from
the business or through liquidation of assets. Generally, these loans are restructured to provide the borrower additional time
to execute upon their plans. 

With respect to restructured loans, we grant
concessions by (1) reduction of the stated interest rate for the remaining original life of the debt, or (2) extension of the maturity
date at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk. We do not generally grant concessions
through forgiveness of principal or accrued interest. Restructured loans where a concession has been granted through extension
of the maturity date generally include extension of payments in an interest only period, extension of payments with capitalized
interest and extension of payments through a forbearance agreement. These extended payment terms are also combined with a reduction
of the stated interest rate in certain cases. 

Success in restructuring loans has been mixed
but it has proven to be a useful tool in certain situations to protect collateral values and allow certain borrowers additional
time to execute upon defined business plans. In situations where a TDR is unsuccessful and the borrower is unable to follow through
with terms of the restructured agreement, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status and continues to be written down to the underlying
collateral value. 

Our policy with respect to accrual of interest
on loans restructured in a TDR follows relevant supervisory guidance. That is, if a borrower has demonstrated performance under
the previous loan terms and shows capacity to perform under the restructured loan terms, continued accrual of interest at the restructured
interest rate is likely. If a borrower was materially delinquent on payments prior to the restructuring but shows capacity to meet
the restructured loan terms, the loan will likely continue as nonaccrual going forward. Lastly, if the borrower does not perform
under the restructured terms, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status. 

We will continue to closely monitor these loans
and will cease accruing interest on them if management believes that the borrowers may not continue performing based on the restructured
note terms. If, after previously being classified as a TDR, a loan is restructured a second time, then that loan is automatically
placed on nonaccrual status. Our policy with respect to nonperforming loans requires the borrower to make a minimum of six consecutive
payments in accordance with the loan terms before that loan can be placed back on accrual status. Further, the borrower must show
capacity to continue performing into the future prior to restoration of accrual status. We believe that all of our modified loans
meet the definition of a TDR. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO      continued  

The following is a summary of information pertaining to our TDRs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The following tables summarize how loans that were considered TDRs
were modified during the periods indicated: 

For the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, fourteen loans were modified that were considered to be TDRs. Term concessions only were granted for
seven loans; term and interest concessions were granted for two loans; term and payment deferrals were granted for one loan; term,
payment deferrals and interest concessions were granted for one loan; principal was forgiven on two loans; and other concessions
were extended for one loan. 

Nine modified loans
that were considered to be TDRs during the first nine months of 2016 were sold during the third quarter of 2016, two of which subsequently
defaulted and are included in the above table. 

(1)   Loans past due 90
days or more are considered to be in default. 

For the Three Months ended September 30, 2016  

(Dollars in thousands)    
          
     TDRs identified in the last twelve  

TDRs identified during the period    
       months that subsequently defaulted (1)     

Pre-    
     Post    
          
     Pre-    
     Post-  

modification    
     modification    
          
     modification    
     modification  

Number    
     outstanding    
     outstanding    
     Number    
     outstanding    
     outstanding  

of    
     recorded    
     recorded    
     of    
     recorded    
     recorded  

contracts    
     investment    
     investment    
     contracts    
     investment    
     investment  
 
     Commercial real estate    
        1       
     $  167       
     $  167       
                  
     $            
     $          
 
     Residential    

1       
        59       
        59     
 
     Commercial    

1       
        30       
        30     
 
     Consumer    

Total    
        1       
     $  167       
     $  167       
        2       
     $  89       
     $  89     

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, one loan was modified that was considered to be a TDR. Term and interest concessions were granted for
the loan. 

(1)   Loans past due 90 days or more are considered
to be in default. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO      continued  

For the Nine Months ended September 30, 2015  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, 15 loans were modified that were considered to be TDRs. Term
concessions only were granted for four loans; payment deferrals only were granted for four loans; interest concessions only were
granted for one loan; term and payment deferrals were granted for four loans; and term, payment deferrals and interest concessions
were granted for two loans. 

(1)   Loans past due 90
days or more are considered to be in default. 

For the Three Months ended September 30, 2015  

(Dollars in thousands)    
          
     TDRs identified in the last twelve  

TDRs identified during the period    
       months that subsequently defaulted (1)     

Pre-    
     Post    
          
     Pre-    
     Post-  

modification    
     modification    
          
     modification    
     modification  

Number    
     outstanding    
     outstanding    
     Number    
     outstanding    
     outstanding  

of    
     recorded    
     recorded    
     of    
     recorded    
     recorded  

contracts    
     investment    
     investment    
     contracts    
     investment    
     investment  

Commercial real estate    
        2       
     $  202       
     $  202       
                  
     $            
     $          
 
     Residential    
        2       
        223       
        223       
        1       
        116       
        116     
 
     Commercial    

Consumer    
        2       
        4       
        4       

Total    
        6       
     $  429       
     $  429       
        1       
     $  116       
     $  116     

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2015, six loans were modified that were considered to be TDRs. Term concessions only were granted for two loans;
payment deferrals only were granted for three loans; and interest concessions only were granted for one loan. 

(1)   Loans past due 90 days or more are considered
to be in default. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 4 - LOAN PORTFOLIO  -   continued  

Portions of the allowance for loan losses may
be allocated for specific loans or portfolio segments. However, the entire allowance for loan losses is available for any loan
that, in management s judgment, should be charged-off. While management utilizes the best judgment and information available
to it, the ultimate adequacy of the allowance for loan losses depends on a variety of factors beyond our control, including the
performance of our loan portfolio, the economy, changes in interest rates, and the view of the regulatory authorities toward loan
classifications. If delinquencies and defaults increase, we may be required to increase our provision for loan losses, which would
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that charge-offs of loans in future
periods will not exceed the allowance for loan losses as estimated at any point in time or that provisions for loan losses will
not be significant to a particular accounting period. 

The Company is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments
include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of
credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheets. 

The Company s exposure to credit loss
in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters
of credit is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies
in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. 

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments
issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters
of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The fair value of standby letters of credit
is insignificant. 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have
fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitments are expected
to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company
evaluates each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary
by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation of the counter-party. 

Collateral held for commitments to extend credit
and standby letters of credit varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant, equipment, and income-producing
commercial properties. The following table summarizes the Company s off-balance sheet financial instruments whose contract
amounts represent credit risk: 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 5   OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED   

The following table shows transactions in OREO for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 and the
year ended December 31, 2015: 

Increased write-downs were taken during the
first nine months of 2016 in an effort to expedite sales to reduce nonperforming assets. 

NOTE 6 - ADVANCES FROM THE FEDERAL
HOME LOAN BANK  

Advances from the FHLB consisted of the
following at September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2016, we had advances totaling
$17.0 million with various interest rates and maturity dates. Interest on all advances is at a fixed rate and payable quarterly.
Convertible advances are callable by the FHLB on their respective call dates. The Company has the option to either repay any advance
that has been called or to refinance the advance as a convertible advance. 

At  September 30, 2016, the Company
had pledged as collateral for FHLB advances approximately $2.9 million of one-to-four family first mortgage loans, $1.3 million
of commercial real estate loans, $4.0 million in home equity lines of credit, and $19.2 million of agency and private issue mortgage-backed
securities. The Company has an investment in FHLB stock of $1.1 million. The Company has $8.9 million in excess borrowing capacity
with the FHLB that is available if liquidity needs should arise. As a result of negative financial performance indicators, there
is also a risk that the Bank s ability to borrow from the FHLB could be curtailed or eliminated, although to date the
Bank has not been denied advances from the FHLB or had to pledge additional collateral for its borrowings.  

As of September 30, 2016, scheduled principal
reductions include $12.0 million in 2018 and $5.0 million in 2019. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 7   JUNIOR SUBORDINATED
DEBENTURES  

On December 21, 2004, the Trust issued $6.0
million floating rate trust preferred securities with a maturity of December 31, 2034. In accordance with current accounting standards,
the Trust has not been consolidated in these financial statements. The Company received from the Trust the $6.0 million proceeds
from the issuance of the securities and the $186 thousand initial proceeds from the capital investment in the Trust and, accordingly,
has shown the funds due to the Trust as a $6.2 million junior subordinated debenture offset by debt issuance costs. The current
regulatory rules allow certain amounts of junior subordinated debentures to be included in the calculation of regulatory capital. 

The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond
prohibited the Company from paying interest due on the trust preferred securities beginning February 2011 and as a result, the
Company had deferred interest payments in the amount of approximately $958 thousand due and payable at the time of redemption on
April 11, 2016, as described below. 

As described in Note
1 to our financial statements, on February 29, 2016, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Alesco for the
repurchase of all the trust preferred securities for an aggregate cash payment of $600 thousand plus reimbursement of attorneys 
fees and other expenses incurred by Alesco not to exceed $25 thousand. Alesco also agreed to forgive any and all unpaid interest
on the trust preferred securities. 

 On March 16, 2016, the
Company received a notice of default from The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., in its capacity as trustee, relating
to the trust preferred securities. The notice of default related specifically to the Indenture dated December 21, 2004, by and
among the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., successor-in-interest to JP Morgan Chase Bank, National
Association, under which the Company issued the trust preferred securities. As permitted by the Indenture, the Company previously
exercised its right to defer interest payments on the trust preferred securities for 20 consecutive quarterly payment periods.
The Company s right to defer such interest payments expired on March 15, 2016, at which time all deferred payments of interest
became due and payable. The Company did not pay such deferred interest at the end of the permitted deferral period, constituting
an event of default under the Indenture, and therefore pursuant to the Indenture, the trustee provided this notice of default.
However, under the Indenture, the principal amount of the trust preferred securities, together with any premium and unpaid accrued
interest, would only become due upon such an event of default if the trustee or Alesco declared such amounts due and payable by
written notice to the Company. 

 On April 11, 2016, immediately following the
closing of the 2016 private placement, the Company repurchased all of the outstanding trust preferred securities for $600 thousand,
plus reimbursement of approximately $17 thousand in third party legal expenses. The redemption gain realized on this settlement
was approximately $6.3 million. 

The redemption consisted of the following ( in
thousands ): 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 8 - SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES  

On July 31, 2010, the Company completed
a private placement of subordinated promissory notes that totaled $12.1 million. The notes bore interest at a rate equal to the
current Prime Rate in effect, as published by the Wall Street Journal, plus 3%; provided, that the rate of interest shall not be
less than 8% per annum or more than 12% per annum. The subordinated notes were structured to fully count as Tier 2 regulatory capital
on a consolidated basis. 

 The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond
prohibited the Company from paying interest due on the subordinated notes beginning October 2011 and, as a result, the Company
had deferred interest payments in the amount of approximately $5.3 million at the time of redemption on April 11, 2016, as described
below. 

 During 2013, $1.0 million of the subordinated
notes were canceled by the holder as part of a settlement of litigation between the holder, the Bank, and the Company. The Company
was obligated to contribute capital in this amount to the Bank when it was able and did so immediately following the closing of
the 2016 private placement. The forgiveness of this debt was recognized in 2013 as noninterest income in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

 Effective as of September 16, 2015,
the Company, the Bank, and certain other defendants entered into a class action settlement agreement in potential settlement of
the putative class action lawsuit initiated by three holders of the Company s subordinated promissory notes, on behalf of
themselves and as representatives of a class of similarly situated purchasers of the Company s subordinated promissory notes,
with respect to alleged wrongful conduct associated with purchases of the subordinated promissory notes, including fraud, violation
of state securities statutes, and negligence. On March 2, 2016, the Court of Common Pleas for the Fifteenth Judicial District,
State of South Carolina, County of Horry entered a final order of approval approving the class action settlement agreement. 

 On April 11, 2016, immediately following the
closing of the 2016 private placement, the Company established a settlement fund of approximately $2.4 million, which represented
20% of the principal of subordinated promissory notes issued by the Company. The proceeds of the fund were used to redeem the subordinated
promissory notes held by class members. Also on April 11, 2016, the Company settled, pursuant to previously executed binding settlement
agreements, with the subordinated promissory note holders who opted out of the class action settlement. These settlements, including
the class action settlement, constituted the full satisfaction of the principal and interest owed on, and required the immediate
dismissal of all pending litigation related to, the respective subordinated promissory notes. In each case, the Company and the
Bank also obtained a full and complete release of all claims asserted or that could have been asserted with respect to the subordinated
promissory notes. The redemption gain realized on this settlement was approximately $12.8 million. 

The redemption consisted of the following ( in
thousands ): 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 9 - SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY
AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS  

Preferred Stock   

Series T   - In March 2009, in
connection with the CPP, the Company issued to the U.S. Treasury 12,895 shares of the Company s Series T preferred stock.
The Series T preferred stock had a dividend rate of 5% for the first five years and 9% thereafter, and had a call feature after
three years. 

In connection with the sale of the Series T
preferred stock, the Company also issued to the U.S. Treasury the CPP Warrant to purchase up to 91,714 shares of the Company s
common stock at an initial exercise price of $21.09 per share. 

The Series T preferred stock and the CPP Warrant
were sold to the U.S. Treasury for an aggregate purchase price of $12.9 million in cash. The purchase price was allocated between
the Series T preferred stock and the CPP Warrant based upon the relative fair values of each to arrive at the amounts recorded
by the Company. This resulted in the Series T preferred stock being issued at a discount which was amortized on a level yield basis
as a charge to retained earnings over an assumed life of five years. 

As required under the CPP, dividend payments
on and repurchases of the Company s common stock were subject to certain restrictions. For as long as the Series T preferred
stock was outstanding, no dividends could be declared or paid on the Company s common stock until all accrued and unpaid
dividends on the Series T preferred stock were fully paid. In addition, the U.S. Treasury s consent was required for any
increase in dividends on common stock before the third anniversary of issuance of the Series T preferred stock and for any repurchase
of any common stock except for repurchases of common shares in connection with benefit plans. 

Beginning in February 2011, the Federal Reserve
Bank of Richmond required the Company to defer dividend payments on the 12,895 shares of the Series T preferred stock. Therefore,
for each quarterly period beginning in February 2011, the Company notified the U.S. Treasury of its deferral of quarterly dividend
payments on the Series T preferred stock. The amount of each of the Company s quarterly interest payments was approximately
$161 thousand through March 2014 and then increased to $290 thousand. At the time the shares were repurchased on April 12, 2016,
as described below, the Company had $5.1 million of deferred dividend payments due on the Series T preferred stock, $398 thousand
of which had previously been shown as accrued preferred dividends on the Company s statement of operations for 2016. 

On April 12, 2016, the Company repurchased
all 12,895 shares of the outstanding Series T preferred stock from the U.S. Treasury for $129 thousand. The U.S. Treasury also
canceled the CPP Warrant. The redemption gain realized on this settlement was approximately $13.8 million and was recorded as capital
surplus. 

Series A     As previously
disclosed, on April 1, 2016, the Company designated 905,316 shares of the Company s authorized but unissued preferred stock
as shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock. As discussed in Note 1, the Company issued 905,316 shares of its Series
A stock at $10.00 per share in the 2016 private placement. 

Non-Voting Common Stock   

On August 23, 2016, the Company filed Articles of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation
to authorize a class of 150,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock. Also on August 23, 2016, the Company converted 905,316 shares
of issued and outstanding Series A preferred stock into 90,531,557 shares of non-voting common stock. The 905,316 shares of Series
A preferred stock converted into 90,531,557 shares of non-voting common stock represented all of the issued and outstanding shares
of Series A preferred stock on such date and, as a result, all shares of the Series A preferred stock are no longer outstanding
and resumed the status of authorized and unissued shares of the Company s preferred stock. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 9 - SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS  
 - continued  

Restrictions on Dividends   

Under the terms of the Written Agreement, the Company is currently prohibited from declaring or paying any
dividends without the prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. In addition, because the Company is a legal
entity separate and distinct from the Bank and has little direct income itself, the Company relies on dividends paid to it by the
Bank in order to pay dividends on its common stock. As a South Carolina state bank, the Bank may only pay dividends out of its
net profits, after deducting expenses, including losses and bad debts. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act ( FDICIA ),
the Bank may not pay a dividend if, after paying the dividend, the Bank would be undercapitalized. In addition, regulatory restrictions
remain following the termination of the Consent Order that prohibit the Bank from paying dividends without the prior approval of
the FDIC and State Board. 

Regulatory Capital   

The Company and the Bank are subject to various
regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can
initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities,
and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classifications
are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation
to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum ratios of Tier 1 and total capital as a percentage
of assets and off-balance sheet exposures, adjusted for risk weights ranging from 0% to 1250%. Tier 1 capital consists of common
shareholders  equity, excluding the unrealized gain or loss on securities available-for-sale, minus certain intangible assets.
Tier 2 capital consists of the allowance for loan losses subject to certain limitations. Total capital for purposes of computing
the capital ratios consists of the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. The Company and the Bank are also required to maintain capital
at a minimum level based on quarterly average assets, which is known as the leverage ratio. 

In July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that has revised their risk-based capital
requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with certain standards that were developed
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ( Basel III ) and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ). The final rule applies to all depository institutions, such as
the Bank, top-tier bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $1 billion or more, and top-tier savings and loan holding
companies, which we refer to below as  covered  banking organizations. Bank holding companies with less than $1 billion
in total consolidated assets, such as the Company, are not subject to the final rule. Effective March 31, 2015, the Bank was required
to implement the new Basel III capital standards (subject to the phase in for certain parts of the new rules). 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 9 - SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS  
 - continued  

The approved rule includes a new minimum ratio
of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ( CET1 ) of 4.5% and a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%
of risk-weighted assets, which when fully phased-in, effectively results in a minimum CET1 ratio of 7.0%. Basel III also raises
the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4.0% to 6.0% (which, with the capital conservation buffer, effectively
results in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% when fully phased-in), effectively results in a minimum total capital to risk-weighted
assets ratio of 10.5% (with the capital conservation buffer fully phased-in), and requires a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0%. Basel
III also makes changes to the risk weights for certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures. Finally, CET1 includes accumulated
other comprehensive income (which includes all unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt and equity securities), subject
to a transition period and a one-time opt-out election. The Bank elected to opt-out of this provision. As such, accumulated comprehensive
income is not included in the Bank s Tier 1 capital. 

The new capital conservation buffer began its
phase-in period on January 1, 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and will increase each subsequent year by an additional 0.625%
until reaching its final level of 2.5% on January 1, 2019, as discussed above. The Bank had sufficient capital to meet the new
conservation buffer requirements at September 30, 2016. 

To be considered  well-capitalized, 
a bank must maintain total risk-based capital of at least 10%, Tier 1 capital of at least 6%, and a leverage ratio of at least
5%. To be considered  adequately capitalized  under these capital guidelines, a bank must maintain a minimum total
risk-based capital of 8%, with at least 4% being Tier 1 capital. Although the Bank is no longer subject to the Consent Order as
of its termination on October 26, 2016, the Bank must continue to maintain a Tier 1 capital at least equal to 8% and total risk-based
capital at least equal to 10%. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company exceeded its minimum regulatory capital requirements.  While
the Bank could not be considered  well capitalized  at September 30, 2016 due to the Consent Order (which was subsequently
terminated on October 26, 2016), as a result of the 2016 private placement, the Bank met all of the capital requirements set forth
under the Consent Order as of September 30, 2016.  

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 9 - SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY AND CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS  
 - continued  

The following table summarizes the capital ratios and the regulatory minimum requirements for the Company
and the Bank as of the dates indicated. 

(1)  Minimum capital amounts and ratios presented as of  September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are amounts to be well-capitalized under the various regulatory capital requirements administered
by the FDIC. On February 10, 2011, the Bank became subject to a regulatory Consent Order with the FDIC and the State Board. Minimum
capital amounts and ratios presented for the Bank as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, are the minimum levels set forth
in the Consent Order. No minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio was specified in the Consent Order. Although the
Bank is no longer subject to the Consent Order as of its termination on October 26, 2016, the Bank must continue to maintain Tier
1 capital at least equal to 8% and total risk-based capital at least equal to 10%.  

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 10   INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE

Weighted average shares outstanding for the nine and three month periods ended September 30, 2016 excludes
27,750,000 shares of unvested restricted stock. There were no unvested shares of restricted stock outstanding for the nine and
three month periods ended September 30, 2015. For the nine and three month periods ended  September
30, 2015, there were 91,714 common stock equivalents outstanding. These common stock equivalents were not included in the computation
of diluted loss per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive.   

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 11   STOCK COMPENSATION  

Summary   

On July 28, 2016, the shareholders of the Company approved the HCSB Financial Corporation 2016 Equity Incentive
Plan (the  Plan ) that provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards
and other equity awards to the Company s officers, employees, directors, advisors and consultants. A total of 30,000,000
shares of voting common stock have been reserved for the issuance of awards under the Plan, all of which may be issued as stock
options (including incentive stock options), restricted stock or restricted stock units, subject to the anti-dilution provisions
of the Plan. The Board of Directors has appointed the Compensation Committee as the administrator of the Plan. 

Stock Options   

The Plan requires that stock options can only be issued at or above
the fair market value per share on the date of grant. Stock options granted to participants under the Plan may be either incentive
stock options or Nonqualified Options. Stock options entitle the recipient to purchase shares of common stock at the exercise price
specified in the award agreement. The administrator at its discretion determines the number of option shares, the term of the option,
the exercise price (subject to the minimum price described above), the vesting schedule and performance conditions (if any), and
any other terms and conditions. In the case of 10% shareholders who receive incentive stock options, the exercise price may not
be less than 110% of the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. An exception to each of these requirements
may be made for options that the Company may grant in substitution for options held by employees of companies that the Company
acquires. In such a case, the exercise price is adjusted to preserve the economic value of the employee s stock option from
his or her former employer. 

The Compensation Committee will determine the periods during which
the options will be exercisable. However, no option will be exercisable more than 10 years after the date of grant. Payment of
the exercise price of any option may be made in cash or cash equivalent, as determined by the Compensation Committee, to the extent
permitted by law (i) by means of any cashless exercise procedure approved by the Compensation Committee, (ii) by delivering shares
of common stock already owned by the option holder, (iii) by such other method as the Compensation Committee may determine, or
(iv) any combination of the foregoing. 

Restricted Stock   

Restricted stock consists of shares of common stock which are granted
to the participant, subject to certain restrictions against disposition and certain obligations to forfeit such shares to the Company
under certain circumstances. The restrictions, which may be different for each award, will be determined by the Compensation Committee
in its sole discretion. Restricted stock awarded under the Plan will be represented by a book entry registered in the name of the
participant. Unless otherwise provided in an agreement, the participant will have the right to receive dividends, if any, with
respect to such shares of restricted stock, to vote such shares and to enjoy all other shareholder rights, except that the participant
may not sell, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of the restricted stock until the restrictions have expired. A breach of the
terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee pursuant to an award will cause a forfeiture of the award. The Compensation
Committee expects that participants generally will not be required to make any payment for common stock received pursuant to an
award, except to the extent otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee or required by law. 

Restricted Stock Units   

Restricted stock units are similar to restricted stock awards in
that the value of a restricted stock unit is denominated in shares of stock. However, unlike a restricted stock award, restricted
stock units are a mere promise by the Company to grant stock at a specified point in the future, and no shares of stock are transferred
to the participant until certain requirements or conditions associated with the award are satisfied. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 11   STOCK COMPENSATION 
 -  continued   

Stock Compensation Activity   

On August 18, 2016, the Compensation Committee awarded 27,750,000 shares of restricted stock. Subject to earlier
forfeiture or accelerated vesting under circumstances described in the applicable Restricted Stock Award Agreements, the restricted
shares vest ratably over a five year period, subject to the Company s achievement of certain performance-based and time-based
vesting conditions prior to the applicable vesting date. The performance-based conditions are (i) the removal of the Consent
Order, and (ii) the reporting of two consecutive quarters of consolidated net income. 

The following summarizes non-vested restricted stock activity for
the period ( dollars in thousands except per share amounts ): 

The fair value of the restricted stock awards is amortized to compensation
expense over their respective vesting periods and is based on the market price of the Company s common stock at the date
of grant multiplied by the number of shares granted that are expected to vest. Total shares of restricted stock granted under the
Plan is 27,750,000. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE  

Fair Value Hierarchy   

Fair value is the exchange price that would
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset
or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific
point in time based on relevant market and other information about the financial instruments. Because no market exists for a significant
portion of the Company s financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on current economic conditions, risk characteristics
of various financial instruments, and such other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and
matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect
the estimates. Accounting principles establish a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. There are three levels of inputs that may be used
to measure fair value: 

Level 1   
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 1 assets and liabilities include debt and equity securities and derivative contracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as U.S. Treasuries and money market funds.   

Level 2      
      Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are traded less frequently than exchange-traded instruments, mortgage-backed securities, municipal bonds, corporate debt securities, and derivative contracts whose value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. This category generally includes certain derivative contracts and impaired loans.   

Level 3   
      Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. For example, this category generally includes certain private equity investments, retained residual interests in securitizations, residential mortgage servicing rights, and highly-structured or long-term derivative contracts.   

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE   -  continued  

Financial Instruments   

The following methods and assumptions were
used to estimate the fair value of significant financial instruments: 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  - The carrying
amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Securities Available-for-Sale  - Investment
securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices,
if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based
valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment
assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. 

Nonmarketable Equity Securities  - The
carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value since no ready market exists for these securities. 

Loans Receivable  - For certain categories
of loans, such as variable rate loans which are repriced frequently and have no significant change in credit risk, fair values
are based on the carrying amounts. The fair value of other types of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using
the current rates at which similar loans would be made to the borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining
maturities. 

Deposits  - The fair value of demand
deposits, savings, and money market accounts is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair values of certificates
of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies current interest rates to a schedule of aggregated
expected maturities. 

Repurchase Agreements    The carrying
value of these instruments is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank 
- For the portion of borrowings immediately callable, fair value is based on the carrying amount. The fair value of the portion
maturing at a later date is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the interest rate of the immediately
callable portion to the portion maturing at the future date. 

Subordinated Debentures  - The Company
is unable to determine the fair value of these debentures. 

Junior Subordinated Debentures  - The
Company is unable to determine the fair value of these debentures. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financial Instruments 
- The contractual amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value for the instruments because commitments to extend credit and standby
letters of credit are issued on a short-term or floating rate basis and include no unusual credit risks. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE   -  continued  

The carrying values and estimated fair values
of the Company s financial instruments were as follows: 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE   -  continued  

* The Company is unable to determine this value. 

Fair Value Measurements   

Following is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets
and liabilities recorded at fair value. 

Securities Available-for-Sale  - Investment
securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based upon quoted prices,
if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are measured using independent pricing models or other model-based
valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment
assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions. Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange, such
as the New York Stock Exchange, U.S. Treasury securities that are traded by dealers or brokers in active over-the-counter markets
and money market funds. Level 2 securities include mortgage-backed securities issued by government sponsored entities, municipal
bonds and corporate debt securities. Securities classified as Level 3 include asset-backed securities in less liquid markets. All
available-for-sale investment security fair values were based on quoted market prices and therefore classified as Level 2 for the
periods presented. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE   -  continued  

Loans  - The Company does not record
loans at fair value on a recurring basis, however, from time to time, a loan is considered impaired and an allowance for loan loss
is established. Loans for which it is probable that payment of interest and principal will not be made in accordance with the contractual
terms of the loan are considered impaired. Once a loan is identified as individually impaired, management measures impairment.
The fair value of impaired loans is estimated using one of several methods, including the collateral value, market value of similar
debt and discounted cash flows. Those impaired loans not requiring a specific allowance represents loans for which the fair value
of expected repayments or collateral exceed the recorded investment in such loans. The fair value of Impaired Loans is generally
based on judgment and therefore classified as nonrecurring Level 3. 

Other Real Estate Owned  - OREO is adjusted
to fair value upon transfer of the loans to OREO. Real estate acquired in settlement of loans is recorded initially at estimated
fair value of the property less estimated selling costs at the date of foreclosure. The initial recorded value may be subsequently
reduced by additional allowances, which are charges to earnings if the estimated fair value of the property less estimated selling
costs declines below the initial recorded value. Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of the collateral
or management s estimation of the value of the collateral. The fair value of OREO is generally based on judgment and therefore
is classified as nonrecurring Level 3. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair
Value on a Recurring Basis   

The tables below present the balances of assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of and for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, by level within the fair value hierarchy. 

The Company has no liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE   -  continued  

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair
Value on a Nonrecurring Basis   

Certain assets and liabilities are measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject
to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). The following tables present
the assets and liabilities carried on the balance sheet by caption and by level within the valuation hierarchy described above
for which a nonrecurring change in fair value has been recorded during the periods ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The Company has no liabilities measured at
fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

Level 3 Valuation Methodologies   

 The fair value of impaired loans is
estimated using one of several methods, including collateral value and discounted cash flows and, in rare cases, the market value
of the note. Those impaired loans not requiring an allowance represent loans for which the net present value of the expected cash
flows or fair value of the collateral less costs to sell exceed the recorded investments in such loans. When the fair value of
the collateral is based on an executed sales contract with an independent third party, the Company records the impaired loans as
nonrecurring Level 1. If the collateral is based on another observable market price or a current appraised value, the Company records
the impaired loans as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or the Company determines the fair value of
the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable market price, the Company records the impaired
loan as nonrecurring Level 3. Impaired loans can be evaluated for impairment using the present value of expected future cash flows
discounted at the loan s effective interest rate. Impaired loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis
for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE   -  continued  

Foreclosed real estate is carried at
fair value less estimated selling costs. Fair value is generally based upon current appraisals, comparable sales, and other estimates
of value obtained principally from independent sources, adjusted for selling costs. When the fair value of the collateral is based
on an observable market price or a current appraised value, the Company records the asset as nonrecurring Level 2. However, the
Company also considers other factors or recent developments which could result in adjustments to the collateral value estimates
indicated in the appraisals such as changes in absorption rates or market conditions from the time of valuation. In situations
where management adjustments are significant to the fair value measurements in its entirety, such measurements are classified as
Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy. 

 The following table presents quantitative information
about level 3 fair value measurements for financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at September 30,
2016. Management believes the weighted average range of adjustments to be appropriate. As discussed previously, depressed real
estate values in the areas we serve may cause larger adjustments from time to time. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 12 - FAIR VALUE   -  continued  

The following table presents quantitative information
about level 3 fair value measurements for financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31,
2015. Management believes the weighted average range of adjustments to be appropriate. As discussed previously, depressed real
estate values in the areas we serve may cause larger adjustments from time to time. 

NOTE 13 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

In the ordinary course of business, the Company
may, from time to time, become a party to legal claims and disputes. At September 30, 2016, the Company is party to several court
actions and investigations as discussed in detail in  Legal Proceedings  under Part II, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

The Company and the Bank have engaged legal
counsel and intend to vigorously defend themselves in all actions. The ultimate outcomes of all referenced actions are unknown
at this time and reasonably possible losses cannot be estimated. 

HCSB FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

N otes
to unaudited CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 14   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

Subsequent events are events or transactions
that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. Recognized subsequent events are events or
transactions that provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet, including the estimates
inherent in the process of preparing financial statements. Nonrecognized subsequent events are events that provide evidence about
conditions that did not exist at the date of the balance sheet but arose after that date. Management has reviewed events occurring
through the date the financial statements were issued and no subsequent events occurred requiring accrual or disclosure that are
not otherwise disclosed herein. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION 

 AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

INTRODUCTION  

The following discussion describes our results
of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2015, and also analyzes our financial condition as of September 30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015. The following
discussion and analysis also identifies significant factors that have affected our financial position and operating results during
the periods included in the accompanying financial statements. We encourage you to read this discussion and analysis in conjunction
with our financial statements and the other statistical information included in our filings with the SEC. 

OVERVIEW  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company had net income of $4.8 million compared to $163 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. After closing
the 2016 private placement of its common stock and Series A preferred stock in the second quarter of 2016, the Company redeemed
its subordinated promissory notes and its junior subordinated debentures and recognized a net gain on the redemption of $19.1 million.
This gain was partially offset by a provision for loan losses of $5.0 million, write-downs of OREO of $5.6 million and an income
tax expense of $920 thousand. 

Total assets at September 30, 2016 were $381.1
million, an increase of $19.7 million from $361.4 million at December 31, 2015. Cash and cash equivalents increased by $9.0 million
and securities available-for-sale increased $21.9 million primarily from the investment of proceeds from the 2016 private placement.
Net loans receivable decreased by $266 thousand. The sale of $4.3 million of nonperforming loans was offset by increased loan growth
in the third quarter of 2016. OREO decreased by $9.6 million from year-end as a result of write-downs and sales. Increased write-downs
were taken during the first nine months of 2016 in an effort to expedite sales to reduce nonperforming assets. Total liabilities
decreased $29.2 million as proceeds from the 2016 private placement were used to redeem the subordinated promissory notes and the
junior subordinated debentures including related accrued interest payable. Time deposits decreased $23.5 million while other deposit
accounts aggregately increased $16.0 million. 

The closing of the 2016 private placement along
with the gain realized on the redemption of subordinated promissory notes and the junior subordinated debentures provided a shareholders 
equity of $36.6 million as of September 30, 2016 compared to a shareholders  deficit of $12.3 million at December 31, 2015. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Results of Operations for the Nine Months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015  

The Company experienced a decrease of $1.3
million in total interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. A decrease in interest, including fees, on our loan
portfolio of $1.1 million, or 12.9%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30,
2015 combined with a decrease in interest income on our securities available-for-sale of $228 thousand contributed to the decrease.
The redemption of the subordinated promissory notes and the junior subordinated debentures along with declines in rates and volume
in time deposits resulted in a decrease to total interest expense of $1.1 million, or 31.4%, for the nine month period in 2016
compared to the nine month period in 2015. Net interest income decreased $186 thousand for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The provision for loan losses is charged to
earnings based upon management s evaluation of specific loans in its portfolio and general economic conditions and trends
in the marketplace. Please refer to the section  Loan Portfolio  for a discussion of management s evaluation
of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. During the second quarter of 2016, management reevaluated the allowance model,
as discussed in  Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses,  which resulted in an increase of $2.1 million at the time of the
change. 

The Bank sold $4.3 million of nonaccrual loans
on July 7, 2016. The charge-offs related to these loans accounted for a significant portion of total loan charge-offs of $6.5 million
in the first nine months of 2016. A provision of $5.0 million was recorded for the first nine months of 2016. No provision was
considered necessary for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. Loan charge-offs for the first nine months of 2015 were
$1.9 million. 

Noninterest income increased $17.5 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015. The Company recognized a gain of $19.1 million related
to the redemption of its subordinated promissory notes and its junior subordinated debentures which is discussed in Notes 7 and
8. This gain was partially offset by a loss on sale of loans of $224 thousand and lower gains on the sales of securities available
for sale compared to the prior period. During the third quarter of 2015, the Company recognized a gain of $736 thousand on the
sale of three branches. Most of the other components of noninterest income also decreased. 

Noninterest expense increased from $9.6 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $16.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net cost of operations
of OREO increased $5.8 million. The Company recognized significant write-downs on its OREO properties in an effort to expedite
sales to reduce nonperforming assets. 

The Company also recognized an income tax expense
of $920 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $67 thousand for the prior year period. 

Results of Operations for the Three Months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

Net loss for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was $1.8 million compared to a net income of $403 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The Company
recorded write-downs on OREO properties of $1.3 million during the third quarter of 2016 and recognized a loss on sale of loans
of $224 thousand compared to a gain of $736 thousand recognized from the branch sale in 2015. 

Interest income decreased $446 thousand for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016 when compared with the same period in 2015. Lower rates and lower average volume contributed
to the reduction. Interest expense also decreased by $437 thousand, or 39.6%, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 when compared
to the same period in 2015 primarily due to the redemption of the subordinated promissory notes and the junior subordinated debentures.
Net interest income decreased by $9 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

No provision for loan losses was recognized
during either quarter. 

Noninterest income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $334 thousand compared to $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net gains realized
on sales of available-for-sale securities were $153 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $20 thousand
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The Company recognized a loss on sale of assets of $222 thousand during the third
quarter of 2016 compared to a gain of $736 thousand recognized on the sale of three branches during the third quarter of 2015.
Most of the other components of noninterest income also declined. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
noninterest expense was $4.6 million compared to $3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was substantially
related to the OREO write-downs discussed above. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION  

Investment Portfolio  

Management classifies investment securities
as either held-to-maturity or available-for-sale based on our intentions and the Company s ability to hold them until maturity.
In determining such classifications, securities that management has the positive intent and the Company has the ability to hold
until maturity are classified as held-to-maturity and carried at amortized cost. All other securities are designated as available-for-sale
and carried at estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in shareholders  equity on an after-tax basis.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all securities were classified as available-for-sale. 

The portfolio of available-for-sale securities
increased $21.9 million, or 24.4%, from $89.7 million at December 31, 2015 to $111.6 million at September 30, 2016 as management
invested excess cash in higher-yielding securities. Our securities portfolio consisted primarily of high quality mortgage securities,
government agency bonds, and high quality municipal bonds. 

The following tables summarize the carrying
value of investment securities as of the indicated dates and the weighted-average yields of those securities at September 30, 2016. 

Loan Portfolio 

The Company experienced a decline in its loan
portfolio of $191 thousand during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of selling $4.3 million in nonperforming
loans although the Company experienced increased loan growth during the third quarter of 2016. The following table sets forth the
composition of the loan portfolio by category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The primary component of our loan portfolio is loans collateralized
by real estate, which made up approximately 81.3% of our loan portfolio at September 30, 2016. These loans are secured generally
by first or second mortgages on residential, agricultural or commercial property. Commercial loans and consumer loans account for
16.4% and 2.3% of the loan portfolio, respectively. 

Risk Elements   

The downturn in general economic conditions
that occurred beginning in 2008 resulted in increased loan delinquencies, defaults and foreclosures within our loan portfolio.
This downturn in our local real estate markets resulted, in some cases, in a significant impairment to the value of our collateral
and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. Although the real estate collateral provides an alternate source of repayment
in the event of default by the borrower, during an economic downturn like the one we experienced beginning in 2008, the value of
the collateral may deteriorate during the time the credit is extended.  Another econcomic downturn could result in additional
losses of earnings and increases in our provision for loan losses and loans charged-off. 

Past due payments are often one of the first
indicators of a problem loan. We perform a continuous review of our past due report in order to identify trends that can be resolved
quickly before a loan becomes significantly past due. We determine past due and delinquency status based on the contractual terms
of the note. When a borrower fails to make a scheduled loan payment, we attempt to cure the default through several methods including,
but not limited to, collection contact and assessment of late fees. 

Generally, a loan will be placed on nonaccrual
status when it becomes 90 days past due as to principal or interest, or when management believes, after considering economic and
business conditions and collection efforts, that the borrower s financial condition is such that collection of the loan is
doubtful. When a loan is placed in nonaccrual status, interest accruals are discontinued and income earned but not collected is
reversed. Cash receipts on nonaccrual loans are not recorded as interest income, but are used to reduce principal. If the borrower
is able to bring the account current, the loan is then placed back on regular accrual status. 

For loans to be in excess of 90 days delinquent
and still accruing interest, the borrowers must be either remitting payments although not able to get current, liquidation on loans
deemed to be well secured must be near completion, or the Company must have a reason to believe that correction of the delinquency
status by the borrower is near. The amount of both nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more were considered in computing
the allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016. 

Nonperforming loans include nonaccrual loans
and loans past due 90 days or more. Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans and other real estate that we own as a result
of loan foreclosures. 

Loan
Portfolio     - continued   

In addition to increasing write-downs on OREO
to expedite sales during the first nine months of 2016, the Bank sold $4.3 million of nonperforming loans and $270 thousand of
OREO which had been reduced to fair value prior to the sale. Nonperforming loans were $931 thousand or 0.45% of total loans at
September 30, 2016 compared to nonperforming loans at December 31, 2015 of $8.7 million or 4.18% of total loans. At September 30,
2016, nonperforming assets were $5.0 million compared to $22.4 million at December 31, 2015. As a percentage of total assets, nonperforming
assets were 1.30% and 6.19% as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table summarizes nonperforming
assets: 

We identify impaired loans through our normal
internal loan review process. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that
we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due, according to the contractual terms of the
loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability
of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis by calculating
either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s
obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Any resultant shortfall is charged
to provision for loan losses and is classified as a specific reserve. When an impaired loan is ultimately charged-off, the charge-off
is taken against the specific reserve. 

Impaired loans are valued based on the net
present value of expected cash flows or based on the lower of cost or market value of the underlying collateral. Market values
were obtained using independent appraisals, updated every 18 to 24 months, in accordance with our reappraisal policy, or other
market data such as recent offers to the borrower. At September 30, 2016, the recorded investment in impaired loans was $23.3 million
compared to $33.9 million at December 31, 2015. 

TDRs are loans which have been restructured
from their original contractual terms and include concessions that would not otherwise have been granted outside of the financial
difficulty of the borrower. Concessions can relate to the contractual interest rate, maturity date, or payment structure of the
note. As part of our workout plan for individual loan relationships, we may restructure loan terms to assist borrowers facing challenges
in the current economic environment. The purpose of a TDR is to facilitate ultimate repayment of the loan. 

At September 30, 2016, the principal balance
of TDRs totaled $20.9 million. Of these restructured loans, $20.8 million were performing as expected under the new terms and $109
thousand were considered to be nonperforming. TDRs are evaluated for reserves on the basis of the fair value of the collateral
or expected cash flows. A TDR can be removed from nonperforming status once there is sufficient history of demonstrating the borrower
can service the credit under market terms. We currently consider sufficient history to be approximately six months. 

Loan
Portfolio     - continued   

A rollforward of TDRs for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015 is presented below: 

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses 

We have established an allowance for loan losses
through a provision for loan losses charged to expense on our statements of operations. The allowance represents an amount which
management believes will be adequate to absorb probable losses on existing loans that may become uncollectible. We do not allocate
specific percentages of our allowance for loan losses to the various categories of loans but evaluate the adequacy on an overall
portfolio basis utilizing several factors. The primary factor considered is the credit risk grading system, which is applied to
each loan. The amount of both nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days or more is also considered. The historical loan loss
experience, the size of our lending portfolio, changes in the lending policies and procedures, changes in volume or type of credits,
changes in volume/severity of problem loans, quality of loan review and board of director oversight, concentrations of credit,
and peer group comparisons, and current and anticipated economic conditions are also considered in determining the provision for
loan losses. The amount of the allowance is adjusted periodically based on changing circumstances. Recognized losses are charged
to the allowance for loan losses, while subsequent recoveries are added to the allowance. 

We regularly monitor past due and classified
loans. However, it should be noted that no assurances can be made that future charges to the allowance for loan losses or provisions
for loan losses may not be significant to a particular accounting period. Our judgment as to the adequacy of the allowance is based
upon a number of assumptions about future events which we believe to be reasonable, but which may or may not prove to be accurate.
Because of the inherent uncertainty of assumptions made during the evaluation process, there can be no assurance that loan losses
in future periods will not exceed the allowance for loan losses or that additional allocations will not be required. Our losses
will undoubtedly vary from our estimates, and there is a possibility that charge-offs in future periods will exceed the allowance
for loan losses as estimated at any point in time. 

Based on management observation, judgment,
and experience, environmental factors used in the allowance for loan loss model were increased during the second quarter of 2016
for all loan classes. Management also determined that a look back period of twelve quarters would be more appropriate. The allowance
was previously based on a six quarter look back period. The impact of the change to the model resulted in a $2.1 million increase
to the loan loss reserves as of the time of the change. 

At September 30, 2016, the allowance for loan
losses was $4.7 million or 2.24% of total loans compared to $4.6 million or 2.20% of total loans as of December 31, 2015. Reserves
specifically set aside for impaired loans of $787 thousand and $1.1 million were included in the allowance as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The Company sold $4.3 million of loans receivable in the third quarter. The loans were
recorded at fair value which also represented the contract value. Differences between the carrying values and contract values were
charged off through the allowance for loan losses when the loans were transferred to held for sale and represent a significant
portion of charge-offs in the first nine months of 2016. Management believes the allowance is adequate. 

Provision and Allowance for Loan Losses 
-  continued  

The following table summarizes the activity
related to our allowance for loan losses. 

Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank  

The following table summarizes the Company s
FHLB borrowings for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Advances from the FHLB are collateralized by
one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, certain commercial real estate loans, certain securities in the Bank s investment
portfolio and the Company s investment in FHLB stock. Although we expect to continue using FHLB advances as a secondary funding
source, core deposits will continue to be our primary funding source. As a result of negative financial performance indicators,
there is a risk that the Bank s ability to borrow from the FHLB could be curtailed or eliminated. Although to date the Bank
has not been denied advances from the FHLB, the Bank has had its collateral maintenance requirements altered to reflect the increase
in our credit risk. Thus, we can make no assurances that this funding source will continue to be available to us. 

Capital Resources 

Shareholders  equity improved from a
deficit of $12.3 million at December 31, 2015 to an equity of $36.6 million at September 30, 2016. On April 11, 2016, the
Company completed the 2016 private placement of 359,468,443 shares of common stock and 905,316 shares of Series A preferred stock
for net proceeds of $41.5 million. The shares of Series A preferred stock were converted to shares of non-voting common stock during
the third quarter. The Series T preferred stock and the CPP warrant were repurchased for $129 thousand. The Company also sold 14,167,600
shares of common stock at $0.10 per share in a public offering for aggregate cash proceeds of approximately $1.4 million which
primarily provided the Company s legacy shareholders, employees and others in its community with an opportunity to invest
in the Company at the same offering price of $0.10 per share that the Company offered to the investors in the 2016 private placement.
Net income of $4.8 million was recognized during the first nine months of 2016 as a result of the gain on extinguishment of subordinated
promissory notes and junior subordinated debentures partially offset by the recorded provision for loan losses and OREO write-downs.
Unrealized losses attributable to the available-for-sale securities portfolio also decreased. These unrealized losses, net of tax,
are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Changes in the deferred tax asset related to unrealized losses in the securities
portfolio have no effect on income. 

The Company and the Bank are subject to various
regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can
initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material
effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action, the Company and the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities,
and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classifications
are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation
to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum ratios of Tier 1 and total capital as a percentage
of assets and off-balance sheet exposures, adjusted for risk weights ranging from 0% to 1250%. Tier 1 capital consists of common
shareholders  equity, excluding the unrealized gain or loss on securities available-for-sale, minus certain intangible assets.
Tier 2 capital consists of the allowance for loan losses subject to certain limitations. Total capital for purposes of computing
the capital ratios consists of the sum of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. The Company and the Bank are also required to maintain capital
at a minimum level based on quarterly average assets, which is known as the leverage ratio. 

In July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies
issued a final rule that has revised their risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets
to make them consistent with certain standards that were developed by Basel III and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The
final rule applies to all depository institutions, such as the Bank, top-tier bank holding companies with total consolidated assets
of $1 billion or more, and top-tier savings and loan holding companies, which we refer to below as  covered  banking
organizations. Bank holding companies with less than $1 billion in total consolidated assets, such as the Company, are not subject
to the final rule. Effective March 31, 2015, the Bank was required to implement the new Basel III capital standards (subject to
the phase-in for certain parts of the new rules). 

The approved rule includes a new minimum ratio
of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ( CET1 ) of 4.5% and a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%
of risk-weighted assets, which when fully phased-in, effectively results in a minimum CET1 ratio of 7.0%. Basel III also raises
the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4.0% to 6.0% (which, with the capital conservation buffer, effectively
results in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% when fully phased-in), effectively results in a minimum total capital to risk-weighted
assets ratio of 10.5% (with the capital conservation buffer fully phased-in), and requires a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0%. Basel
III also makes changes to the risk weights for certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures. Finally, CET1 includes accumulated
other comprehensive income (which includes all unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt and equity securities), subject
to a transition period and a one-time opt-out election. The Bank elected to opt-out of this provision. As such, accumulated comprehensive
income is not included in the Bank s Tier 1 capital. 

Capital Resources     continued  

The Bank is subject to various regulatory
capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. To be considered  well-capitalized  under these
requirements, a bank must maintain total risk-based capital of at least 10%, Tier 1 capital of at least 8%, and a leverage ratio
of at least 5%. To be considered  adequately capitalized  under these capital guidelines, a bank must maintain a minimum
total risk-based capital of 8%, with at least 6% being Tier 1 capital. In addition, a bank must maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage
ratio of at least 4%. 

 The recently terminated Consent Order required
the Bank to achieve and maintain Tier 1 capital at least equal to 8% and total risk-based capital at least equal to 10%. Although
the Bank is no longer subject to the Consent Order as of its termination on October 26, 2016, the Bank must continue to maintain
Tier 1 capital at least equal to 8% and total risk-based capital at least equal to 10%. 

If a bank is not well capitalized, it cannot
accept brokered deposits without prior FDIC approval. In addition, a bank that is not well capitalized cannot offer an effective
yield in excess of 75 basis points over interest paid on deposits of comparable size and maturity in such institution s normal
market area for deposits accepted from within its normal market area, or national rate paid on deposits of comparable size and
maturity for deposits accepted outside the Bank s normal market area. Moreover, the FDIC generally prohibits a depository
institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent
holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be categorized as undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions
are subject to growth limitations (an undercapitalized institution may not acquire another institution, establish additional branch
offices or engage in any new line of business unless determined by the appropriate federal banking agency to be consistent with
an accepted capital restoration plan, or unless the FDIC determines that the proposed action will further the purpose of prompt
corrective action) and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. The agencies may not accept a capital restoration plan
without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring
the depository institution s capital. In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository institution s
parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with the capital restoration plan. The aggregate liability
of the parent holding company is limited to the lesser of an amount equal to 5.0% of the depository institution s total assets
at the time it became categorized as undercapitalized or the amount that is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the
institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply
with the plan. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is categorized as significantly undercapitalized. 

Significantly undercapitalized categorized
depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting
stock to become categorized as adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits
from correspondent banks. The appropriate federal banking agency may take any action authorized for a significantly undercapitalized
institution if an undercapitalized institution fails to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan or fails in any material
respect to implement a plan accepted by the agency. A critically undercapitalized institution is subject to having a receiver or
conservator appointed to manage its affairs and for loss of its charter to conduct banking activities. 

Capital Resources     continued  

An insured depository institution may not pay
a management fee to a bank holding company controlling that institution or any other person having control of the institution if,
after making the payment, the institution would be undercapitalized. In addition, an institution cannot make a capital distribution,
such as a dividend or other distribution that is in substance a distribution of capital to the owners of the institution if following
such a distribution the institution would be undercapitalized. Thus, if payment of such a management fee or the making of such
would cause a bank to become undercapitalized, it could not pay a management fee or dividend to the bank holding company. 

The following table summarizes the capital
amounts and ratios of the Company and the Bank at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, the Company exceeded
its minimum regulatory capital requirements. While the Bank could not be considered  well capitalized  at September
30, 2016 due to the Consent Order (which was subsequently terminated on October 26, 2016), as a result of the 2016 private placement
the Bank met all of the capital requirements set forth under the Consent Order as of September 30, 2016. 

The Company does not anticipate paying dividends
for the foreseeable future, and all future dividends will be dependent on the Company s financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows, as well as capital regulations and dividend restrictions from the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, the FDIC, and
the State Board. 

ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL REPORTING ISSUES 

We have adopted various accounting policies
which govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States in the preparation of our financial
statements. Our significant accounting policies are described in the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2015, as filed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments
and assumptions by us which have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities. We consider these accounting
policies to be critical accounting policies. The judgments and assumptions we use are based on historical experience and other
factors, which we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions we make,
actual results could differ from these judgments and estimates which could have a material impact on our carrying values of assets
and liabilities and our results of operations. 

We believe the allowance for loan losses is
a critical accounting policy that requires significant judgment and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated financial
statements. Refer to the portion of this discussion that addresses our allowance for loan losses for a description of our processes
and methodology for determining our allowance for loan losses. 

The determination of the value of OREO is also
considered a critical accounting policy as management must use significant judgment and estimates when considering the reasonableness
of the value. 

The income tax provision is also an accounting
policy that requires judgment as the Company seeks strategies to minimize the tax effect of implementing their business strategies.
The Company s tax returns are subject to examination by both federal and state authorities. Such examinations may result
in assessment of additional taxes, interest and penalties. As a result, the ultimate outcome, and the corresponding financial statement
impact, can be difficult to predict with accuracy. 

Fair value determination and other-than-temporary
impairment is subject to management s evaluation to determine if it is probable that all amounts due according to contractual
terms will be collected to determine if any other-than-temporary impairment exists. The process of evaluating other-than-temporary
impairment is inherently judgmental, involving the weighing of positive and negative factors and evidence that may be objective
or subjective. 

LIQUIDITY 

Liquidity is the ability to meet current and
future obligations through liquidation or maturity of existing assets or the acquisition of additional liabilities. The Company
manages both assets and liabilities to achieve appropriate levels of liquidity. Cash and federal funds sold are the Company s
primary sources of asset liquidity. These funds provide a cushion against short-term fluctuations in cash flow from both deposits
and loans. The investment securities portfolio is the Company s principal source of secondary asset liquidity. However, the
availability of this source of funds is influenced by market conditions. Individual and commercial deposits are the Company s
primary source of funds for credit activities. Although not historically used as principal sources of liquidity, federal funds
purchased from correspondent banks and advances from the FHLB are other options available to management. Management believes that
the Company s liquidity sources will enable it to successfully meet its long-term operating needs. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no
available lines of credit. The Bank s greatest source of liquidity resides in its unpledged securities portfolio. The book
and market values of unpledged securities available-for-sale totaled $67.3 million and $66.9 million, respectively, at September
30, 2016. This source of liquidity may be adversely impacted by changing market conditions, reduced access to borrowing lines,
or increased collateral pledge requirements imposed by lenders. The Bank has implemented a plan to address these risks and strengthen
its liquidity position. To accomplish the goals of this liquidity plan, the Bank will maintain cash liquidity at a minimum of 4%
of total outstanding deposits and borrowings. In addition to cash liquidity, the Bank will also maintain a minimum of 15% off balance
sheet liquidity. These objectives have been established by extensive contingency funding stress testing and analytics that indicate
these target minimum levels of liquidity to be appropriate and prudent. 

Comprehensive weekly and quarterly liquidity
analyses serve management as vital decision-making tools by providing summaries of anticipated changes in loans, investments, core
deposits, and wholesale funds. These internal funding reports provide management with the details critical to anticipate immediate
and long-term cash requirements, such as expected deposit runoff, loan and securities paydowns and maturities. These liquidity
analyses act as a cash forecasting tool and are subject to certain assumptions based on past market and customer trends. Through
consideration of the information provided in these reports, management is better able to effectively monitor the Bank s liquidity
position. 

To better manage our liquidity position, management
also stress tests our liquidity position on a semi-annual basis under two scenarios: short-term crisis and a longer-term crisis.
In the short term crisis, we would be cut off from our normal funding along with the market in general. In this scenario, the Bank
would replenish our funding through the most likely sources of funding that would exist in the order of price efficiency. In the
longer term crisis, we may be cut off from several of our normal sources of funding as our Bank s financial situation deteriorated.
In such a case, we would utilize our unpledged securities to raise funds in the reverse repurchase market or borrow from the FHLB.
On a quarterly basis, management monitors the market value of our securities portfolio to ensure its ability to be pledged if liquidity
needs should arise. 

We believe our liquidity sources are adequate
to meet our needs for at least the next 12 months. 

IMPACT OF OFF-BALANCE SHEET INSTRUMENTS 

The Company is a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments
consist of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. Commitments to extend credit are legally binding agreements
to lend to a customer at predetermined interest rates as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.
Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. A commitment involves,
to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized in the balance sheets. The Company s
exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the instrument is represented by the contractual notional
amount of the instrument. Since certain commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts
do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee a customer s
performance to a third party and have essentially the same credit risk as other lending facilities. Standby letters of credit often
expire without being used. Management believes that through various sources of liquidity, the Company has the necessary resources
to meet obligations arising from these financial instruments. 

The Company uses the same credit underwriting
procedures for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit as for on-balance-sheet instruments. The credit worthiness
of each borrower is evaluated and the amount of collateral, if deemed necessary, is based on the credit evaluation. Collateral
held for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property,
plant, equipment, and income-producing commercial properties, as well as liquid assets such as time deposit accounts, brokerage
accounts, and cash value of life insurance. 

The Company is not involved in off-balance
sheet contractual relationships, other than those disclosed in this report, which it believes could result in liquidity needs or
other commitments or that could significantly impact earnings. 

As of September 30, 2016, commitments to extend
credit totaled $31.5 million and standby letters of credit totaled $459 thousand. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported
as and when required and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

There has been no change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

In the ordinary course of operations, we may
be a party to various legal proceedings from time to time. As of the date of this report, except as noted below we do not believe
that there is any pending or threatened proceeding against us, which, if determined adversely, would have a material effect on
our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

For the below matters, the Company and the
Bank have engaged legal counsel and intend to vigorously defend themselves. Given the Company s current troubled financial
condition, any costs incurred by the Company associated with legal defense, government sanctions, or settlement or other litigation
awards could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition due to the Company s lack of consistent earnings. 

On July 19, 2012, Robert Shelley, in his individual capacity and on behalf of a proposed class of other similarly situated persons, filed a lawsuit against the Company and the Bank in the Court of Common Pleas for the Fifteenth Judicial Circuit, State of South Carolina, County of Horry, Case No. 2012-CP-26-5546. The complaint alleges that the plaintiff and other similarly situated persons were contacted by employees of the Bank, that those employees solicited a sale of Bank stock, and that the Bank employees did not disclose material information about the Bank s financial condition prior to their respective purchases of stock. The complaint seeks the certification of a class action to include all purchasers of Bank stock solicited between July 1, 2009 and December 31, 2011. The plaintiff has asserted violations of the South Carolina Uniform Securities Act, negligence and civil conspiracy, and seeks actual, punitive and treble damages and attorneys  fees and costs. The Company and the Bank made a motion for summary judgment in March 2014, which the court granted on April 8, 2014. Robert Shelley subsequently filed a motion to reconsider, which was denied.  Mr. Shelly subsequently filed a notice of appeal with the South Carolina Court of Appeals. Both parties  completed their respective briefing and oral arguments were scheduled for October 6, 2016.  However, opposing counsel initiated settlement discussions a few days before the appeal was to be heard and a compromise was reached by the parties.  A settlement agreement was executed and an order of dismissal filed, thereby ending this matter.   

On or about October 4, 2012, the United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina served the Company and the Bank with a subpoena requesting the production of documents related to the Company s offering and sale of subordinated debt notes. The Company and the Bank have provided all documents and information requested by the government to date. By letter dated December 28, 2015, the office of the United States Attorney advised the Company and Bank that it was declining to prosecute and was closing its file. After this investigation was concluded, the office of SIGTARP, which had been working with the United States Attorney for South Carolina, notified the Company and the Bank that it would be requesting some additional documents needed for review. On March 1, 2016, the office of SIGTARP issued a subpoena for certain documents to the Company and Bank.  The Company and Bank fully and timely responded to this subpoena and are continuing to work with SIGTARP on its follow-up questions and requests.    

Plaintiff Mozingo + Wallace Architects, LLC, was a depositor with the Bank. An employee named Debor Guear was charged with being responsible for Mozingo + Wallace s finances, including the receipt and review of account statements, payment of invoices, and reconciling all financial accounts. In 2013, another bank advised Mozingo + Wallace that it had been receiving an unusually high number of checks issued by Mozingo + Wallace to Ms. Guear s account. Mozingo + Wallace obtained records of its account at the Bank and alleges that Ms. Guear had been making unauthorized transactions from its account. On September 25, 2013, Mozingo + Wallace sued the Company and the Bank in the Court of Common Pleas for the Fifteenth Judicial District, State of South Carolina, County of Horry, Case No. 2013-CP-26-6494, alleging that the Bank improperly allowed Ms. Guear to control and access account statements and seeking damages in an unspecified amount. The plaintiff dismissed the case without prejudice and re-filed a new action on or about March 27, 2015, naming the Bank and Company, as well as the plaintiff s former outside bookkeeper.  The parties attended mandatory mediation on September 9, 2016, and a settlement of all claims was reached at that time.  A release and dismissal were subsequently executed, thereby ending this matter.   

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

Under the filer category of  smaller
reporting company , as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, the Company is not required to provide information requested
by Part II, Item 1A of its Form 10-Q. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information   

None 

Item 6. Exhibits   

The exhibits required to be filed as part of
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are listed in the Index to Exhibits attached hereto and are incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ JAN H. HOLLAR  

Jan H. Hollar  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ JENNIFER W. HARRIS  

Jennifer W. Harris  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit   
      Number      
       Description     

3.1  
      Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of HCSB Financial Corporation to authorize the Non-Voting Common Stock, effective August 23, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2016).   

10.1  
      Employment Agreement between the Company, the Bank and Jennifer W. Harris, dated as of July 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2016).   

10.2  
      Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 19, 2016).   

31.1  
      Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer.    

31.2  
      Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer.     

32  
      Section 1350 Certifications.     

101  
      The following materials from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of HCSB Financial Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e00560_ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1  

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal
Executive Officer  

I, Jan H. Hollar, certify that: 

1.       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of HCSB Financial Corporation. 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;    

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;    

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
       
      /s/ Jan H. Hollar  

Jan H. Hollar  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 e00560_ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal
Financial Officer  

I, Jennifer W. Harris, certify that: 

1.       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of HCSB Financial Corporation. 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;    

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles;    

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 4, 2016  
       
      /s/ Jennifer W. Harris  

Jennifer W. Harris  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 e00560_ex32.htm

Exhibit 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

The undersigned certify that to her knowledge
on the date of this certification: 

1.    The quarterly report of the Company for the period ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on this date (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

/s/ Jan H. Hollar  

Jan H. Hollar  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 4, 2016  

/s/ Jennifer W. Harris  

Jennifer W. Harris  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

November 4, 2016  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hcfb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hcfb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hcfb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hcfb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hcfb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hcfb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

