<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161212_10-K_edgar_data_844059_0000844059-16-000041_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9896640</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>213010</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2414546</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2446385</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2871995</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1643431</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>147</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000844059-16-000041.hdr.sgml : 20161212
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161212163150
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000844059-16-000041
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161212
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161212

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRP HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000844059
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				472449198
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36769
		FILM NUMBER:		162046583

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. FORSYTH ST.
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9043965733

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 W. FORSYTH ST.
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PATRIOT TRANSPORTATION HOLDING INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRP PROPERTIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000844059-16-000041.txt : 20161212

10-K
 1
 frph10k16.htm
 FRPH FORM 10K 2016

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

 _________________ 

  FORM 10-K  

 _________________ 

(Mark One)  

or   

Commission File Number: 001-36769  

 _____________________ 

  FRP HOLDINGS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

 _____________________ 

FLORIDA   
       
       47-2449198    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

200 W. Forsyth St., 7 th  Floor, Jacksonville, Florida   
       
       32202    
 
      (Address of principal executive offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   
 
  (904) 396-5733  

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act:  

Title of each class  
      Name of each exchange on which registered   
 
       Common Stock $.10 par value  
      NASDAQ   

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Act: None  

_________________ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes  [_]    No  [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  [_]    No  [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  [X]    No  [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  [X]    No  [_] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure
of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer [_]  
       
       Accelerated  filer [X]   

Non-accelerated filer [_]   
      Smaller reporting company [_]   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).     Yes  [_]    No  [X] 

 The number of shares of the registrant s
stock outstanding as of December 12, 2016 was 9,881,415. The aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non affiliates
of the registrant as of March 31, 2016, the last day of business of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was $269,324,902.
Solely for purposes of this calculation, the registrant has assumed that all directors, officers and ten percent (10%) shareholders
of the Company are affiliates of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

 Portions of the FRP Holdings, Inc. 2016
Annual Report to Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Parts I and II. 

Portions of the FRP Holdings, Inc. Proxy
Statement which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than December 31, 2016 are incorporated by
reference in Part III. 

Explanatory Note 

As previously announced in a Form 8-K filed
on February 3, 2015, FRP Holdings, Inc. ( FRP  or the  Company ) completed a spin-off ( Spin-off )
of its transportation business on January 30, 2015. The Spin-off was effected through a corporate reorganization and subsequent
distribution by the Company of all of the common stock of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. ( Patriot ), a subsidiary
of the Company formed for the purpose of becoming the new parent company to the transportation business, to the shareholders of
FRP. Patriot is now an independent publicly-traded company, and FRP is the successor issuer to the company formerly known as Patriot
Transportation Holding, Inc. (NASDAQ: PATR). 

Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.   

Certain matters discussed in this report contain
forward-looking statements, including without limitation relating to the Company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations,
intentions, capital expenditures, future liquidity, and plans and timetables for completion of pending development projects. The
words or phrases  anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   budget,   continue, 
 could,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   predict, 
 seek,   should,   will,   would,   expect,   objective, 
 projection,   forecast,   goal,   guidance,   outlook,   effort, 
 target  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The following factors and others discussed in
the Company s periodic reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are among the principal factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements: uncertainties as to whether the Company can
complete, and the timetable for completion of pending or proposed development projects; levels of construction activity in the
markets served by our mining properties; availability and terms of financing; competition; interest rates, inflation and general
economic conditions; demand for flexible warehouse/office facilities in the Baltimore-Washington-Northern Virginia area; and ability
to obtain zoning and entitlements necessary for property development. However, this list is not a complete statement of all potential
risks or uncertainties. 

These forward-looking statements are made as
of the date hereof based on management s current expectations, and the Company does not undertake an obligation to update
such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional information regarding these and
other risk factors may be found in the Company s other filings made from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

PART I  

  Item 1. BUSINESS.  

On January 30, 2015, FRP Holdings, Inc. ( FRP 
or the  Company ) completed the tax-free Spin-off ( Spin-off ) of its transportation business into a new,
separately traded public company, Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (Nasdaq GM: PATI) ( Patriot ). In the Spin-off,
FRP distributed all of the outstanding stock of Patriot to FRP's shareholders as of the record date of January 9, 2015. FRP s
shareholders received one share of Patriot for every three shares of FRP owned on the record date. Patriot now is an independent,
publicly traded company, and FRP retains no ownership in Patriot. The Company retained the real estate business, which is now the
sole business of the Company. 

FRP Holdings, Inc. was incorporated on April
22, 2014 in connection with a corporate reorganization that preceded the Spin-off. The Company s successor issuer was formed
on July 20, 1998. The business of the Company is conducted through our wholly-owned subsidiaries FRP Maryland, Inc., a Maryland
corporation, FRP Development Corp., a Maryland corporation and Florida Rock Properties, Inc., a Florida corporation, and the various
subsidiaries of each. 

Our Business.  FRP Holdings, Inc. (the
 Company ) is a holding company engaged in various real estate businesses. The segments of the Company include: (i)
leasing and management of warehouse and office buildings owned by the Company (the  Asset Management Segment ), (ii)
leasing and management of mining royalty land owned by the Company (the  Mining Royalty Lands Segment ) and (iii) real
property acquisition, entitlement, development and construction primarily for warehouse and office buildings (the  Land Development
and Construction Segment ). 

The Asset Management Segment owns, leases and
manages warehouse and office buildings located predominately in the Baltimore, northern Virginia, and Washington, DC market areas.
Price, location, rental space availability, flexibility of design and property management services are the major factors that affect
competition in the flexible warehouse and office rental market. The Company experiences considerable competition in all of its
markets. Tenants of our flexible warehouse/office properties are not concentrated in any one particular industry. 

Our Mining Royalty Lands Segment owns several
properties comprising approximately 15,000 acres currently under lease for mining rents or royalties (not including the 4,280 acres
owned in our Brooksville joint venture with Vulcan Materials).  Other than one location in Virginia, all of these properties
are located in Florida and Georgia.  

Our Land Development and Construction Segment
owns and continuously monitors the  highest and best use  of parcels of land that are in various stages of development. The
overall strategy for this segment is to convert all of our non-income producing property into income-producing property through
(i) an orderly process of constructing new warehouse and office buildings to be operated by the Company or (ii) a sale to, or joint
venture with, third parties. 

Competition.  The Asset Management Segment
owns, leases and manages warehouse and office buildings located predominately in the Baltimore, northern Virginia, Washington,
DC market areas. As a developer of flexible warehouse and office space, we compete with numerous developers, owners and operators
of real estate, many of whom own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties are located. Price,
location, rental space availability, flexibility of design and property management services are the major factors that affect competition
in the flexible warehouse and office rental market. 

Customers.  Primarily due to our preferred
mid-sized (75,000-150,000 square feet) warehouse buildings, the Asset Management Segment mainly caters to local and regional tenants
(versus larger national tenants). We do not have any material dependence on a particular industry for our tenants in this segment.
With the completion and occupancy of the 3rd build to suit for VADATA at Patriot Business Park in the first quarter of fiscal 2015
this particular tenant accounted for 11% of the Company s consolidated revenues during fiscal 2016. In the Mining Royalty
Lands segment, we have a total of four tenants currently leasing our mining locations and one particular tenant (Vulcan Materials
Company) accounted for 15.6% of the Company s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2016. An event affecting either VADATA s
or Vulcan s ability to perform under its lease agreements could materially impact the Company s results. 

Sales and Marketing.  We use national
brokerage firms to assist us in marketing our vacant warehouse rental properties. Our hands on in-house management team focuses
on tenant satisfaction during the life of the lease which we have found to be very beneficial with respect to our tenant renewal
success rate over the years. 

Financial Information.  Financial information
is discussed by industry segment in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in the accompanying 2016 Annual Report
to Shareholders, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Environmental Matters.  The Company incurs
costs from time to time to investigate and remediate environmental contamination on its real estate. The Company's mining leases
contain provisions under which the lessee is responsible for environmental liabilities and reclamation of mining sites at least
to the extent required by law. 

Seasonality.  The Company s business
is subject to limited seasonality factors due to the cyclical nature of our mining customers  businesses. Revenues generally
decline slightly during winter months. 

Employees.  The Company employed 18 people
in its real estate group at September 30, 2016. 

Company Website.  The Company s
website may be accessed at  www.frpholdings.com . All of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are accessible
through our website promptly after filing. This includes annual reports on Form 10-K, proxy statements, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, current reports filed or furnished on Form 8-K and all related amendments. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS.  

Our future results may be affected by a number
of factors over which we have little or no control. The following issues, uncertainties, and risks, among others, should be considered
in evaluating our business and outlook. Also, note that additional risks not currently identified or known to us could also negatively
impact our business or financial results. 

Risks Relating to the Spin-off   

Since the Spin-off of Patriot , FRP has
shared three executives with Patriot so those executives will not devote their full time and attention to the Company.  

Under the terms of the Transition Services
Agreement between FRP and Patriot, Patriot provides the services of three of its executive officers to FRP. Thompson S. Baker II,
Chief Executive Officer, John D. Milton, Jr., Chief Financial Officer and John D. Klopfenstein, Controller and Chief Accounting
Officer, serve in the same capacities with FRP under the Transition Services Agreement. These executives spend approximately 50%
of their time working for FRP pursuant to the terms of the Transition Services Agreement and both companies share in 50% of the
costs (including overhead). FRP could be adversely impacted by lack of the full-time focus of these executives during the term
of the Transition Services Agreement. In addition, these executives may face conflicts of interest, or the appearance thereof,
if there is a dispute under the agreements between Patriot and FRP or a future business transaction. 

There may be potential conflicts of interest between FRP and
Patriot due to the Spin-off .   

FRP has common management with Patriot, which
could cause a conflict of interest for the shared executives or the Company. Currently, three of our executive officers serve as
executive officers of both FRP and Patriot. FRP s Chief Executive Officer, Thompson S. Baker II, also serves as a director
and the Chief Executive Officer and President of Patriot. FRP's executive officers and board members will have fiduciary duties
to our shareholders. Likewise, any such persons who serve in similar capacities at Patriot will have fiduciary duties to Patriot s
shareholders. Therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to
matters involving or affecting both companies. For example, there will be a potential conflict of interest if FRP and Patriot consider
acquisitions or other business opportunities that may be suitable for both companies. Moreover, most of Patriot's directors and
officers will continue to own FRP common stock and options to purchase FRP common stock, which they acquired prior to the Spin-off
or will acquire in the future in connection with their employment with FRP. These ownership interests could create, or appear to
create, conflicts of interest when these individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for FRP and
Patriot. From time to time, FRP may enter into transactions with Patriot or its subsidiaries or other affiliates. Although the
terms of any such transactions will be established based upon negotiations between employees of the companies involved, there can
be no assurance that the terms of any such transactions will be as favorable to us or our subsidiaries or affiliates as would be
the case where the parties are completely at arm s length. 

We may not achieve some or all of the expected
benefits of the Spin-off.  

We may not be able to achieve the full strategic
and financial benefits expected to result from the Spin-off, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The Spin-off
is expected to provide the following benefits to the Company: (i) allow FRP to focus on its own strategic objectives and opportunities,
(ii)  enable FRP to allocate resources and deploy capital in a manner consistent with its own priorities, (iii) allow FRP
to use its separate publicly traded stock as acquisition currency, (iv) allow FRP to more effectively utilize equity compensation
awards by directly tying the value of equity compensation awards to the performance of the real estate business, and (v) allow investors,
both current and prospective, to value FRP based on its financial characteristics and make investment decisions based on those
characteristics. If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the Spin-off, or if such benefits are
delayed, the business, financial condition and results of our operations could be adversely affected and the value of our stock
could be impacted. 

FRP is subject to restrictions under a Tax
Matters Agreement with Patriot, and a violation of the tax sharing agreement may result in tax liability to FRP and its shareholders.  

In connection with the Spin-off, we entered
into a Tax Matters Agreement with Patriot to preserve the tax-free treatment of the separation and distribution of Patriot. Under
the Tax Matters Agreement, both companies are restricted from taking any action that prevents the Spin-off and related transactions
from being tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under the Tax Matters Agreement, for the two-year period following the
Spin-off, FRP will be prohibited, except in certain circumstances, from: 

entering into any transaction resulting in the acquisition of 50% or more of its stock or substantially all of its assets, whether by merger or otherwise;    

merging, consolidating, or liquidating;    

issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds;    

repurchasing its capital stock; and    

ceasing to actively conduct its business.   

These restrictions may limit FRP s ability
to pursue certain strategic transactions or other transactions that it 

may believe to be in the best interests of
its shareholders or that might increase the value of its business. In addition, under the Tax Matters Agreement, FRP is required
to indemnify Patriot against any such tax liabilities as a result of the acquisition of FRP s stock or assets, even if it
did not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition. This may result in missed opportunities or the pursuit of business
strategies that may not be as beneficial for us and which may negatively affect our anticipated profitability. If Patriot fails
to comply with the restrictions in the Tax Matters Agreement and as a result the Spin-off was determined to be taxable for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, FRP and its shareholders at the time of the Spin-off that are subject to U.S. federal income tax could
incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. Although the tax sharing agreement provides that Patriot is required to
indemnify us for taxes incurred that may arise were Patriot to fail to comply with its obligations under the Tax Matters Agreement,
there is no assurance that Patriot will have the funds to satisfy that liability. 

The business of the Company is less diversified.  

Our operational and financial profile has changed
as a result of the Spin-off of the transportation business. As a result, our diversification of revenue sources has diminished
without the revenue previously generated by the transportation business, and our results of operations, cash flows, working capital
and financing requirements may be subject to increased volatility related to the real estate business. If we are unable to manage
that volatility, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risks Relating to Our Business   

Our business may be adversely affected by
seasonal factors and harsh weather conditions.  

The Mining Royalty Lands Segment and the Land
Development and Construction Segment could be adversely affected by reduced construction and mining activity during periods of
inclement weather. These factors could cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. An occurrence of unusually
harsh or long-lasting inclement weather such as hurricanes, tornadoes and heavy snowfalls could have an adverse effect on our operations
and profitability. 

Our revenues depend in part on construction
sector activity, which tends to be cyclical.  

Our Mining Royalty Lands Segment revenues are
derived from royalties on construction aggregates mined on our properties. Thus, our results depend in part on residential, commercial
and infrastructure construction activity and spending levels. The construction industry in our markets tends to be cyclical. Construction
activity and spending levels vary across our markets and are influenced by interest rates, inflation, consumer spending habits,
demographic shifts, environmental laws and regulations, employment levels and the availability of funds for public infrastructure
projects. Economic downturns may lead to recessions in the construction industry, either in individual markets or nationally. 

Our operations are subject to various environmental
laws and regulations, the violation of which could result in substantial fines or penalties.  

Liability for environmental contamination on
real property owned by the Company may include the following costs, without limitation: investigation and feasibility study costs,
remediation costs, litigation costs, oversight costs, monitoring costs, institutional control costs, penalties from state and federal
agencies and third-party claims. These costs could be substantial and in extreme cases could exceed the value of the contaminated
property. Moreover, on-site operations may be suspended until certain environmental contamination is remediated and/or permits
are received, and governmental agencies can impose permanent restrictions on the manner in which a property may be used depending
on the extent and nature of the contamination. This may result in a breach of the terms of the lease entered into with our tenants.
Governmental agencies also may create liens on contaminated sites for damages it incurred to address such contamination. In addition,
the presence of hazardous substances at, on, under or from a property may adversely affect our ability to sell the property or
borrow funds using the property as collateral, thus harming our financial condition. 

The
presence of contaminated material at our RiverFront on the Anacostia development site will subject us to substantial environmental
liability and costs as construction proceeds.   

With
respect to our RiverFront on the Anacostia site in Washington, D.C., preliminary environmental testing has indicated the presence
of contaminated material that will have to be specially handled in excavation in conjunction with construction. While we have
recovered and will continue to seek partial reimbursement for these costs from our prior tenant and/or neighboring property owners,
we still expect to incur significant environmental costs in connection with construction.  

With
respect to Phase I of the development, we recorded an expense in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 of $1,771,000 for this environmental
remediation liability which is the lower end of the range of estimates. As of September 30, 2015 the excavation and foundation
work for Phase I were substantially complete; thus, the bulk of the remediation expenses have been incurred. Management believes
the total cost for remediation of Phase 1 will end up at approximately $1.9 million.  

During the quarter ending December 31, 2015,
management successfully completed negotiations and entered into a $3,000,000 settlement of environmental claims on all four phases
against our former tenant at the Riverfront on the Anacostia property and continues to pursue settlement negotiations with other
potentially responsible parties. 

The Company executed a letter of intent with
MRP Realty in May 2016 to develop Phase II of the Riverfront on the Anacostia project and recorded an estimated environmental remediation
expense of $2.0 million for the Company s estimated liability under the proposed agreement. 

The
Company has no obligation to remediate this contamination on Phases III and IV until such time as it commences construction there.  

Uninsured
losses could significantly reduce our earnings.   

We self-insure for a portion of our claims
exposure resulting from workers  compensation, auto liability, general liability and employees  health insurance. We
also are responsible for our legal expenses relating to such claims. We maintain insurance above the amounts for which we self-insure
with licensed insurance carriers. Although we believe the aggregate insurance limits should be sufficient to cover reasonably expected
claims, it is possible that one or more claims could exceed our aggregate coverage limits. Additionally, there are certain losses,
such as losses from hurricanes, terrorism, wars or earthquakes, where insurance is limited or not economically justifiable. If
the Company experiences an uninsured loss of real property, we could lose both the invested capital and anticipated revenues associated
with such property. We accrue currently for estimated incurred losses and expenses and periodically evaluate and adjust our claims
accrued liability to reflect our experience. However, ultimate results may differ from our estimates, which could result in losses
greater than accrued amounts. 

We
may be unable to renew leases or re-lease properties as leases expire.   

When a lease expires, a tenant may elect not
to renew it. If that occurs, we may not be able to lease the property on similar terms. The terms of renewal or re-lease (including
the cost of required renovations and concessions to tenants) may be less favorable than the prior lease. If we are unable to lease
all or substantially all of our properties, or if the rental rates upon such re-leasing are significantly lower than expected rates,
our cash generated before debt repayments and capital expenditures may be adversely affected. As of September 30, 2016, leases
of our properties representing approximately 17.4%, 23.0%, and 9.6% of the total square footage of buildings completed prior to
September 30, 2016 are scheduled to expire in fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. 

We may be unable to lease currently vacant
properties.  

As of September 30, 2016, 10.1% of our properties
are vacant. If we are unable to obtain leases sufficient to 

cover carrying costs then our cash flows may
be adversely affected. 

The bankruptcy or insolvency of significant
tenants with long-term leases may adversely affect income produced by our properties.  

We have 20 buildings in our portfolio that
are single-tenant leased, representing 52% of developed property rentals under long-term leases. We have 8 other tenants with leases
in excess of five years. Should tenants default on their obligations, our cash flow would be adversely affected and we may not
be able to find another tenant to occupy the space under similar terms or may have to make expenditures to retrofit or divide the
space. Additionally, we may have to incur a non-cash expense for a significant amount of deferred rent revenue generated from the
accounting requirement to straight-line rental revenues. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant may also adversely affect
the income produced by a property. If any of our tenants become a debtor in a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, we cannot evict
that tenant solely because of its bankruptcy. The bankruptcy court may authorize the tenant to reject and terminate its lease with
the Company. Our claim against such a tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to a statutory limitation that may be substantially
less than the remaining rent actually owed to us under the tenant s lease. Any shortfall in rent payments could adversely
affect our cash flow. 

A decline in the economic conditions in
Baltimore, Washington, D.C. and Northern Virginia markets could adversely affect our business.  

Nearly all of our office and warehouse properties
are located in the Baltimore, Washington, D.C. and Northern Virginia areas. As a result of our geographic concentration, we depend
upon the local conditions in these markets, including local real estate conditions. We are, therefore, subject to increased exposure
(positive or negative) to economic and other competitive factors specific to markets in confined geographic areas. Our operations
may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in these markets. An economic downturn in these markets could adversely
affect our operation. We cannot be sure that these markets will continue to grow or will continue to provide favorable demand for
our office and warehouse spaces. 

Our
inability to obtain necessary approvals for property development could adversely affect our profitability.   

We may be unable to obtain, or incur delays
in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations, which
could result in increased costs or abandonment of certain projects. Before we can develop a property, we must obtain a variety
of approvals from local and state governments with respect to such matters as zoning, density, parking, subdivision, site planning
and environmental issues. Legislation could impose moratoriums on new real estate development or land-use conversions from mining
to development. These factors may reduce our profit or growth and may limit the value of these properties. 

Real estate investments are not as liquid
as other types of assets.  

The illiquid nature of real estate investments
may limit our ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, significant expenditures associated
with real estate investments, such as mortgage payments, real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when
circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investments. Thus, the illiquid nature of our real estate investments could
adversely affect our profitability under certain economic conditions. 

Our debt service obligations may have adverse
consequences on our business operations.  

We use debt to finance our operations, including
acquisitions of properties. Our use of debt may have adverse consequences, including the following: 

Our cash flows from operations
may not be sufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest.    

We may be forced to dispose
of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms, to make payments on our debt.    

We may default on our
debt obligations, and the lenders may foreclose on our properties that collateralize those loans.    

A foreclosure on one
of our properties could create taxable income without any accompanying cash proceeds to pay the tax.    

A default under a mortgage
loan that has cross default provisions may cause us to automatically default on another loan.    

We may not be able to
refinance or extend our existing debt.    

The terms of any refinancing
or extension may not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt.    

We may not be able to
issue debt on unencumbered properties under reasonable terms to finance growth of our portfolio of properties.    

We may be subject to
a significant increase in the variable interest rates on our unsecured and secured lines of credit, which could adversely impact
our operations.    

Our debt agreements have
yield maintenance requirements that result in a penalty if we prepay loans.     

As of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding
non-recourse mortgage indebtedness of $36,012,000, secured by developed real estate properties having a carrying value of $45,478,000. 

Our uncollateralized revolving credit agreement
restricts our ability to engage in some business activities.  

Our uncollateralized revolving credit agreement
contains customary negative covenants and other financial and operating covenants that, among other things: 

restricts our ability
to incur certain additional indebtedness;    

restricts our ability
to make certain investments;    

restricts our ability
to merge with another company;    

restricts our ability
to pay dividends;    

requires us to maintain
financial coverage ratios; and    

requires us to not encumber
certain assets except as approved by the lenders.    

These restrictions could cause us to default
on our unsecured line of credit or negatively affect our operations. 

Our Asset Management and Land Development
and Construction Segments face competition from numerous sources.   

As a developer of flexible warehouse and office
space, we compete with numerous developers, owners and operators of real estate, many of whom own properties similar to ours in
the same submarkets in which our properties are located. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below current market rates,
or below the rental rates we currently charge our tenants, we may lose potential tenants and we may be pressured to reduce our
rental rates to an amount lower than we currently charge in order to retain tenants when our tenants  leases expire. As a
result, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be
materially adversely affected. 

Construction costs may be higher than anticipated . 

Our long-term business plan includes a number
of construction projects. The construction costs of these projects may exceed original estimates and possibly make the completion
of a property uneconomical. Building material commodity shortages, construction delays or stoppages or rapidly escalating construction
costs may out-pace market rents, which would adversely affect our profits. The market environment and existing lease commitments
may not allow us to raise rents to cover these higher costs. 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock   

Certain shareholders have effective control of a significant
percentage of FRP's common stock and likely will control the outcome of any shareholder vote.  

As of September 30, 2016, two of our directors,
John D. Baker, II and Thompson S. Baker, II beneficially own approximately 19% of the outstanding shares of our common stock (80%
of such shares are held in trusts under which voting power is shared with other family members) and certain of their family members
beneficially own an additional 11.8%. As a result, these individuals effectively may have the ability to direct the election of
all members of our board of directors and to exercise a controlling influence over its business and affairs, including any determinations
with respect to mergers or other business combinations involving the Company, its acquisition or disposition of assets, its borrowing
of monies, its issuance of any additional securities, its repurchase of common stock and its payment of dividends. 

Provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws and certain
provisions of Florida law could delay or prevent a change in control of FRP.   

The existence of some provisions of our articles
of incorporation and bylaws and Florida law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of FRP that a shareholder may
consider favorable. These include provisions: 

providing that  directors may be removed by our shareholders only for cause;   

authorizing a large number of shares of stock that are not yet issued, which would allow FRP s board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of its management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of FRP;    

prohibiting shareholders from calling special meetings of shareholders or taking action by written consent; and    

imposing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors at the annual shareholder meetings.    

These provisions apply even if a takeover offer
may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines
is not in the Company s or the shareholders  best interests. 

FRP may issue preferred stock with terms
that could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock.   

Our articles of incorporation authorize us
to issue, without the approval of our shareholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations,
powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other rights, and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions
as our board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the
voting power or reduce the value of FRP's common stock. For example, FRP could grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect
some number of its directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions.
Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or dividend, distribution or liquidation preferences FRP could assign to holders
of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.  

None. 

Item 2. PROPERTIES.  

The Company owns (predominately in fee
simple but also through ownership of interests in joint ventures) over 20,000 acres of land in Florida, Georgia, Maryland,
Virginia, Delaware and the District of Columbia. This land is generally held by the Company in three distinct categories (i)
land owned and leased to mining companies for royalties or rents, (ii) land owned and operated as income producing rental
properties predominately in the form of warehouse/office buildings, and (iii) land owned and held for investment to be
further developed for future income production or sales to third parties. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment   Mining
Properties.  The following table summarizes the Company's mining royalty lands and estimated reserves at September 30,
2016 a substantial portion of which are leased to Vulcan Materials. 

This table excludes the Brooksville, Florida
property, approximately 4,280 acres, as it was transferred on October 4, 2006 to a joint venture with Vulcan Materials Company
( Vulcan Materials ) for future development. 

In May, 2014 the Company entered into an amendment
to our lease agreement for our Ft. Myers location requiring that the mining be accelerated and that the mining plan be conformed
to accommodate the future construction of up to 105 residential dwelling units around the mined lakes. In return, the Company agreed
to sell Lee County a right of way for a connector road that would benefit the residential area on our property and to place a conservation
easement on part of the property. Based on information from our tenant, Vulcan Materials Company, the Company is hopeful that all
necessary permits to commence mining on this property will be received during fiscal 2017. 

During fiscal 2015, the Company also received
positive information from Vulcan Materials with respect to two other locations. With regard to our Manassas, Virginia location,
Vulcan Materials informed us that they recently removed a concrete plant off property owned by the Company which opened up an additional
25 million tons of material to be mined from Company property. Vulcan Materials  current lease term at the Manassas location
expires on May 31, 2020 and they have one additional ten year extension option available. At our Astatula location, Vulcan Materials
began mining on Company property during fiscal 2015 and plans are to continue that mining for the foreseeable future at volumes
commensurate with, or in excess of, those achieved in fiscal 2015. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment - Brooksville
Joint Venture.  On October 4, 2006, a subsidiary of the Company (Florida Rock Properties, Inc.) entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement with Florida Rock Industries, 

Inc. (which was acquired by Vulcan Materials
in 2007) to form Brooksville Quarry, LLC, a real estate joint venture, to develop approximately 4,280 acres of land near Brooksville,
Florida as a mixed-use community. In April 2011, the Florida Department of Community Affairs issued its Final Order approving the
development of the Project consisting of 5,800 residential dwelling units and over 600,000 square feet of commercial and 850,000
of light industrial uses. The Master Plan zoning for the Project was approved by the County in August 2012. Vulcan Materials still
mines on the property and the Company receives 100% of the royalty on all tons sold at the Brooksville location. In fiscal 2016,
404,000 tons were sold and estimated reserves were 5,698,000 as of September 30, 2016. During fiscal 2015, the Company agreed to
extend the mining lease on this property for an additional four years, through the year 2022, in exchange for an immediate increase
in the annual minimum royalty and a higher royalty rate on tons sold and mined from the property. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment - Other Properties .
The segment also owns an additional 1,923 acres of investment properties in Gulf Hammock (approximately 1,600 acres currently on
the market for $4.5 million), Brooksville, Palatka, and Polk County, Florida and Yatesville and Henderson, Georgia. 

Asset Management Segment.   As of September
30, 2016, the Asset Management Segment owned 42 warehouse/office buildings, totaling 3,880,365 square feet, all of which (with
the exception of one building) are in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States as follows: 

1) Hillside Business Park in Anne Arundel County,
Maryland consists of four warehouse/office buildings and one suburban office building totaling 567,473 square feet. 

2) Lakeside Business Park in Harford County,
Maryland consists of nine warehouse/office buildings totaling 893,722 square feet. 

3) 6920 Tudsbury Road in Baltimore County,
Maryland consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 86,100 square feet. 

4) 8620 Dorsey Run Road in Howard County, Maryland
consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 85,100 square feet. 

5) Rossville Business Center in Baltimore County,
Maryland consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 190,517 square feet. 

6) 34 Loveton Circle in suburban Baltimore
County, Maryland consists of one office building totaling 33,708 square feet (24% of the space is occupied by the Company for use
as our Baltimore headquarters). 

7) Oregon Business Center in Anne Arundel County,
Maryland consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 195,615 square feet. 

8) Arundel Business Center in Howard County,
Maryland consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 162,796 square feet. 

9) 100-200 Interchange Boulevard in New Castle
County, Delaware consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 303,006 square feet. 

10) Windlass Run Business Park in Baltimore
County, Maryland consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 69,474 square feet. 

 11) 155 E. 21 st  Street in
Duval County, Florida consists of one office building totaling 68,757 square feet. 

 12) Hollander 95 Business Park in Baltimore
City, Maryland consists of two warehouse/office building totaling 162,350 square feet. 

 13) Patriot Business Park in Prince
William County, Virginia consists of three warehouse/office buildings 

totaling 373,000 square feet. 

 14) Transit Business Park in Baltimore,
Maryland consists of five buildings totaling 232,318 square feet. 

 15) Kelso Business Park in Baltimore
County, Maryland, consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 69,680 square feet. 

 16) 1187 Azalea Garden Road in Norfolk,
VA consists of one warehouse totaling 188,093 square feet.  

17) 10820 Gilroy Road in Baltimore County,
Maryland, consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 107,438 square feet. 

18) 7700 Port Capital Drive in Howard County,
Maryland consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 91,218 square feet. 

Land Development and Construction Segment
  Warehouse/Office Land.  

At September 30, 2016 this segment owned the
following future development parcels: 

1)  20 acres of horizontally developed land available for future construction of an additional 286,500
square feet of warehouse/office product at Lakeside Business Park in Harford County, Maryland.   

2)  17.5 acres of horizontally developed land available for future construction of 164,500 square feet
of office buildings representing our 50% interest in a joint venture at Windlass Run Business Park in Baltimore County, Maryland.   

3)  25 acres of horizontally developed land available for future construction of 202,653 square feet
of warehouse/office product at Patriot Business Park in Prince William County, Virginia.   

4)  33 acres of horizontally developed land available for future construction of 319,950 square feet
of warehouse, office, hotel and flex buildings at Hollander 95 Business Park in Baltimore City, Maryland.   

Land Development and Construction Segment
  Land Held for Investment or Sale.  

1)  The Windlass Run Residential (previously Bird River) Phase 2 property consists of 74 useable acres
located in southeastern Baltimore County, Maryland, adjacent to our Windlass Run Business Park. The Company rezoned the property
in September 2007 to allow for additional residential density. The Company executed two contracts on April 17, 2013 for the sale
of phase 1 of the property in the quarter ending September 30, 2013 for $8.0 million and the balance for $11.0 million approximately
18 months later. The sale of phase 1 was completed in August of 2013 and resulted in a gain of $4,928,000. The sale of phase two
was originally scheduled to close in March of 2015 but was extended by the Buyer on March 20, 2015 with payment of an $187,754
extension fee to allow closing on or before September 30, 2015. Closing occurred on October 30, 2015.   

2)  The RiverFront on the Anacostia property is a 5.8 acre parcel of real estate in Washington D.C.
that fronts the Anacostia River and is adjacent to the Washington Nationals Baseball Park. The approved planned unit development
permits the Company to develop a four building, mixed use project, containing approximately 545,800 square feet of office and retail
uses and approximately 569,600 square feet of residential and hotel uses. The approved development would include numerous publicly
accessible open spaces and a waterfront esplanade along the Anacostia River.   

On March 30, 2012 the Company entered
into a Contribution Agreement with MRP SE Waterfront Residential, LLC. ( MRP ) to form a joint venture to develop the
first phase only of the four phase master development known as RiverFront on the Anacostia in Washington, D.C. The purpose of the
Joint Venture is to develop, own, lease and ultimately sell a 305 unit residential apartment building 

(including approximately 18,000 square
feet of retail) on approximately 2 acres of the site. The joint venture, RiverFront Investment Partners I, LLC ( RiverFront
I ) was formed in June 2013 as contemplated. The Company contributed land with an agreed to value of $13,500,000 (cost basis
of $6,165,000) and contributed cash of $4,866,000 to the Joint Venture for a 76.91% stake in the venture. MRP contributed capital
of $5,553,000 to the joint venture including development costs paid prior to formation of the joint venture. The Joint Venture
closed on $17,000,000 of EB5 secondary financing and a nonrecourse construction loan for $65,000,000 on August 8, 2014. Both of
these financings are non-recourse to the Company. Construction commenced in October 2014 and occupancy started in August 2016.
The Company s equity interest in the joint venture is accounted for under the equity method of accounting as MRP acts as
the administrative agent of the joint venture and oversees and controls the day to day operations of the project. 

On August 24, 2015, in anticipation
of commencing construction of the new Frederick Douglass bridge at a location immediately to the West of the existing bridge, the
District of Columbia filed a Declaration of Taking for a total of 7,390 square feet of permanent easement and a 5,022 square foot
temporary construction easement on land along the western boundary of the land that will ultimately hold Phase III and IV. Previously,
the Company and the District had conceptually agreed to a land swap with no compensation that would have permitted the proposed
new bridge, including construction easements, to be on property wholly owned by the District. As a result, the Planned Unit Development
was designed and ultimately approved by the Zoning Commission as if the land swap would occur once the District was ready to move
forward with the new bridge construction. In September 2016 the Company received $1,115,400 as settlement for the easement. The
Company will continue to seek an agreement from the District that the existing bridge easement will terminate when the new bridge
has been placed in service and the existing bridge has been removed. The Company s position is that otherwise Phase IV will
be adversely impacted and additional compensation or other relief will be due the Company. 

3)  The Hampstead Trade Center property in Hampstead, Carroll County, Maryland is a 117 acre parcel
located adjacent to the State Route 30 bypass. The parcel was previously zoned for industrial use. In the fourth quarter of fiscal
2016, the Company received approval from the Town of Hampstead and has rezoned the property for residential use. Management believes
this to be a higher and best use of the property.   

4)  The Square 664E property is approximately 2 acres and sits on the Anacostia River at the base of
South Capitol Street approximately 1 mile down river from our RiverFront on the Anacostia property. This property is currently
under lease to Vulcan Materials for use as a concrete batch plant. The lease terminates on August 31, 2021 and Vulcan has the option
to renew for one additional period of five (5) years. In the quarter ending December 31, 2014, the District of Columbia announced
that it had selected an approximate 5 acre site adjacent to this property for the future construction of the new DC United major
league soccer stadium. Construction is underway to completely rebuild the existing bulkhead in anticipation of future high rise
development on this property.   

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  

Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements
included in the accompanying 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  

None. 

PART II  

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.  

There were approximately 414 holders of record
of FRP Holdings, Inc. common stock, $.10 par value, as of September 30, 2016. The Company's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq
Stock Market (Symbol FRPH). 

Price Range of Common Stock.  Information
concerning stock prices is included under the caption  Quarterly Results  on page 7 of the Company's 2016 Annual Report
to Shareholders, and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Dividends.  The Company has not paid
a cash dividend in the past and it is the present policy of the Board of Directors not to pay cash dividends. Information concerning
restrictions on the payment of cash dividends is included in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in the accompanying
2016 Annual Report to Shareholders and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans.  Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included
in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers  

(1) On February 4, 2015, the Board
of Directors authorized management to expend up to $5,000,000 to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock from time
to time as opportunities arise. 

Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.  

Information required in response to this Item
6 is included under the caption  Five Year Summary  on page 7 of the Company's 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders and
such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION.  

Information required in response to Item 7
is included under the caption  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
on pages 8 through 18 of the Company s 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders and such information is incorporated herein by
reference. 

Item 7.A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Interest Rate Risk  - We are exposed
to the impact of interest rate changes through our variable-rate borrowings under Credit Agreements with Wells Fargo and First
Tennessee Bank. 

Under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement, the
applicable margin for borrowings at September 30, 2016 was 1.4%. The applicable margin for such borrowings will be increased in
the event that our debt to capitalization ratio as calculated under the Wells Fargo Credit Agreement Facility exceeds a target
level. 

The applicable borrowing margin at September
30, 2016 with First Tennessee Bank was 1.9%. 

At September 30, 2016 a 1% increase in the
current per annum interest rate would result in $68,070 of additional interest expense during the next 12 months under the Wells
Fargo Credit Agreement. The foregoing calculation assumes an instantaneous 1% increase in the rates under the Credit Agreement
and that the principal amount under the Credit Agreement is the amount outstanding as of September 30, 2016. The calculation, therefore,
does not account for the differences in the market rates upon which the interest rates of our indebtedness are based or possible
actions, such as prepayment, which we may take in response to any rate increase. 

For our debt instruments with variable interest
rates, changes in interest rates affect the amount of interest expense incurred. The following table provides information about
the Company s long-term debt and variable rate debt outstanding at September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.  

Information required in response to this Item
8 is included under the caption  Quarterly Results  on page 7 and on pages 19 through 33 of the Company's 2016 Annual
Report to Shareholders. Such information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.  

None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

CONCLUSION REGARDING THE EFFECTIVENESS OF
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and chief accounting officer, we conducted
an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such terms is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer, our
principal financial officer and our chief accounting officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING  

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
in the  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under the framework in the  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , our
management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. 

Hancock Askew   Co., LLP, the independent
registered certified public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, has also audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, as stated
in their report which appears in Item 8. 

CHANGE IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL
REPORTING  

During the fourth quarter of 2016, there were
no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

INHERENT LIMITATIONS OVER INTERNAL CONTROLS  

Our internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

i.  pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of our assets;   

ii.  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and   

iii.  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.   

Internal control over financial reporting cannot
provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility
of human error and circumvention by collusion or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even an effective internal control system
may not prevent or detect material misstatements on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION.  

None. 

PART III  

Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.  

Information regarding the Company s executive
officers and directors (including the disclosure regarding audit committee financial experts), required in response to this Item
10, is included under the captions  Board of Directors and Corporate Governance- Our Board of Directors,   Board
of Directors and Corporate Governance- Board Leadership,   Board of Directors and Corporate Governance- Board Committees, 
 Board of Directors and Corporate Governance- Business Conduct Policies,   Securities Ownership- Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,  and  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  in the Company's Proxy
Statement and such information is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission not later than December 31, 2016. 

The Company has adopted a Financial Code of
Ethical Conduct applicable to its principal executive officers, principal financial officers and principal accounting officers.
A copy of this Financial Code of Ethical Conduct is filed as Exhibit 14 to this Form 10-K. The Financial Code of Ethical Conduct
is available on our web site at  www.frpholdings.com  under the heading  Corporate Governance . 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.  

Information required in response to this Item
11 is included under the captions  Board of Directors and Corporate Governance- Board Committees- Compensation Committee, 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation,   Compensation Discussion and Analysis  and  Executive Compensation 
in the Company's Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than December 31, 2016. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.  

Information required in response
to this Item 12 is included under the captions  Securities Ownership  in the Company's Proxy Statement and such information
is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than
December 31, 2016. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of Securities   

remaining available   

Number of Securities  

for future issuance   

to be issued upon   

Weighted average  
       
      under equity   

exercise of  

exercise price of  
       
      compensation plans   

outstanding options,  

outstanding options,  
       
      (excluding securities   

warrants and rights  

warrants and rights  
       
      reflected in column (a))    
 
      Plan Category  
       
      (a)  

(b)  
       
       (c)    

Equity compensation plans  

approved by security holders  
       
      263,560  

$  
      23.50  
       
      384,430   

Equity compensation plans  

not approved by security holders  
       
      0  

0  
       
      0   

Total  
       
      263,560  

$  
      23.50  
       
      384,430   

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE.  

Information required in response to this Item
13 is included under the caption  Related Party Transactions  and  Board of Directors and Corporate Governance-
Director Independence  in the Company's Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy
Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than December 31, 2016. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
FEES AND SERVICES.  

Information required in response to this Item
14 is included under the captions  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in the Company s Proxy Statement
and such information is incorporated herein by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
not later than December 31, 2016. 

PART IV  

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL
STATEMENT SCHEDULE.  

(a) (1) and (2) Financial Statements
and Financial Statement Schedule. 

The response to this item is
submitted as a separate section. See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule on page 23 of this Form 10 K. 

(3) Exhibits. 

The response to this item is
submitted as a separate section. See Exhibit Index on pages 21 through 22 of this Form 10 K. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

FRP Holdings, Inc.   

Date:  December 12, 2016  
       
      By  
      THOMPSON S. BAKER II  

Thompson S. Baker II  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By  
      JOHN D. MILTON, JR.  

John D. Milton, Jr.  

Executive Vice President, Treasurer,   

Secretary and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

By  
      JOHN D. KLOPFENSTEIN  

John D. Klopfenstein  

Controller and Chief Accounting   

Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
indicated on December 12, 2016. 

/s/ Thompson S. Baker II  
         Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer  
     
          /s/ Charles E. Commander III  
         Charles E. Commander III 
         Director   

/s/ John D. Milton, Jr.  
         Executive Vice President, Treasurer, 
         Secretary and Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)  
     
          /s/ H. W. Shad III  
         H. W. Shad III 
         Director   

/s/ John D. Baker II  
         John D. Baker II 
         Executive Chairman  
     
          /s/ Martin E. Stein, Jr.  
         Martin E. Stein, Jr. 
         Director   

/s/ John D. Klopfenstein  
         John D. Klopfenstein 
         Controller and Chief Accounting
        Officer 
         (Principal Accounting Officer)  
     
          /s/ William H. Walton  
         William H. Walton 
         Director   

FRP HOLDINGS, INC.  

   FORM 10 K FOR THE FISCAL
YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

   EXHIBIT INDEX   

   Item 15(a)(3)   

14.1  
      Financial Code of Ethical Conduct between the Company, Chief Executive Officers and Financial Managers, adopted December 3, 2014.   
 
      21.1  
      Subsidiaries of Registrant at September 30, 2016: Florida Rock Properties, Inc. (a Florida corporation); FRP Development Corp. (a Maryland corporation); FRP Maryland, Inc. (a Maryland corporation); 34 Loveton Center LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); ; Oz LLC(a Maryland limited liability company); 1502 Quarry, LLC(a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Lakeside LLC #1 (a Maryland limited company); FRP Lakeside LLC #2 (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Lakeside LLC #3 (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Lakeside LLC #4 (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Lakeside LLC #5 (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Hillside LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Hillside LLC #2 (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Hillside LLC #3 (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Hillside LLC #4 (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Windsor LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Dorsey LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Bird River LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Interchange LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Azalea LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Manassas LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Hampstead LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Hollander 95 LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP 10820 Gilroy Road LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Transit Business Park (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Kelso LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Oregon Avenue LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Preston Court LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); FRP Port Capital LLC (a Maryland limited liability company); Brooksville Quarry, LLC (a Florida limited liability company, 50% owned by the Company); Lake Louisa, LLC (a Florida limited liability company); FRP Riverfront I, LLC (a Delaware limited liability company); Riverfront Investment Partners I, LLC (a Delaware limited liability company, 77.14% owned by the company); Hillside Business Park Property Owners Association, Inc. (a Maryland corporation); Lakeside Business Park Property Owners Association, Inc. (a Maryland limited liability company) FRP Riverfront I, LLC (a Delaware limited liability company).   
 
      23.1  
      Consent of Hancock Askew   Co., Inc., Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm, appears on page 24 of this Form 10-K.   
 
      31.1  
      Certification of Thompson S. Baker II.   
 
      31.2  
      Certification of Thompson S. Baker II.   
 
      31.3  
      Certification of John D. Klopfenstein.   
 
      32.1  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      99.1  
      Information Statement of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc., dated January 12, 2015, incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2015.   
 
      101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.XSD  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema    
 
      101.CAL  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   
 
      101.DEF  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   
 
      101.LAB  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   
 
      101.PRE  
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

FRP HOLDINGS, INC.  

   INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE  

   (Item 15(a) (1) and 2))   

Page    
 
      Consolidated Financial Statements:  

Consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016  

and 2015  

20  
      (a)   

For the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014:  

Consolidated statements of income  

19  
      (a)   
 
          Consolidated statements of comprehensive income  

19  
      (a)   
 
          Consolidated statements of cash flows  

21  
      (a)   
 
          Consolidated statements of shareholders' equity  

22  
      (a)   

Notes to consolidated financial statements  

23-33  
      (a)   

Report of Independent Registered Certified Public  

Accounting Firm  

34-35  
      (a)   

Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)  

7  
      (a)   

Consent of Independent Registered Certified Public  

Accounting Firm  

24  
      (b)   

Report of Independent Registered Certified Public  

Accounting Firm on Financial Statement Schedule  

24  
      (b)   

Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule:  

III - Real estate and accumulated depreciation and  

Depletion  

25-26  
      (b)   

(a)         Refers to the page number in the Company's 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders.  Such information is incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.   

(b)         Refers to the page number in this Form 10-K  

All other schedules have been omitted, as they are not required under the related instructions, are inapplicable, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements.   

Exhibit 23   

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-55132, 333-125099 and 333-131475) of FRP Holdings, Inc. of our
report dated December 12, 2016 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of FRP Holdings, Inc s
internal control over financial reporting which appears in the Annual Report to Shareholders incorporated by reference herein.
We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated December 12, 2016, relating to the financial statement schedule,
which appears in this Form 10-K. 

Hancock Askew   Co., LLP 

Savannah, Georgia 

 December 12, 2016 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE  

The Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 FRP Holdings, Inc.: 

Our audit of the consolidated financial
statements referred to in our report dated December 12, 2016 appearing in the 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders of FRP Holdings,
Inc. (which report and consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) also
included an audit of the financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)(2) of this Form 10-K. This financial statement schedule
is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statement
schedule based on our audit. In our opinion, the financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. 

Hancock Askew   Co., LLP 

Savannah, Georgia 

 December 12, 2016 

FRP HOLDINGS, INC.  

  SCHEDULE III (CONSOLIDATED) REAL
ESTATE   ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND  

  DEPLETION  (dollars in thousands) 

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

(a)   The
aggregate cost for Federal income tax purposes is $269,546  .  

FRP HOLDINGS, INC.  

  SCHEDULE III (CONSOLIDATED)  
REAL ESTATE AND  

  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND DEPLETION  

  YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016,
2015 AND 2014  

 (In thousands) 

(1) Includes $6,828
of property cost transferred to Investment in Joint Ventures for the joint venture partnership with St. John Properties. 

<EX-13>
 2
 frphex13annual.htm
 FRPH 2016 ANNUAL REPORT

Annual Report 2016  

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 

 Years ended September 30 

 (Amounts in thousands except per
share amounts) 

BUSINESS . FRP Holdings, Inc.
is a holding company engaged in the real estate business, namely (i) warehouse/office building ownership, leasing and management,
(ii) mining royalty land ownership, leasing and management and (iii) land acquisition, entitlement, development and construction
primarily for warehouse/office buildings. The Company s operating subsidiaries are FRP Development Corp. and Florida Rock
Properties, Inc. 

OBJECTIVES . The Company s
objectives are to continue building a substantial real estate company providing sound long-term growth, cash generation and asset
appreciation. 

GROWTH PLAN.  The growth plan
is based on the orderly conversion of our non-income producing lands into income producing properties and the acquisition, development
and management of mining royalty lands and commercial warehouse/office rental properties located in appropriate sub-markets in
order to provide long-term positive cash flows and capital appreciation. 

To Our
Shareholders,  

As one looks at our fiscal 2016 results, there
is much to be pleased with. Revenues are up $2,811,000 (8.11%) over fiscal 2015 and income from continuing operations for fiscal
2016 was $12,024,000 or $1.22 per share versus $6,093,000 or $.62 per share last year. Our real estate team in Baltimore continues
to create shareholder value by converting non-income producing properties into income producing square feet, RiverFront on the
Anacostia is ahead of schedule, and the mining royalties segment had its highest revenue year since 2008. 

Asset Management   

For fiscal 2016 in the Asset Management Segment,
Net Operating Income (NOI), management s chosen metric for measuring shareholder value creation in that segment, grew 4.3%
to $21,944,000. The increase was due mainly to completion of Patriot Business Center s third build-to-suit in November of
2014, the acquisition of the Port Capital building in October of 2015 and the acquisition of the Gilroy Road building in July of
2016. 

These results are reflective of our goal to
create shareholder value by growing earnings and converting non-income producing properties into income producing square feet. 

As we begin 2017, we have an unusually high
number of tenants with expiring leases as a result of several five year leases signed in the aftermath of the last recession. However,
we have every confidence in our Baltimore-based team s ability to deliver on their past performance and continue to grow
shareholder value through our stated goal of turning non-income producing properties into income producing square feet. The combination
of weathering these lease expirations, maintaining same store NOI, and growing our earnings by leveraging our Land Development
and Construction Segment will translate into meaningful shareholder value, particularly in this cap rate environment. 

Mining Royalty   

Due to an increase in tons sold at higher prices,
total revenues in this segment increased 23.6% over last year for a total of $7,533,000. This represents this segment s highest
revenue number since 2008. Total operating profit in this segment was $6,798,000, an increase of $2,642,000 (including a $1,091,000
benefit from reallocating expenses), versus $4,156,000 last year. This marks the sixth year in a row that revenues have increased
in this segment, and is reflective of the economic recovery that the markets served by our properties, particularly in Florida,
have experienced since the depths of the downturn. 

Our management continues to believe we are
still in the early innings of recovery in aggregate shipments. Home building lags replacement rates and there is consensus on both
sides of the political aisle that our nation s infrastructure requires a major overhaul. Any infrastructure spending, particularly
of the magnitude promised in the lead up to the election, would be a boon to construction materials businesses and to this segment.
Our investment in our mining royalty lands segment represent a  long  bet on the Virginia, Georgia, and Florida markets
served by our properties. Both the mining leases and the potential  second lives  of these properties reflect our confidence
in the long term future growth in this segment. 

Land Development and Construction   

This segment is the foundation for all our
future growth. Our overall strategy in this segment is to convert all of our non-income producing lands into income production.
Whether through the orderly development of our existing properties to own and operate, joint ventures, and/or selling land to acquire
developed assets, this segment is how we leverage and convert potential shareholder value into actual income. 

Consistent with our strategy, we completed
construction on a 79,550 square foot spec building at Hollander Business Park that was put into service in the third quarter of
fiscal 2016; started construction on a 103,653 square foot building in Patriot Business Center and pre-leased 51,727 square feet;
and finally in April 2016, we entered into a joint venture agreement to develop 12 office buildings on our remaining lots at Windlass
Run and on adjacent frontage property owned by St. John Properties. 

The remaining pad sites in our inventory today
are fully entitled, located in business parks in four different submarkets in the DC/Baltimore/Northern Virginia area, and can
support an additional +/- 1 million sf. of warehouse/office buildings. Beyond our potential commercial sites, we have two interesting
pieces of property in Square 664E and the former Hampstead Trade Center. 

Square 664E, our two acres on the Anacostia
River at the base of South Capitol Street in an area named Buzzard Point, is approximately one mile down river from our RiverFront
on the Anacostia property. As the development of DC s new soccer stadium continues in the Buzzard Point area, our adjacent
property may become our next RiverFront. 

Though Hampstead was originally purchased as
a commercial business park, management determined that the best use for the property was residential, and we have sought to rezone
the property for that use in order to sell it and redeploy this capital into assets with more near-term income producing potential.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company received approval from the Town of Hampstead and has rezoned the property for
residential use. 

We will continue to monitor all our sites and
their markets, and remain opportunistic regarding their best use. 

RiverFront on the Anacostia   

Management is more than pleased with the progress
and continued success of RiverFront on the Anacostia. We completed construction on Phase I this past October and already have people
in the building. As of October 31, residentially the building is 30.5% occupied and 42.3% leased, while commercially we have leased
80% of our retail spaces, with just one space remaining. As we continue to trend above pro forma for pace and rents, the results
speak clearly that we have an excellent partner in MRP. Looking forward, the company and MRP Realty executed a letter of intent
in May 2016 to develop Phase II. In accordance with our Master Planned Unit Development (PUD) approval, Phase II plans were submitted
to the Zoning Commission for final design approval on June 27, 2016. 

The results of Fiscal 2016 speak to the excellent
work of our management team. Looking forward to 2017, we expect the Asset Management Segment to rise to the challenge presented
by the high number of expiring leases, while continuing to put our land bank to work in creating value for our shareholders. We
have every expectation that our mining royalties segment should continue to grow and grow meaningfully. RiverFront on the Anacostia
continues to impress, as Phase I comes on line and ahead of schedule and Phase II moves forward. 

In conclusion, we thank you not only for your
continued interest and support, but also for the faith in management your investment demonstrates. This is  your  company
and we neither take your investment in it lightly nor for granted. 

Respectfully yours, 

John D. Baker II 

 Executive Chairman 

Thompson S. Baker II 

 Chief Executive Officer 

OPERATING PROPERTIES    

The Company owns (predominately in fee simple
but also through ownership of interests in joint ventures) over 20,000 acres of land in Florida, Georgia, Maryland, Virginia, Delaware,
and the District of Columbia. This land is generally held by the Company in three distinct categories (i) land owned and leased
to mining companies for royalties or rents, (ii) land owned and operated as income producing rental properties predominately in
the form of warehouse/office buildings, and (iii) land owned and held for investment to be further developed for future income
production or sales to third parties. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment   Mining
Properties.  The following table summarizes the Company's mining royalty lands and estimated reserves at September 30,
2016 a substantial portion of which are leased to Vulcan Materials. 

This table excludes the Brooksville, Florida
property, approximately 4,280 acres, as it was transferred on October 4, 2006 to a joint venture with Vulcan Materials Company
( Vulcan Materials ) for future development. 

In May, 2014 the Company entered into an amendment
to our lease agreement for our Ft. Myers location requiring that the mining be accelerated and that the mining plan be conformed
to accommodate the future construction of up to 105 residential dwelling units around the mined lakes. In return, the Company agreed
to sell Lee County a right of way for a connector road that would benefit the residential area on our property and to place a conservation
easement on part of the property. Based on information from our tenant, Vulcan Materials Company, the Company is hopeful that all
necessary permits to commence mining on this property will be received during fiscal 2017. 

During fiscal 2015, the Company also received
positive information from Vulcan Materials with respect to two other locations. With regard to our Manassas, Virginia location,
Vulcan Materials informed us that they recently removed a concrete plant off property owned by the Company which opened up an additional
25 million tons of material to be mined from Company property. Vulcan Materials  current lease term at the Manassas location
expires on May 31, 2020 and they have one additional ten year extension option available. At our Astatula location, Vulcan Materials
began mining on Company property during fiscal 2015 and plans are to continue that mining for the foreseeable future at volumes
commensurate with, or in excess of, those achieved in fiscal 2015. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment - Brooksville
Joint Venture.  On October 4, 2006, a subsidiary of the Company (Florida Rock Properties, Inc.) entered into a Joint Venture
Agreement with Florida Rock Industries, Inc. (which was acquired by Vulcan Materials in 2007) to form Brooksville Quarry, LLC,
a real estate joint venture, to develop approximately 4,280 acres of land near Brooksville, Florida as a mixed-use community. In
April 2011, the Florida Department of Community Affairs issued its Final Order approving the development of the Project consisting
of 5,800 residential dwelling units and over 600,000 square feet of commercial and 850,000 of light industrial uses. The Master 

Plan zoning for the Project was approved by
the County in August 2012. Vulcan Materials still mines on the property and the Company receives 100% of the royalty on all tons
sold at the Brooksville location. In fiscal 2016, 404,000 tons were sold and estimated reserves were 5,698,000 as of September
30, 2016. During fiscal 2015, the Company agreed to extend the mining lease on this property for an additional four years, through
the year 2022, in exchange for an immediate increase in the annual minimum royalty and a higher royalty rate on tons sold and mined
from the property. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment - Other Properties .
The segment also owns an additional 1,923 acres of investment properties in Gulf Hammock (approximately 1,600 acres currently on
the market for $4.5 million), Brooksville, Palatka, and Polk County, Florida and Yatesville and Henderson, Georgia. 

Asset Management Segment.   As of September
30, 2016, the Asset Management Segment owned 42 warehouse/office buildings, totaling 3,880,365 square feet, all of which (with
the exception of one building) are in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States as follows: 

1) Hillside Business Park in Anne Arundel County,
Maryland consists of four warehouse/office buildings and one suburban office building totaling 567,473 square feet. 

2) Lakeside Business Park in Harford County,
Maryland consists of nine warehouse/office buildings totaling 893,722 square feet. 

3) 6920 Tudsbury Road in Baltimore County,
Maryland consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 86,100 square feet. 

4) 8620 Dorsey Run Road in Howard County, Maryland
consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 85,100 square feet. 

5) Rossville Business Center in Baltimore County,
Maryland consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 190,517 square feet. 

6) 34 Loveton Circle in suburban Baltimore
County, Maryland consists of one office building totaling 33,708 square feet (24% of the space is occupied by the Company for use
as our Baltimore headquarters). 

7) Oregon Business Center in Anne Arundel County,
Maryland consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 195,615 square feet. 

8) Arundel Business Center in Howard County,
Maryland consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 162,796 square feet. 

9) 100-200 Interchange Boulevard in New Castle
County, Delaware consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 303,006 square feet. 

10) Windlass Run Business Park in Baltimore
County, Maryland consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 69,474 square feet. 

 11) 155 E. 21 st  Street in
Duval County, Florida consists of one office building totaling 68,757 square feet. 

 12) Hollander 95 Business Park in Baltimore
City, Maryland consists of two warehouse/office building totaling 162,350 square feet. 

 13) Patriot Business Park in Prince
William County, Virginia consists of three warehouse/office buildings totaling 373,000 square feet. 

 14) Transit Business Park in Baltimore,
Maryland consists of five buildings totaling 232,318 square feet. 

 15) Kelso Business Park in Baltimore
County, Maryland, consists of two warehouse/office buildings totaling 69,680 

square feet. 

 16) 1187 Azalea Garden Road in Norfolk,
VA consists of one warehouse totaling 188,093 square feet.  

17) 10820 Gilroy Road in Baltimore County,
Maryland, consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 107,438 square feet. 

18) 7700 Port Capital Drive in Howard County,
Maryland consists of one warehouse/office building totaling 91,218 square feet. 

Land Development and Construction Segment
  Warehouse/Office Land.  

At September 30, 2016 this segment owned the
following future development parcels: 

1)  20 acres of horizontally developed land available for future construction of an additional 286,500
square feet of warehouse/office product at Lakeside Business Park in Harford County, Maryland.   

2)  17.5 acres of horizontally developed land available for future construction of 164,500 square feet
of office buildings representing our 50% interest in a joint venture at Windlass Run Business Park in Baltimore County, Maryland.   

3)  25 acres of horizontally developed land available for future construction of 202,653 square feet
of warehouse/office product at Patriot Business Park in Prince William County, Virginia.   

4)  33 acres of horizontally developed land available for future construction of 319,950 square feet
of warehouse, office, hotel and flex buildings at Hollander 95 Business Park in Baltimore City, Maryland.   

Land Development and Construction Segment
  Land Held for Investment or Sale.  

1)  The Windlass Run Residential (previously Bird River) Phase 2 property consists of 74 useable acres
located in southeastern Baltimore County, Maryland, adjacent to our Windlass Run Business Park. The Company rezoned the property
in September 2007 to allow for additional residential density. The Company executed two contracts on April 17, 2013 for the sale
of phase 1 of the property in the quarter ending September 30, 2013 for $8.0 million and the balance for $11.0 million approximately
18 months later. The sale of phase 1 was completed in August of 2013 and resulted in a gain of $4,928,000. The sale of phase two
was originally scheduled to close in March of 2015 but was extended by the Buyer on March 20, 2015 with payment of an $187,754
extension fee to allow closing on or before September 30, 2015. Closing occurred on October 30, 2015.   

2)  The RiverFront on the Anacostia property is a 5.8 acre parcel of real estate in Washington D.C.
that fronts the Anacostia River and is adjacent to the Washington Nationals Baseball Park. The approved planned unit development
permits the Company to develop a four building, mixed use project, containing approximately 545,800 square feet of office and retail
uses and approximately 569,600 square feet of residential and hotel uses. The approved development would include numerous publicly
accessible open spaces and a waterfront esplanade along the Anacostia River.   

On March 30, 2012 the Company entered
into a Contribution Agreement with MRP SE Waterfront Residential, LLC. ( MRP ) to form a joint venture to develop the
first phase only of the four phase master development known as RiverFront on the Anacostia in Washington, D.C. The purpose of the
Joint Venture is to develop, own, lease and ultimately sell a 305 unit residential apartment building (including approximately
18,000 square feet of retail) on approximately 2 acres of the site. The joint venture, RiverFront Investment Partners I, LLC ( RiverFront
I ) was formed in June 2013 as contemplated. The Company contributed land with an agreed to value of $13,500,000 (cost basis
of $6,165,000) and contributed cash of $4,866,000 to the Joint Venture for a 76.91% stake in the venture. MRP contributed capital
of $5,553,000 to the joint venture including development costs paid prior to formation of the joint venture. The Joint Venture
closed on $17,000,000 of EB5 secondary financing and a nonrecourse construction loan for $65,000,000 on August 8, 2014. Both of
these financings are non-recourse to 

the Company. Construction commenced
in October 2014 and occupancy started in August 2016. The Company s equity interest in the joint venture is accounted for
under the equity method of accounting as MRP acts as the administrative agent of the joint venture and oversees and controls the
day to day operations of the project. 

On August 24, 2015, in anticipation
of commencing construction of the new Frederick Douglass bridge at a location immediately to the West of the existing bridge, the
District of Columbia filed a Declaration of Taking for a total of 7,390 square feet of permanent easement and a 5,022 square foot
temporary construction easement on land along the western boundary of the land that will ultimately hold Phase III and IV. Previously,
the Company and the District had conceptually agreed to a land swap with no compensation that would have permitted the proposed
new bridge, including construction easements, to be on property wholly owned by the District. As a result, the Planned Unit Development
was designed and ultimately approved by the Zoning Commission as if the land swap would occur once the District was ready to move
forward with the new bridge construction. In September 2016 the Company received $1,115,400 as settlement for the easement. The
Company will continue to seek an agreement from the District that the existing bridge easement will terminate when the new bridge
has been placed in service and the existing bridge has been removed. The Company s position is that otherwise Phase IV will
be adversely impacted and additional compensation or other relief will be due the Company. 

3)  The Hampstead Trade Center property in Hampstead, Carroll County, Maryland is a 117 acre parcel
located adjacent to the State Route 30 bypass. The parcel was previously zoned for industrial use. In the fourth quarter of fiscal
2016, the Company received approval from the Town of Hampstead and has rezoned the property for residential use. Management believes
this to be a higher and best use of the property.   

4)  The Square 664E property is approximately 2 acres and sits on the Anacostia River at the base of
South Capitol Street approximately 1 mile down river from our RiverFront on the Anacostia property. This property is currently
under lease to Vulcan Materials for use as a concrete batch plant. The lease terminates on August 31, 2021 and Vulcan has the option
to renew for one additional period of five (5) years. In the quarter ending December 31, 2014, the District of Columbia announced
that it had selected an approximate 5 acre site adjacent to this property for the future construction of the new DC United major
league soccer stadium. Construction is underway to completely rebuild the existing bulkhead in anticipation of future high rise
development on this property.   

Real Estate Summary Schedule
at September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands).  

Five Year Summary-Years ended September 30 

 (Amounts in thousands except per share amounts) 

Quarterly Results  (unaudited) 

 (Dollars in thousands except per
share amounts) 

(a) Earnings per share of common stock is computed
independently for each quarter presented. The sum of the quarterly net earnings per share of common stock for a year may not equal
the total for the year due to rounding differences. 

(b) All prices represent high and
low daily closing prices as reported by The Nasdaq Stock Market. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion includes certain non-GAAP
financial measures ( adjusted ) within the meaning of Regulation G promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
( Regulation G ) to supplement the financial results as reported in accordance with GAAP. Post Spin-off we are reporting
any net gain/(loss) from the transportation business as  discontinued operations  and we currently have no other discontinued
operations being reported. GAAP accounting rules do not allow corporate overhead expenses to be allocated to a discontinued operation
of the Company; thus, those corporate expenses attributable to the transportation business prior to the spin-off are charged to
the Company as part of continuing operations. The non-GAAP financial measures discussed below are adjusted income from continuing
operations and adjusted consolidated operating profit. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude the corporate management fees
attributable to the transportation business prior to the spin-off that are not allocable to the transportation business due to
it being a discontinued operation. The Company uses these metrics to analyze its continuing operations and to monitor, assess,
and identify meaningful trends in its operating and financial performance. These measures are not, and should not be viewed as,
substitutes for GAAP financial measures. Refer to  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  below in this annual report for a more
detailed discussion, including reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial
measures. 

Executive Overview   

FRP Holdings, Inc. ( FRP  or the
 Company ) is a holding company engaged in the real estate business, namely (i) warehouse/office building ownership,
leasing and management, (ii) mining royalty land ownership, leasing and management, and (iii) land acquisition, entitlement, development
and construction mainly for warehouse/office buildings. 

On January 30, 2015, FRP completed the tax-free
spin-off of its transportation business ( Spin-off ) into a new, separately traded public company, Patriot Transportation
Holding, Inc. ( Patriot ). In the Spin-off, FRP distributed all of the outstanding stock of Patriot to FRP s
shareholders as of the record date of January 9, 2015. FRP s shareholders received one share of Patriot common stock for
every three shares of FRP common stock owned on the record date. Patriot is now an independent publicly-traded company, and FRP
retains no ownership in Patriot. FRP retained the real estate business, which is now the sole business of the Company. As a result,
the former transportation segment is reported as a discontinued operation without any corporate overhead allocation. Hence, all
corporate overhead attributable to the transportation group through the date of the spin-off is included in  corporate expense 
on the Company s historical consolidated income statements. 

Following the completion of the spin-off of
the transportation business, management conducted a strategic review of the Company s real estate operations.  As a
result of this review, Management determined that the information that the Company s chief operating decision makers regularly
review for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance, had changed. Therefore, beginning with the quarter ending
March 31, 2015 (with prior periods adjusted accordingly), the Company is reporting its financial performance based on three reportable
segments, Asset Management, Mining Royalty Lands and Land Development and Construction, as described below. 

Our Mining and Royalties segment remains unaffected,
but our former Developed Property Rentals segment has been broken down into an Asset Management segment and a Land Development
and Construction segment to reflect how management now evaluates the real estate activities previously presented in the Developed
Property Rentals segment. The 

Asset Management segment contains all the developed
buildings capable of producing current rental income. The Land Development and Construction segment contains the remaining developable
land that is generally in a pre-income production state where objectives are long term capital investment in an effort to bring
such property to income producing status or realization of its fair market value through sales or exchange. 

Prior to the quarter ending December 31, 2015
certain corporate expenses (primarily stock compensation, corporate aircraft and one-time Spin-off related expenses) were reported
as  unallocated  on the Company s consolidated income statement and were not allocated to any business segment.
Effective with fiscal 2016 all corporate expenses, other than those not allocated to discontinued operations, have been allocated.
Reclassifications to the appropriate prior period line items and amounts have been made to be comparable to the current presentation.
See Note 11 for a breakdown of corporate expenses showing the amounts allocated to the segments and the amounts unallocated to
discontinued operations. 

The Company s operations are influenced
by a number of external and internal factors. External factors include levels of economic and industrial activity in the United
States and the Southeast, construction activity and costs, aggregates sales by lessees from the Company s mining properties,
interest rates, market conditions in the Baltimore/Northern Virginia/Washington DC area, and our ability to obtain zoning and entitlements
necessary for property development. Internal factors include administrative costs and group health claims experience. 

Highlights of Fiscal 2016  . 

For fiscal 2016 in the Asset Management Segment,
net operating income, management s chosen metric for measuring shareholder value creation in that segment, grew 4.3% to $21,944,000. 

 Revenues for the Mining Royalty Lands segment
were up 23.6% as we saw several of our locations improve on volumes during fiscal 2016. 

 Adjusted operating profit improved to $15,383,000,
a 16% increase over fiscal 2015. 

Asset Management Segment.   

The Asset Management segment
owns, leases and manages warehouse/office buildings located predominately in the Baltimore/Northern Virginia/Washington, DC market
area.  We focus primarily on owning flexible type facilities that cater to the maximum number of tenant types. As most of
our buildings are less than 150,000 square feet, we focus on local and regional vs. national tenants. Hands-on service provided
by our in-house construction and property management teams keeps us close to our tenant base. These practices are the cornerstone
of our mission to provide the highest quality product and services at competitive rates resulting in tenant satisfaction and ultimately,
retention. 

These assets create revenue
and cash flows through tenant rental payments, lease management fees and reimbursements for building operating costs. The major
cash outlays incurred in this segment are for operating expenses, real estate taxes, building repairs, lease commissions and other
lease closing costs, construction of tenant improvements, capital to acquire existing operating buildings and closing costs related
thereto and personnel costs of our property management team. Of the 42 buildings we own today, 27 were constructed by the Company
through what is now known as our Land Development and Construction segment. Additionally, over the years, we have opportunistically
acquired 15 existing operating buildings, typically in connection with a deferred like-kind (Section 1031) exchange opportunity. 
Today, this segment consists of 3.9 million square feet. 

The following table shows the
total developed square footage and occupancy rates of our flex office/warehouse and office parks at September 30, 2016: 

Management focuses on several
factors to measure our success on a comparative basis in this segment. The major factors we focus on are (1) revenue growth, (2)
net operating income, (3) growth in occupied square feet, (4) actual occupancy rate, (5) average annual occupied square feet, (6)
average annual occupancy rate (defined as the occupied sf at the end of each month during a fiscal year divided by the number of
months to date in that fiscal year as a percentage of the average number of square feet in the portfolio over that same time period),
(7) growth of our portfolio (in square feet), and (8) tenant retention success rate (as a percentage of total square feet to be
renewed). 

Mining Royalty Lands
Segment.   

Our Mining Royalty Lands segment owns several properties
comprising approximately 15,000 acres currently under lease for mining rents or royalties (this does not include the 4,280 acres
owned in our Brooksville joint venture with Vulcan Materials).  Other than one location in Virginia, all of these properties
are located in Florida and Georgia.  The typical lease in this segment requires the tenant to pay us a royalty based on the
number of tons of mined materials sold from our property during a given fiscal year multiplied by a percentage of the average annual
sales price per ton sold. As a result of this royalty payment structure, we do not bear the cost risks associated with the mining
operations, however, we are subject to the cyclical nature of the construction markets in these States as both volumes and prices
tend to fluctuate through those cycles. In certain locations, typically where the reserves on our property have been depleted but
the tenant still has a need for the leased land, we collect a fixed annual rental amount. We believe strongly in the potential
for future growth in construction in Florida, Georgia, and Virginia which would positively benefit our profitability in this segment. 
Our mining properties had estimated remaining reserves of 415 million tons as of September 30, 2016 after a total of 6.9 million
tons were consumed in fiscal 2016. 

The major expenses in this
segment are comprised of collection and accounting for royalties, management s oversight of the mining leases, land entitlement
for post-mining uses and property taxes at our non-leased locations and at our Grandin location which, unlike our other leased
mining locations, are not paid by the tenant.  As such, our costs in this business are very low as a percentage of revenue,
are relatively stable and are not affected by increases in production at our locations. Our current mining tenants include Vulcan
Materials, Martin Marietta and Cemex, among others.  

Additionally, these locations
provide us with excellent opportunities for valuable  second lives  for these assets through proper land planning and
entitlement. 

Significant  2 nd 
life  Mining Lands:   

Location    
        Acreage    
        Status      
 
      Brooksville, Fl  
      4,280 +/-  
      Development of Regional of Impact and County Land Use and Master Zoning in place for 5,800 residential unit, mixed-use development   
 
      Ft. Myers, FL   
      1,993 +/-  
      Approval in place for 105, 1 acre, waterfront residential lots after mining completed.   
 
      Gulf Hammock, Fl  
      1,600 +/-  
      Currently on the market for $4.5 million   
 
       Total   
       7,873 +/-   

Land Development and
Construction Segment.   

Through our Land Development
and Construction segment, we own and are continuously monitoring for their  highest and best use  several parcels of
land that are in various stages of development.  Our overall strategy in this segment is to convert all of our non-income
producing lands into income production through (i) an orderly process of constructing new warehouse/office buildings for us to
own and operate or (ii) a sale to, or joint venture with, third parties. 

 Revenues in this segment
are generated predominately from land sales and interim property rents. The significant cash outlays incurred in this segment are
for land acquisition costs, entitlement costs, property taxes, design and permitting, the personnel costs of our in-house management
team and horizontal and vertical construction costs. 

 Since 1990, one of our primary
strategies in this segment has been to acquire, entitle and ultimately develop commercial/industrial business parks providing 5 15
building pads which we typically convert into warehouse/office buildings. To date, our management team has converted 26 of these
pads into developed buildings that we continue to own and manage through the Asset Management segment. Our typical practice has
been to transfer these assets to the Asset Management segment on the earlier to occur of (i) commencement of rental revenue or
(ii) issuance of the certificate of occupancy. We have also opportunistically sold several of these pad sites over time to third
party  users .  

The remaining pad sites
in our inventory today are fully entitled, located in business parks in four different submarkets in the DC/Baltimore/Northern
Virginia area, and can support an additional +/- 1 million sf. of warehouse/office buildings.  

  Summary of Our Remaining
Lot Inventory:   

We completed a third build-to-suit
building for the same tenant at our Patriot Business Park and transferred that asset to the Asset Management segment on or about
November 2014 when the building was approved for occupancy. Having sites ready for vertical construction has rewarded us in the
past.  It is the main reason why we were able to convert 3 of our finished pads at Patriot Business Park into build-to-suit
opportunities in 2012, 2013 and 2014.  We completed construction on a 79,550 square foot spec building at Hollander Business
Park that was put into service in the third quarter of fiscal 2016. Also in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 we started construction
on a 103,653 square foot building in Patriot Business 

Center and pre-leased 51,727
square feet. In April, 2016 we entered into a joint venture agreement to develop 12 office buildings on our remaining lots at Windlass
Run and on adjacent frontage property owned by St. John Properties. We will continue to actively monitor these submarkets where
we have lots ready for construction and take advantage of the opportunities presented to us. 

In addition to the inventory
of finished building lots, we have several other properties that were either spun-off to us from Florida Rock Industries in 1986
or acquired by us from unrelated 3rd parties. These properties, as a result of our  highest and best use  studies,
are being prepared for income generation through sale or joint venture with third parties, and in certain cases we are leasing
these properties on an interim basis for an income stream while we wait for the development market to mature. 

Our strategy when selling parcels
outright is to attempt to convert the proceeds into income producing real estate for our Asset Management segment through a Section
1031 tax-deferred exchange. An example of this is the Windlass Run 179 acre tract purchased for $5.2 million in 2002. When purchased,
the entire parcel was zoned for commercial/industrial uses. Today, some 70 acres of this original tract makes up our Windlass Run
Business Park. We successfully rezoned the remaining acreage for medium density residential development and on April 17, 2013,
we entered into a contract to sell the residential portion of the property for $19 million. The first phase of the Windlass Run
residential land was sold for 

 $8 million and the proceeds
were used in a Section 1031 exchange to acquire our Transit Business Park in 2013. Phase 2 was sold in November, 2015 for $11.1
million and we used $9.9 million of the proceeds to acquire the fully leased Port Capital Building. 

An example of property in this
segment being developed through joint venture is Phase I of our RiverFront on the Anacostia project which was contributed to a
joint venture with MRP in 2014 and is now under construction as a 305 unit apartment building including 18,000 sf of ground floor
retail. 

Significant Investment Lands Inventory:  

RIVERFRONT ON THE
ANACOSTIA:  

 This property consists of 5.8
acres on the Anacostia River and is immediately adjacent to the Washington National s baseball park in the SE Central Business
District of Washington, DC. Once zoned for industrial use and under a ground lease, this property is no longer under lease and
has been rezoned for the construction of approximately 1.1M square feet of  mixed-use  development in four phases.
In 2014, approximately 2.1 acres (Phase I) of the total 5.8 acres was contributed to a joint venture owned by the Company (77%)
and our partner, MRP Realty (23%), and construction commenced in October 2014 on a 305 unit residential apartment building with
approximately 18,000 sq. ft. of first floor retail space. Lease up commenced in May 2016 and is expected to continue into fiscal
2017. Pre-leasing activity for the 305 residential units commenced in late May of 2016 and as of September 30, 2016 the residential
units were 36.8% leased and 22.0% occupied. Phases II, III and IV are slated for residential, office, and hotel/residential buildings,
respectively, all with permitted first floor retail uses. The company and MRP Realty executed a letter of intent in May 2016 to
develop Phase II. In accordance with our Master Planned Unit Development (PUD) approval, Phase II plans were submitted to the Zoning
Commission for final design approval on June 27, 2016. 

On August 24, 2015, in anticipation
of commencing construction of the new Frederick Douglass bridge at a location immediately to the West of the existing bridge, the
District of Columbia filed a Declaration of Taking for a total of 7,390 square feet of permanent easement and a 5,022 square foot
temporary construction easement on land along the western boundary of the land that will ultimately hold Phase III and IV. Previously,
the Company and the District had conceptually agreed to a land swap with no compensation that would have permitted the proposed
new bridge, including construction easements, to be on property wholly owned by the District. As a result, the Planned Unit Development
was designed and ultimately approved by the Zoning Commission as if the land swap would occur once the District was ready to move
forward with the new bridge construction. In September 2016 the Company received $1,115,400 as settlement for the easement. The
Company will continue to seek an agreement from the District that the existing bridge easement will terminate when the new bridge
has been placed in service and the existing bridge has been removed. The Company s position is that otherwise Phase IV will
be adversely impacted and additional compensation or other relief will be due the Company. 

HAMPSTEAD TRADE
CENTER:  We purchased this 117 acre tract in 2005 for $4.3 million in a Section 1031 exchange with plans of developing it as
a commercial business park. The  great recession  caused us to reassess our plans for this property. As a result, Management
has determined that the prudent course of action is to attempt to rezone the property for residential uses and sell the entire
tract to another developer such that we can redeploy this capital into assets with more near-term income producing potential. In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company received approval from the Town of Hampstead and has rezoned the property for residential
use. 

  SQUARE 664E, WASHINGTON,
DC  

 This property sits
on the Anacostia River at the base of South Capitol Street in an area named Buzzard Point, approximately 1 mile down river from
our RiverFront on the Anacostia property. The Square 664E property consists of approximately 2 acres and is currently under lease
to Vulcan Materials for use as a concrete batch plant. The lease terminates on August 31, 2021 and Vulcan has the option to renew
for one additional period of five (5) years. In the quarter ending December 31, 2014, the District of Columbia announced that it
had selected Buzzard Point for the future site of the new DC United major league soccer stadium. The selected stadium location
is separated from our property by just one small industrial lot. 

COMPARATIVE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

  Fiscal Year 2016 versus 2015  

Consolidated Results   

Income from continuing operations for
fiscal 2016 was $12,024,000 or $1.22 per share versus $6,093,000 or $.62 per share last year. Fiscal 2016 included $.43 per share
from a gain on land sale of $6,029,000 and income of $1,000,000 from the $3 million environmental claim cash settlement received
offset by a $2 million estimated liability for environmental remediation on Phase II. Post Spin-off we are reporting any net gain/(loss)
from the transportation business as  discontinued operations  and we currently have no other discontinued operations
being reported. For fiscal 2016 we received no benefit to after tax net income versus a $2,179,000 benefit last year. Additionally,
GAAP accounting rules do not allow corporate overhead expense to be allocated to a discontinued operation of the Company which
resulted in fiscal 2015 including $1,081,000 of corporate overhead expense to the Company that was associated with the discontinued
transportation operations. 

 Total revenues were up $2,811,000, or
8.1%, versus the same period last year. Consolidated adjusted total operating profit in fiscal 2016 (excluding the positive impacts
of the environmental settlement/expense (net) in this period and the negative impact of corporate expense not allocable to discontinued
operations in the prior year) was up 16% over last year (see table  Non-GAAP Financial Measures). 

Asset Management   

Highlights of Fiscal 2016  

Revenue was up $1,169,000, or 4.2%, over the
same period last year due to the addition of income producing square feet to our portfolio. 

Total revenues in this segment were $28,739,000,
up $1,169,000 or 4.2%, over last year. Net operating income in this 

segment for fiscal 2016 was $21,944,000, compared
to $21,043,000 last year, an increase of 4.3%. The increase was due mainly to completion of the third build-to-suit in the middle
of the 2nd quarter last year, the acquisition of the Port Capital building in October of 2015 and the acquisition of the Gilroy
Road building in July of 2016. 

Depreciation and amortization expense increased
primarily due to the two building purchases in fiscal 2016, accelerated depreciation of $139,000 for tenant improvements removed
for a new tenant, and the write-off of prepaid commissions related to the bankruptcy of one of our tenants, ITT Educational Services.
Corporate expense increased due to the Reallocation and higher professional fees. 

Mining Royalty Lands Segment Results   

Highlights of Fiscal 2016  

Mining Royalty and rents revenue were up $1,444,000,
or 24%, as tons sold continued to increase at several of our locations. 

Total revenues in this segment were $7,533,000,
an increase of 23.6%, versus $6,094,000 last year due to an increase in tons sold. Total operating profit in this segment was $6,798,000,
an increase of $2,642,000 (inclusive of a $1,091,000 benefit from the Reallocation), versus $4,156,000 last year. 

Land Development and Construction Segment Results   

Highlights of Fiscal 2016  

The Company executed a letter of intent with
MRP Realty in May 2016 to develop Phase II of the Riverfront on the Anacostia project and recorded an estimated environmental remediation
expense of $2.0 million for the Company s estimated liability under the proposed agreement. 

Beyond the aforementioned rezoning of Hampstead
and settling the easement at Anacostia, during fiscal 2016 this segment successfully closed on the sale of Phase II of the Windlass
Run residential land (a non-income producing property) for $11,288,000. Using $9,900,000 of the proceeds from that sale in a Section
1031 exchange, the Asset Management segment acquired the Port Capital building, a 91,218 square foot, 100% occupied warehouse with
first full year projected rental revenue of $594,000. Management successfully completed negotiations and entered into a $3,000,000
settlement of environmental claims against our former tenant at the Riverfront on the Anacostia property and continues to pursue
settlement negotiations with other potentially responsible parties. The Company executed a letter of intent with MRP Realty in
May 2016 to develop Phase II of the Riverfront on the Anacostia project and recorded an estimated environmental remediation expense
of $2.0 million for the Company s estimated liability under the proposed agreement. Construction of the 79,550 square foot
spec warehouse at Hollander Business Park was completed during the third quarter of this fiscal year and transferred to the Asset
Management segment for lease-up. Also in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 we started construction on a 103,653 square foot building
in Patriot Business Center and pre-leased 51,727 square feet. 

Fiscal Year 2015 versus 2014  

Consolidated Results   

Fiscal 2015 total revenues for the
Company were up 11.8% to $34,646,000. Adjusted income from continuing operations was $6,752,000 versus $6,822,000 in fiscal 2014.
The decrease in adjusted income from continuing operations was due primarily to a (i) $648,000 increase in interest expense and
(ii) $476,000 gain on investment land sold in fiscal 2014 versus a loss of $34,000 on investment land sold in fiscal 2015. Interest
expense was greater primarily as a result of $722,000 more in capitalized interest in fiscal 2014 and $116,000 in prepayment penalties
as the Company prepaid the $1,314,000 remaining principal balance on 8.55% and 7.95% mortgages in January. Adjusted operating profit
improved to $13,262,000, a 6.7% increase over fiscal 2014. 

 The increase in revenues is mostly
attributable to increases in rental rates, occupancy and total occupied square feet in our Asset Management segment and improved
volumes at several of our mining locations. These increases were offset by increases in (i) depreciation expense ($673,000) due
to the addition of assets to the portfolio, (ii) non-reimbursed property taxes, currently under appeal ($198,000 at our Anacostia
Phase II-IV property), (iii) higher interest expense ($648,000) as a result of less capitalized interest in this period, and (iv)
higher management ($223,000) and corporate expense ($768,000). Corporate expense increased due to (i) corporate level bonuses being
paid in fiscal 2015 versus no corporate level bonuses in fiscal 2014, (ii) an increase in director compensation, and (iii) the
additional cost of operating as a separate stand-alone public company. 

Asset Management   

We continue to add square feet to this segment s
portfolio (129,850 in fiscal 2015) through construction and acquisition as we convert our non-income producing properties into
income production. For fiscal 2015, net operating income, management s chosen metric for measuring shareholder value creation
in this segment, grew 12.4% to $21,043,000. Rental revenues in this segment were $22,946,000 in 2015, up $2,109,000 or 10.1% over
fiscal 2014, due to increases in rental rates, occupancy and total occupied square feet as we have continued to add new buildings
to the portfolio over the previous four fiscal years. Cost of operations increased $1,450,000 in 2015 due mainly to higher depreciation
and higher property taxes as a result of the addition of new assets to the portfolio and higher corporate expenses. Operating profit
in 2015 was $12,040,000, up $1,295,000 or 12.1%. Average annual occupancy was 90.8% during fiscal 2015 versus 89.8% during fiscal
2014. Rent growth for leases renewed during fiscal 2015 showed a 6.95% increase over the prior lease term. Over half of those renewals
were from leases that had terms beginning in late 2009 and early 2010 when rental rates were far more in favor of the tenant. 

Mining Royalty Lands   

Mining sales volumes at several of our
locations increased in fiscal 2015 resulting in an overall increase of 1,161,652 tons sold, up 23.4% over fiscal 2014. As a result,
royalty revenues were $5,999,000, up $743,000 or 14.1% in fiscal 2015. Our operating profit in 2015 was $4,156,000, up $437,000
or 11.8% versus fiscal 2014. We believe that volumes will continue to increase at our locations as construction activity in Florida
and Georgia improves, and Vulcan (i) continues the recent commencement of mining on our property at Astatula, (ii) shifts most
of their production to our property at Manassas for the foreseeable future and (iii) is successful at obtaining final permit approval
for our Ft. Myers location. 

Land Development and Construction   

The
Land Development and Construction segment is responsible for seeking opportunities to acquire existing income producing properties
and managing and developing our non-income producing properties into income production; thus, this segment receives minimal revenues
but incurs significant costs to accomplish this objective .  During
fiscal 2015, Management primarily focused its time in this segment on (i) working with our joint venture partner on the management
of the on-going construction of Phase I at Riverfront on the Anacostia (n/k/a  Dock 79 ), (ii) completion of the third
build to suit at Patriot Business Park (iii) commencement of construction of a new 80,000 square foot spec warehouse/office building
at our Hollander Business Park (iv) the sale of Windlass Run Residential Phase 2 and the evaluation of suitable Section 1031 replacement
properties and (v) the evaluation of a proposed joint venture for the development and construction of a single story office park
on the remainder of our undeveloped lands in the Windlass Run Business Park. In fiscal 2015, we invested over $4,085,000 with respect
to the capital projects reported in this segment. Revenues were  

$982,000, up $178,000, over last year due mainly
to higher real estate tax reimbursement from the ground lease at our Square 664E property in D.C. Costs of operating this segment
were $3,916,000 in fiscal 2015 which was an increase of $1,073,000 driven primarily by higher property taxes ($479,000) due to
the increase in assessed values of our 664E property and our Phases II-IV land at our Anacostia property and higher operating expenses
($181,000) as we undertook work to begin the reconstruction of the bulkhead at our Square 664E property in anticipation of future
high rise development. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

The growth of the Company s businesses
requires significant cash needs to acquire and develop land or operating buildings and to construct new buildings and tenant improvements.
As of September 30, 2016, we had $5,765,000 borrowed under our $20 million Wells Fargo revolver, $2,442,000 outstanding under letters
of credit and $11,793,000 available to borrow under the revolver. The Company closed on a $20 million secured revolver with First
Tennessee Bank on July 24, 2015 and as of September 30, 2016, we had $1,042,000 borrowed and $18,958,000 available to borrow under
the revolver. First Tennessee has also committed to provide an additional $20 million of secured financing to the Company on a
ten year term loan amortizing on a twenty five (25) year basis. We expect to close on this second loan with First Tennessee during
fiscal 2017. 

Cash Flows  - The following table summarizes
our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for each of the periods presented (in thousands of dollars): 

Operating Activities -  Net cash provided
by operating activities increased $2,264,000 to $19,490,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The total of net income plus
depreciation, depletion and amortization less gains on sales of property and equipment decreased $1,678,000 versus the same period
last year. These changes are described above under  Comparative Results of Operations . The current period includes
$5,261,000 less cash used to reduce accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The current period includes $1,694,000 larger increases
to deferred and current income tax payables due to a 1031 exchange and other timing differences. Income and net cash from discontinued
operations provided $4,984,000 benefit to the same period last year. The same period last year included offsetting increases to
deferred income taxes and prepayment of current year income taxes. 

In 2015, net cash provided by operating activities
was $17,226,000 compared to $23,354,000 in 2014 due to the completion of build-to-suit s and a $1,720,000 reduction in environmental
remediation liability in 2015. 

Investing Activities  - For the year
ended September 30, 2016, cash required by investing activities increased $5,331,000 to $15,039,000. The prior period discontinued
operations cash required was $2,694,000 higher. Cash required by investing activities for continuing operations increased $8,025,000
due to buildings acquired during 2016. Proceeds from the sale of the Windlass Run Residential Phase 2 property of $11,288,000 was
used in a tax deferred reverse Section 1031 exchange to acquire the Port Capital property for a total purchase price of $9,900,000.
In July, 2016 the Gilroy Road building was purchased for $8,300,000. 

In 2015, cash required by investing activities
was $9,708,000 compared to $39,371,000 in 2014 due to increased construction activity in 2014. 

Financing Activities   
For the year ended September 30, 2016, cash required by financing activities was $4,870,000 

versus $8,112,000 in 2015. The prior
period discontinued operations cash used was $1,631,000 higher due to debt repayment in the same period last year. Cash required
by financing activities for continuing operations was $1,611,000 lower in the current period primarily due debt prepayment in the
same period last year. 

In January 2015 the Company prepaid the $1,314,000
remaining principal balance on 8.55% and 7.95% mortgages. The prepayment penalty of $116,000 is included in interest expense. The
remaining deferred loan costs of $15,000 were also included in interest expense. 

In 2015, cash required by financing
activities was $8,112,000 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $16,528,000 in 2014 due to debt prepayments and
payments on the revolver. 

Credit Facilities -  On January
30, 2015, in connection with the Spin-off, the Company terminated its $55 million credit facility entered with Wells Fargo Bank,
N.A. in 2012 and simultaneously entered into a new five year credit agreement with Wells Fargo with a maximum facility amount of
$20 million (the  Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides a revolving credit facility (the  Revolver )
with a $10 million sublimit available for standby letters of credit. At the time of the Spin-off, the Company refinanced $10,483,000
of borrowings then outstanding on the terminated revolver. As of September 30, 2016, there was $5,765,000 outstanding on the revolver
and $2,442,000 outstanding under letters of credit and $11,793,000 available for borrowing. The letters of credit were issued to
guarantee certain obligations to state agencies related to real estate development. Most of the letters of credit are irrevocable
for a period of one year and typically are automatically extended for additional one-year periods. The Revolver bears interest
at a rate of 1.4% over the selected LIBOR, which may change quarterly based on the Company s ratio of Consolidated Total
Debt to Consolidated Total Capital, as defined. A commitment fee of 0.15% per annum is payable quarterly on the unused portion
of the commitment. The commitment fee may also change quarterly based upon the ratio described above. The credit agreement contains
certain conditions and financial covenants, including a minimum $110 million tangible net worth. As of September 30, 2016, the
tangible net worth covenant would have limited our ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock with borrowed funds to a maximum
of $73 million combined. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

During the first quarter of fiscal
2015, the Company announced the execution of a commitment from First Tennessee Bank to provide up to $40 million dollars of mortgage
backed financing in two separate facilities. On July 24, 2015 the Company closed on a five year, $20 million secured revolver with
a twenty-four month window to convert up to the full amount of the facility into a ten year term loan. Interest accrues at 1.90%
over one month LIBOR plus an annual commitment fee of 0.10%. As of September 30, 2016, there was $1,042,000 outstanding on the
revolver and $18,958,000 available for borrowing. The second facility is a $20 million ten year term loan secured by to-be-determined
collateral from our current pool of unencumbered warehouse/office properties. The purpose of these loans is to facilitate growth
through new construction in the Land Development and Construction segment and/or acquisition of existing, operating buildings to
be added to the Asset Management segment. 

Cash Requirements    The Board
of Directors has authorized Management to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock from time to time as opportunities
arise. During fiscal 2016 the Company repurchased 1,421 shares of stock. As of September 30, 2016, $4,957,000 was authorized for
future repurchases of common stock. The Company does not currently pay any cash dividends on common stock. 

The Company expended capital of $27,554,000
during fiscal 2016 primarily on the purchase of two warehouse/office buildings at Port Capital and Gilroy Road. These capital expenditures
were funded mostly out of cash generation from operations and property sales or partly from borrowings under our credit facilities. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures.  

To supplement the financial results presented
in accordance with GAAP, FRP presents certain non-GAAP financial measures within the meaning of Regulation G promulgated by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The non-GAAP financial measures included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are adjusted income
from continuing operations, adjusted operating profit, and net operating income (NOI). FRP uses these non-GAAP financial measures
to analyze its continuing operations and to monitor, assess, and identify meaningful trends in its operating and financial performance.
These 

measures are not, and should not be viewed
as, a substitute for GAAP financial measures. 

Post Spin-off we are reporting any net gain/(loss)
from the transportation business as  discontinued operations  and we currently have no other discontinued operations
being reported. GAAP accounting rules do not allow corporate overhead expenses to be allocated to a discontinued operation of the
Company; thus, those corporate expenses attributable to the transportation business prior to the spin-off are charged to the Company
as part of continuing operations. 

Adjusted income from continuing operations 

Adjusted income from continuing operations
excludes the impact of the corporate expense not allocated to discontinued operations. Adjusted net income is presented to provide
additional perspective on underlying trends in FRP s core operating results. A reconciliation between income from continuing
operations and adjusted income from continuing operations is as follows: 

Adjusted operating profit 

Adjusted operating profit excludes the impact
of the environmental remediation recovery and corporate expense not allocated to discontinued operations. Adjusted operating profit
is presented to provide additional perspective on underlying trends in FRP s core operating results. A reconciliation between
operating profit and adjusted operating profit is as follows: 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

Except for the letters of credit described
above under  Liquidity and Capital Resources,  the Company does not have any off balance sheet arrangements that either
have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on its financial condition. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Management of the Company considers the following
accounting policies critical to the reported operations of the Company: 

Accounts Receivable and Unrealized Rents
Valuation . The Company is subject to customer credit risk that could affect the collection of outstanding accounts receivable
and unrealized rents, that is rents recorded on a straight-lined basis. To mitigate these risks, the Company performs credit reviews
on all new customers and periodic credit reviews on existing customers. A detailed analysis of late and slow pay customers is prepared
monthly and reviewed by senior management. The overall collectibility of outstanding receivables and straight-lined rents is evaluated
and allowances are recorded as appropriate. Significant changes in customer credit could require increased allowances and affect
cash flows. 

Property and Equipment and Impairment
of Assets . Property and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and depletion. Provision for depreciation
of property, plant and equipment is computed using the straight-line method based on the following estimated useful lives: 

Years  

Buildings and improvements  
      3-39  

Depletion of sand and stone deposits
is computed on the basis of units of production in relation to estimated reserves. 

The Company periodically reviews property and
equipment for potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not
be recoverable. This review consists of comparing cap rates on recent cash flows and market value estimates to the carrying values
of each asset group. If this review indicates the carrying value might exceed fair value then an estimate of future cash flows
for the remaining useful life of each property is prepared considering anticipated vacancy, lease rates, and any future capital
expenditures. The Company s estimated holding period for developed buildings with current vacancies is long enough that the
undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value of the properties and thus no impairment loss is recorded. Changes in estimates
or assumptions could have an impact on the Company s financials. 

All direct and indirect costs, including interest
and real estate taxes, associated with the development, construction, leasing or expansion of real estate investments are capitalized
as a development cost of the property. Included in indirect costs is an estimate of internal costs associated with development
and rental of real estate investments. Changes in estimates or assumptions could have an impact on the Company s financials. 

Income Taxes.  The Company
accounts for income taxes under the asset-and-liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent items that will result
in taxable income or a tax deduction in future years for which the related tax expense or benefit has already been recorded in
our statement of earnings. Deferred tax accounts arise as a result of timing differences between when items are recognized in the
Consolidated Financial Statements compared with when they are recognized in the tax returns. The Company assesses the likelihood
that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income. To the extent recovery is not probable, a valuation allowance
is established and included as an expense as part of our income tax provision. No valuation allowance was recorded at September
30, 2016, as all deferred tax assets are considered more likely than not to be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining
and assessing the impact of complex tax laws and certain tax-related contingencies on the provision for income taxes. As part of
the calculation of the provision for income taxes, we assess whether the benefits of our tax positions are at least more likely
than not of being sustained upon audit based on the technical merits of the tax position. For tax positions that are more likely
than not of being sustained upon audit, we accrue the largest amount of the benefit that is more likely than not of being sustained
in our consolidated financial statements. Such accruals require estimates and judgments, whereby actual results could vary materially
from these estimates. Further, a number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which an established accrual was made,
is audited and resolved. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS   

The following table summarizes our
contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016: 

INFLATION   

Most of the Company s operating
expenses are inflation-sensitive, with inflation generally producing increased costs of operations. Substantially all of the Company s
royalty agreements are based on a percentage of the sales price of the related mined items. Minimum royalties and substantially
all lease agreements provide escalation provisions. 

SEASONALITY   

The Company s business is subject to
limited seasonality due to the cyclical nature of our royalty revenues with revenues generally declining slightly during winter
months. 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS   

Certain matters discussed in this
report contain forward-looking statements, including without limitation relating to the Company's plans, strategies, objectives,
expectations, intentions, capital expenditures, future liquidity, and plans and timetables for completion of pending development
projects. The words or phrases  anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   budget,   continue, 
 could,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   predict, 
 seek,   should,   will,   would,   expect,   objective, 
 projection,   forecast,   goal,   guidance,   outlook,   effort, 
 target  and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The following factors and others discussed in
the Company s periodic reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are among the principal factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements: levels of construction activity in the markets
served by our mining properties; risk insurance markets; availability and terms of financing; competition; interest rates, inflation
and general economic conditions; demand for flexible warehouse/office facilities in the Baltimore-Washington-Northern Virginia
area; and ability to obtain zoning and entitlements necessary for property development. However, this list is not a complete statement
of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

These forward-looking statements
are made as of the date hereof based on management s current expectations, and the Company does not undertake an obligation
to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional information regarding
these and other risk factors may be found in the Company s other filings made from time to time with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
- Years ended September 30 

 (in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

See accompanying notes. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME -  Years
ended September 30 

 (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS -  As of
September 30 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

See accompanying notes. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - Years ended September
30  

See accompanying notes. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY
-  Years ended September 30 

 (In thousands, except share amounts) 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

1.      Accounting Policies.     

ORGANIZATION - FRP Holdings, Inc. ( FRP 
or the  Company ) is a holding company engaged in the real estate business, namely (i) warehouse/office building ownership,
leasing and management, (ii) mining royalty land ownership and leasing and (iii) land acquisition, entitlement and development
primarily for future warehouse/office building construction. On January 30, 2015, FRP completed the tax-free Spin-off ( Spin-off )
of its transportation business into a new, separately traded public company, Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (Nasdaq GM: PATI)
( Patriot ). In the Spin-off, FRP distributed all of the outstanding stock of Patriot to FRP's shareholders as of the
record date of January 9, 2015. FRP s shareholders received one share of Patriot for every three shares of FRP owned on the
record date. Patriot now is an independent, publicly traded company, and FRP retains no ownership in Patriot. The Company retained
the real estate business, which is now the sole business of the Company. See Note 3 regarding more information regarding the spin-off. 

FRP Holdings, Inc. was incorporated on April
22, 2014 in connection with a corporate reorganization that preceded the Spin-off. The Company s successor issuer was formed
on July 20, 1998. The business of the Company is conducted through our wholly-owned subsidiaries FRP Maryland, Inc., a Maryland
corporation, FRP Development Corp., a Maryland corporation and Florida Rock Properties, Inc., a Florida corporation, and the various
subsidiaries of each. 

CONSOLIDATION - The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Investments in the Brooksville joint
venture, BC FRP Realty joint venture and Riverfront Investment Partners I, LLC are accounted for under the equity method of accounting
(See Note 2). All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - The Company
considers all highly liquid debt instruments with maturities of three months or less at time of purchase to be cash equivalents.
Bank overdrafts consist of outstanding checks not yet presented to a bank for settlement, net of cash held in accounts with right
of offset. 

REVENUE AND EXPENSE RECOGNITION -
Real estate rental revenue and mining royalties are generally recognized when earned under the leases and are considered collectable.
Rental income from leases with scheduled increases or other incentives during their term is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the term of the lease. Reimbursements of expenses, when provided in the lease, are recognized in the period that the expenses
are incurred. 

Sales of real estate are recognized
when the collection of the sales price is reasonably assured and when the Company has fulfilled substantially all of its obligations,
which are typically as of the closing date. 

Accounts receivable are recorded
net of discounts and provisions for estimated allowances. We estimate allowances on an ongoing basis by considering historical
and current trends. We record estimated bad debts expense as part of operating expenses. We estimate the net collectibility of
our accounts receivable and establish an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon this assessment. Specifically, we analyze the
aging of accounts receivable balances, historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness, current economic
trends and changes in customer payment terms. 

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT - Property
and equipment is recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and depletion. Provision for depreciation of property, plant and
equipment is computed using the straight-line method based on the following estimated useful lives: 

Years   
 
      Building and improvements  

3-39   

Depletion of sand and stone deposits
is computed on the basis of units of production in relation to estimated reserves. Reserve estimates are periodically adjusted
based upon surveys. 

The Company recorded depreciation
and depletion expenses for 2016, 2015 and 2014 of $6,809,000, $6,195,000, and $5,528,000, respectively. 

All direct and indirect costs, including
interest and real estate taxes, associated with the development, construction, leasing or expansion of real estate investments
are capitalized as a cost of the property. Included in indirect costs is an allocation of internal costs associated with development
of real estate investments. The cost of routine repairs and maintenance to property and equipment is expensed as incurred. 

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS  
The Company periodically reviews its long-lived assets, which include property and equipment and purchased intangible assets subject
to amortization for potential impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may
not be recoverable. This review consists of comparing cap rates on recent cash flows and market value estimates to the carrying
values of each asset group. If this review indicates the carrying value might exceed fair value then an estimate of future cash
flows for the remaining useful life of each property is prepared considering anticipated vacancy, lease rates, and any future capital
expenditures. 

 DEVELOPED PROPERTY RENTALS PURCHASE
ACCOUNTING   Acquisitions of rental property, including any associated intangible assets, are measured at fair value at the
date of acquisition. Any liabilities assumed or incurred are recorded at their fair value at the time of acquisition. The fair
value of the acquired property is allocated between land and building (on an as-if vacant basis) based on management s estimate
of the fair value of those components for each type of property and to tenant improvements based on the depreciated replacement
cost of the tenant improvements, which approximates their fair value. The fair value of the in-place leases is recorded as follows: 

the fair value of
leases in-place on the date of acquisition is based on absorption costs for the estimated lease-up period in which vacancy and
foregone revenue are avoided due to the presence of the acquired leases;    

the fair value of
above and below-market in-place leases based on the present value (using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with
the acquired leases) of the difference between contractual rent amounts to be paid under the assumed lease and the estimated market
lease rates for the corresponding spaces over the remaining non-cancelable terms of the related leases; and    

the fair value of
intangible tenant or customer relationships.    

The Company s determination
of these fair values requires it to estimate market rents for each of the leases and make certain other assumptions. These estimates
and assumptions affect the rental revenue, and depreciation and amortization expense recognized for these leases and associated
intangible assets and liabilities. 

INVESTMENTS - The Company uses the
equity method to account for its investment in Brooksville, in which it has a voting interest of 50% and has significant influence
but does not have control. The Company uses the equity method to account for its investment in BC FRP Realty, in which it has a
voting interest of 50%. The Company uses the equity method to account for its investment in RiverFront Investment Partners I, LLC,
in which the equity interest will be determined based on leverage of the entity, additional cash contributions by the Company,
and negotiations with potential third partners. Under the equity method, the investment is originally recorded at cost and adjusted
to recognize the Company s share of net earnings or losses of the investee, limited to the extent of the Company s
investment in and advances to the investee and financial guarantees on behalf of the investee that create additional basis. The
Company regularly monitors and evaluates the realizable value of its investments. When assessing an investment for an other-than-temporary
decline in value, the Company considers such factors as, the performance of the investee in relation to its own operating targets
and its business plan, the investee s revenue and cost trends, as well as liquidity and cash position, and the outlook for
the overall industry in which the investee operates. From time to time, the Company may consider third party evaluations or valuation
reports. If events and circumstances indicate that a decline in the value of these assets has occurred and is other-than-temporary,
the Company records a charge to investment income (expense). 

INCOME TAXES - Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized based on differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using presently
enacted tax rates. Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences between pre-tax income reported in the financial statements
and taxable income. The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step
is to evaluate the tax position for 

recognition by determining if the
weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit. The second
step is to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate
settlement. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as the amounts rely upon the determination of the
probability of various possible outcomes. The Company reevaluates these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation
is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law and expiration of statutes
of limitations, effectively settled issues under audit, and audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement would result
in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. It is the Company's policy to recognize as additional
income tax expense the items of interest and penalties directly related to income taxes. 

STOCK BASED COMPENSATION  
The Company accounts for compensation related to share based plans by recognizing the grant date fair value of stock options and
other equity-based compensation issued to employees in its income statement over the requisite employee service period using the
straight-line attribution model. In addition, compensation expense must be recognized for the change in fair value of any awards
modified, repurchased or cancelled after the grant date. The fair value of each grant is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The assumptions used in the model and current year impact are discussed in Note 8. 

PENSION PLAN - The Company accounts
for its pension plan following the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 715,  Compensation   Retirement Benefits ,
which requires an employer to: (a) recognize in its statement of financial position the funded status of a benefit plan; (b) measure
defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the end of the employer's fiscal year (with limited exceptions); and (c) recognize
as a component of other comprehensive income, net of tax, the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise but
are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit costs pursuant to prior existing guidance. 

EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE - Basic
earnings per common share are based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods. Diluted earnings
per common share are based on the weighted average number of common shares and potential dilution of securities that could share
in earnings. The differences between basic and diluted shares used for the calculation are the effect of employee and director
stock options and restricted stock. 

USE OF ESTIMATES - The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United State requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Certain accounting policies and estimates
are of more significance in the financial statement preparation process than others. The most critical accounting policies and
estimates include the economic useful lives of our property and equipment, provisions for uncollectible accounts receivable and
collectibility of unrealized rents, estimates of exposures related to our insurance claims plans, and estimates for taxes. To the
extent that actual, final outcomes are different than these estimates, or that additional facts and circumstances result in a revision
to these estimates, earnings during that accounting period will be affected. 

ENVIRONMENTAL - Environmental expenditures
that benefit future periods are capitalized. Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations, and which
do not contribute to current or future revenue generation, are expensed. Liabilities are recorded for the estimated amount of expected
environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts. Estimation of such liabilities includes an assessment of engineering estimates,
continually evolving governmental laws and standards, and potential involvement of other potentially responsible parties. 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   Comprehensive
income consists of net income and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive income (loss) refers to expenses, gains,
and losses that are not included in net income, but rather are recorded directly in shareholders  equity. 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  
In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . The guidance requires
that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance
sheet. The guidance becomes effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted.
The Company adopted this guidance retrospectively as of October 1, 2015 and reclassified $143,000 from deferred costs to long-term
deferred tax liability. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases , which requires lessees to recognize a right-to-use asset and a lease obligation for all leases. Lessees are
permitted to make an accounting policy election to not recognize an asset and liability for leases with a term of twelve months
or less. Additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures, including significant judgments made by management, will be required.
Lessors will account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing accounting standards. The new standard
will become effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter 2020 and requires a modified retrospective transition approach
and includes a number of practical expedients. Early adoption of the standard is permitted. As the Company is primarily a lessor
the adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on its financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The ASU
includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. Excess tax benefits
for share-based payments will be recorded as a reduction of income taxes and reflected in operating cash flows upon the adoption
of this ASU. Excess tax benefits are currently recorded in equity and as financing activity under the current rules. In addition,
the guidance allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur rather than on an estimated basis. This guidance
is effective for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption
permitted. The Company may early adopt this accounting guidance in fiscal 2017 or as required in fiscal 2018. 

2.      Investments in Joint Ventures.     

RiverFront.  On March 30, 2012 the Company
entered into a Contribution Agreement with MRP SE Waterfront Residential, LLC. ( MRP ) to form a joint venture to develop
the first phase only of the four phase master development known as RiverFront on the Anacostia in Washington, D.C. The purpose
of the Joint Venture is to develop, own, lease and ultimately sell an approximately 300,000 square foot residential apartment building
(including approximately 18,000 square feet of retail) on approximately 2 acres of the roughly 5.82 acre site. The joint venture,
RiverFront Investment Partners I, LLC ( RiverFront I ) was formed in June 2013 as contemplated. The Company contributed
land with an agreed to value of $13,500,000 (cost basis of $6,165,000) and contributed cash of $4,866,000 to the Joint Venture
for a 76.91% stake in the venture. MRP contributed capital of $5,553,000 to the joint venture including development costs paid
prior to formation of the joint venture. The Joint Venture closed on $17,000,000 of EB5 secondary financing and a nonrecourse construction
loan for $65,000,000 on August 8, 2014. Both these financing sources are non-recourse to FRP. At the time of these financings,
RiverFront Holdings I, LLC. was formed as a parent to RiverFront Investment Partners I, LLC with EB5 as an equity partner in Riverfront
Holdings I, LLC. Construction commenced in October 2014. At this point, the Company anticipates lease up to occur in the second
half of calendar 2016 and all of 2017. The Company s equity interest in the joint venture is accounted for under the equity
method of accounting as MRP acts as the administrative agent of the joint venture and oversees and controls the day to day operations
of the project. 

Other income for fiscal 2016 includes a loss
of $938,000 representing the Company s portion of the loss of this joint venture due primarily to expenses incurred in the
joint venture with respect to real estate taxes, advertising expense, depreciation on the bulkhead, and audit fees. 

Brooksville.  In 2006, the Company entered
into a Joint Venture Agreement with Florida Rock Industries, Inc. (now owned by Vulcan Materials Company) to jointly own and develop
approximately 4,300 acres of land near Brooksville, Florida. Under the terms of the joint venture, FRP contributed its fee interest
in approximately 3,443 acres formerly leased to Vulcan under a long-term mining lease which had a net book value of $2,548,000.
Vulcan is entitled to mine a portion of the property until 2022 and pay royalties to the Company. FRP also contributed $3,018,000
for one-half of 

the acquisition costs of a 288-acre contiguous
parcel. Vulcan contributed 553 acres that it owned as well as its leasehold interest in the 3,443 acres that it leased from FRP
and $3,018,000 for one-half of the acquisition costs of the 288-acre contiguous parcel. The joint venture is jointly controlled
by Vulcan and FRP, and they each have a mandatory obligation to fund additional capital contributions of up to $2,430,000. Capital
contributions of $2,397,000 have been made by each party as of September 30, 2016. Distributions will be made on a 50-50 basis
except for royalties and depletion specifically allocated to the Company. Other income for fiscal 2016 includes a loss of $40,000
representing the Company s portion of the loss of this joint venture. In April 2011, the Florida Department of Community
Affairs issued its Final Order approving the development of the Project, and zoning for the Project was obtained from Hernando
County in August 2012. We will continue to monitor the residential market in Hernando County and pursue opportunities to partner
with a master community developer or major homebuilder to commence construction when the market dictates. 

BC FRP Realty (Windlass Run).  During
the 2nd quarter, we entered into an agreement with a substantial Baltimore development company (St. John Properties, Inc.) to jointly
develop the remaining lands of our Windlass Run Business Park. The 50/50 partnership initially calls for FRP to combine its 25
acres (valued at $7,500,000) with St. John Properties  adjacent 10 acres fronting on a major state highway (valued at $3,239,536)
which resulted in an initial cash distribution of $2,130,232 to FRP in May, 2016. Thereafter, the venture will jointly develop
the combined properties into a multi-building business park to consist of approximately 329,000 square feet of single story office
space. 

Investments in Joint Ventures (in thousands): 

Summarized Financial Information for the Investments in Joint Ventures
(in thousands): 

Income statements for the RiverFront Holdings I, LLC (in thousands): 

The amount of consolidated retained earnings
for these joint ventures was $(990,000) and $(389,000) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 respectively. 

On January 30, 2015, FRP Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq
GM: FRPH) (the  Company  or  FRP ) completed the spin-off of its transportation business into a new, separately
traded public company - Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (Nasdaq GM: PATI) ( Patriot ) - resulting in FRP becoming
a pure real estate company. As a result, the former transportation segment is reported as a discontinued operation without any
corporate overhead allocation. Hence, all corporate overhead attributable to the transportation group through the date of the spin-off
is included in  corporate expense  on the Company s historical consolidated income statements. 

The results of operations associated with discontinued
operations were as follows (in thousands): 

The following table presents the carrying value
of the major categories of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations reflected on the Company s consolidated balance
sheets at September 30, 2014: 

4.      Related Party Transactions.     

In order to effect the Spin-off and
govern our relationship with Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. after the Spin-off, we entered into an Employee Matters Agreement
and a Transition Services Agreement. The Employee Matters Agreement generally allocates responsibilities to each company for liabilities
relating to each Company s current and former employees and allocated responsibilities under employee benefit plans. The
Transition Services Agreement sets forth the terms on which Patriot will provide to FRP certain services that were shared prior
to the Spin-off, including the services of certain shared executive officers, for a period of 12 or more months after the Spin-off.
The boards of the respective companies have since extended these agreements for an additional twelve months. 

The consolidated statements of income
reflect charges and/or allocation from Patriot for these services of $1,542,000, $2,211,000, and $2,539,000 for fiscal 2016, 2015
and 2014, respectively. Included in the charges above are amounts recognized for corporate executive stock-based compensation expense.
These charges are reflected as part of corporate expenses. 

To determine these allocations between
FRP and Patriot as set forth in the Transition Services Agreement, we generally employed the same methodology historically used
by the Company pre Spin-off to allocate said expenses and thus we believe that the allocations to FRP are a reasonable approximation
of the costs related to FRP s operations but any such related-party transactions cannot be presumed to be carried out on
an arm s-length basis as the terms were negotiated while Patriot was still a subsidiary of FRP. 

As a result of the Spin-off the former
transportation segment of the Company is reported as a discontinued operation and thus is not allowed any corporate overhead allocation.
Hence, all corporate overhead of the transportation group through the date of the Spin-off is included in  corporate expense 
on the Company s consolidated income statements. The consolidated statements of income reflect charges and/or allocation
for these services of $1,081,000 and $2,685,000 for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

Debt at September 30 is summarized
as follows (in thousands): 

The aggregate amount of principal
payments, excluding the revolving credit, due subsequent to September 30, 2016 is: 2017 - $4,455,000; 2018   $4,673,000;
2019 - $3,885,000; 2020 - $3,725,000; 2021 - $3,485,000 and subsequent years - $15,789,000. 

The non-recourse fully amortizing
mortgage notes payable are collateralized by real estate having a carrying value of approximately $45,478,000 at September 30,
2016. 

On January 30, 2015, in connection
with the Spin-off, the Company terminated its $55 million credit facility entered into with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in 2012 and
simultaneously entered into a new five year credit agreement with Wells Fargo with a maximum facility amount of $20 million (the
 Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides a revolving credit facility (the  Revolver ) with a $10
million sublimit available for standby letters of credit. At the time of the Spin-off, the Company refinanced $10,483,000 of borrowings
then outstanding on the terminated revolver. As of September 30, 2016, there was $5,765,000 outstanding on the revolver, $2,442,000
outstanding under letters of credit and $11,793,000 available for borrowing. The letters of credit were issued to guarantee certain
obligations to state agencies related to real estate development. Most of the letters of credit are irrevocable for a period of
one year and typically are automatically extended for additional one-year periods. The Revolver bears interest at a rate of 1.4%
over the selected LIBOR, which may change quarterly based on the Company s ratio of Consolidated Total Debt to Consolidated
Total Capital, as defined. A commitment fee of 0.15% per annum is payable quarterly on the unused portion of the commitment. The
commitment fee may also change quarterly based upon the ratio described above. The credit agreement contains certain conditions
and financial covenants, including a minimum $110 million tangible net worth. As of September 30, 2016, the tangible net worth
covenant would have limited our ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock with borrowed funds to a maximum of $73 million combined.
The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

During the first quarter of fiscal
2015, the Company announced the execution of a commitment from First Tennessee Bank to provide up to $40 million dollars of mortgage
backed financing in two separate facilities. On July 24, 2015 the Company closed on a five year, $20 million secured revolver with
a twenty-four month window to convert up to the full amount of the facility into a ten year term loan. Interest accrues at 1.90%
over one month LIBOR plus an annual commitment fee of 0.10%. As of September 30, 2016, there was $1,042,000 outstanding on the
revolver and $18,958,000 available for borrowing. The second facility is a $20 million ten year term loan secured by to-be-determined
collateral from our current pool of unencumbered warehouse/office properties. We closed on the secured revolver on July 24, 2015.
The purpose of these loans is to facilitate growth through new construction in the Land Development and Construction segment and/or
acquisition of existing, operating buildings to be added to the Asset Management segment. 

During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014
the Company capitalized interest costs of $1,086,000, $1,041,000, and $1,763,000, respectively. 

In January 2015 the Company prepaid
the $1,314,000 remaining principal balance on 8.55% and 7.95% mortgages. The prepayment penalty of $116,000 is included in interest
expense. The remaining deferred loan costs of $15,000 were also included in interest expense. 

At September 30, 2016, the total
carrying value of property owned by the Company which is leased or held for lease to others is summarized as follows (in thousands): 

The minimum future straight-lined
rentals due the Company on noncancelable leases as of September 30, 2016 are as follows: 2017 - $24,265,000; 2018 - $20,779,000;
2019 - $15,278,000; 2020 - $13,381,000; 2021 - $10,536,000; 2022 and subsequent years $42,879,000. 

7.      Earnings per Share.     

The following details the computations
of the basic and diluted earnings per common share ( in thousands, except per share amounts): 

For 2016, 2015 and 2014, 72,090,
56,110 and 31,790 shares, respectively, attributable to outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculation of diluted
earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

8.      Stock-Based Compensation Plans.     

The Company has two Stock Option
Plans (the 2000 Stock Option Plan and the 2006 Stock Option Plan) under which options for shares of common stock were granted to
directors, officers and key employees. The 2006 plan permits the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
stock awards, restricted stock units, or stock awards. The options awarded under the plans have similar characteristics. All stock
options are non-qualified and expire ten years from the date of grant. Stock based compensation awarded to directors, officers
and employees are exercisable immediately or become exercisable in cumulative installments of 20% or 25% at the end of each year
following the date of grant. When stock options are exercised the Company issues new shares after receipt of exercise proceeds
and taxes 

due, if any, from the grantee. The
number of common shares available for future issuance was 384,430 at September 30, 2016. 

The Company utilizes the Black-Scholes
valuation model for estimating fair value of stock compensation for options awarded to officers and employees. Each grant is evaluated
based upon assumptions at the time of grant. The assumptions were no dividend yield, expected volatility between 36% and 46%, risk-free
interest rate of .3% to 4.2% and expected life of 3.0 to 7.0 years. 

The dividend yield of zero is based
on the fact that the Company does not pay cash dividends and has no present intention to pay cash dividends. Expected volatility
is estimated based on the Company s historical experience over a period equivalent to the expected life in years. The risk-free
interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate at the date of grant with a term consistent with the
expected life of the options granted. The expected life calculation is based on the observed and expected time to exercise options
by the employees. 

As a result of the Spin-off and pursuant
to the Employee Matters Agreement, we made certain adjustments to the exercise price and number of outstanding FRP stock options.
All outstanding options held by the Company directors, Company officers and key employees on January 30, 2015 were cancelled and
replaced by an equal number of FRP options at 75.14% of the previous exercise price based upon the market value of FRP less the
when issued market value of the Company on that day. For FRP officers additional options were issued rather than issuing Patriot
options for the 24.86% market value attributed to Patriot. The adjusted stock options are subject to the same vesting conditions
and other terms that applied to the original FRP award immediately prior to the Spin-off, except as otherwise described above. 

Subsequent to Spin-off, the realized
tax benefit pertaining to options exercised and the remaining compensation cost of options previously granted prior to the Spin-off
will be recognized by FRP or Patriot based on the employment location of the related employee or director. 

The Company recorded the following
stock compensation expense (including unallocated to Patriot in periods prior to the Spin-off) in its consolidated statement of
income (in thousands): 

A summary of changes in outstanding
options is presented below (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

The following table summarizes information
concerning stock options outstanding at September 30, 2016: 

The aggregate intrinsic value of
exercisable in-the-money options was $1,630,000 and the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding in-the-money options was $1,998,000
based on the market closing price of $31.07 on September 30, 2016 less exercise prices. 

The realized tax benefit to the Company
or Patriot from options exercised in the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 was $353,000. The unrecognized compensation cost
of options granted to FRP employees but not yet vested as of September 30, 2016 was $322,000, which is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 3.4 years. Gains of $913,000 were realized by option holders during the twelve months ended September
30, 2016. 

9.    Income Taxes.     

The provision for income taxes for
continuing operations for fiscal years ended September 30 consists of the following (in thousands): 

A reconciliation between the amount
of tax shown above and the amount computed at the statutory Federal income tax 

rate follows (in thousands): 

In this reconciliation, the category
 Other, net  consists of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, permanent tax differences related to non-deductible
expenses, special tax rates and tax credits, interest and penalties, and adjustments to prior year estimates. 

The types of temporary differences
and their related tax effects that give rise to deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at September 30, are presented
below (in thousands): 

The Company has no unrecognized tax
benefits. 

FRP tax returns in the U.S. and various
states that include the Company are subject to audit by taxing authorities. As of September 30, 2016, the earliest tax year that
remains open for audit in the Unites States is 2010. 

The Company and certain subsidiaries
have a savings/profit sharing plan for the benefit of qualified employees. The savings feature of the plan incorporates the provisions
of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code under which an eligible employee may elect to save a portion (within limits) of
their compensation on a tax deferred basis. The Company contributes to a participant s account an amount equal to 50% (with
certain limits) of the participant s contribution. Additionally, the Company may make an annual discretionary contribution
to the plan as determined by the Board of Directors, with certain limitations. The plan provides for deferred vesting with benefits
payable upon retirement or earlier termination of employment. The Company s cost was $51,000 in 2016, $45,000 in 2015 and
$40,000 in 2014. 

The Company has a defined benefit
pension plan, the Management Security Plan (MSP) for certain officers and key employees. The accruals for future benefits are based
upon the remaining years to retirement of the participating employees and other actuarial assumptions. Life insurance on the lives
of one of the participants has been purchased to partially fund this benefit and the Company is the owner and beneficiary of that
policy. The expense for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $161,000, $163,000 and $150,000, respectively. The accrued benefit under
this plan as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1,485,000 and $1,391,000 respectively. 

Following the completion of the spin-off of
the transportation business, management conducted a strategic review of the Company s real estate operations.  As a
result of this review, it was determined that the information that the Company s chief operating decision makers regularly
review for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance, had changed. Therefore, beginning with the quarter ending
March 31, 2015 (with prior periods adjusted accordingly), the Company is reporting its financial performance based on three reportable
segments, Asset Management, Mining Royalty Lands and Land Development and Construction, as described below. 

The Asset Management segment owns, leases and
manages warehouse/office buildings located predominately in the Baltimore/Northern Virginia/Washington, DC market area. 

Our Mining Royalty Lands segment remains unaffected
and owns several properties comprising approximately 15,000 acres currently under lease for mining rents or royalties (this does
not include the 4,280 acres owned in our Brooksville joint venture with Vulcan Materials).  Other than one location in Virginia,
all of these properties are located in Florida and Georgia.  

Through our Land Development and
Construction segment, we own and are continuously monitoring for their  highest and best use  several parcels of land
that are in various stages of development.  Our overall strategy in this segment is to convert all of our non-income producing
lands into income production through (i) an orderly process of constructing new warehouse/office buildings for us to own and operate
or (ii) a sale to, or joint venture with, third parties. 

Subsequent to the Spin-off, the Company
is receiving certain services from Patriot (e.g. executive oversight, accounting, information technology and human resource services)
which are billed to the Company on a monthly basis in accordance with the Transition Services Agreement entered into and made effective
as of the date of the Spin-off. As was the case prior to the Spin-off, these costs (excluding stock compensation) are included
in the Company s corporate expense and are fully allocated to the business segments. Certain other corporate expenses (primarily
stock compensation, corporate aircraft and one-time Spin-off related expenses) are reported as  unallocated  on the
Company s consolidated income statement and are not allocated to any business segment. As a result of the Spin-off the former
transportation segment of the Company is reported as a discontinued operation and thus is not allowed any corporate overhead allocation.
Hence, all corporate overhead of the transportation group through the date of the Spin-off is included in  corporate expense 
on the Company s consolidated income statements herein. Reclassifications to the appropriate prior period line items and
amounts have been made to be comparable to the current presentation. 

Operating results and certain other
financial data for the Company s business segments are as follows (in thousands): 

12.      Fair Value Measurements.     

Fair value is defined as the price
that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three
broad levels. Level 1 means the use of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 means the use
of values that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. Level 3 means the use of inputs are those
that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

As of September 30, 2016 the Company
had no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
carrying amount reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, short-term notes payable and revolving
credit approximate their fair value based upon the short-term nature of these items. 

The fair values of the Company s
other mortgage notes payable were estimated based on current rates available to the Company for debt of the same remaining maturities.
At September 30, 2016, the carrying amount and fair value of such other long-term debt was $42,819,000 and $46,216,000, respectively.
At September 30, 2015, the carrying amount and fair value of such other long-term debt was $48,685,000 and $52,001,000, respectively. 

13.      Contingent Liabilities.     

Certain of the Company s subsidiaries
are involved in litigation on a number of matters and are subject to certain claims which arise in the normal course of business.
The Company has retained certain self-insurance risks with respect to 

losses for third party liability
and property damage. The liability at any point in time depends upon the relative ages and amounts of the individual open claims.
In the opinion of management, none of these matters are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Preliminary testing on the site of
the Company's four phase master development known as RiverFront on the Anacostia in Washington, D.C. indicated the presence of
contaminated material that will have to be specially handled upon excavation in conjunction with construction. The Company has
agreed with our joint venture partner to bear the cost of handling the contaminated materials on the first phase of this development
up to a cap of $1.871 million.  As of September 30, 2016, the excavation and foundation work for
Phase 1 were substantially complete; thus, the bulk of the remediation expenses have been incurred. Management believes the total
cost for remediation on Phase 1 will end up at approximately $1.9 million.  During the quarter ending December 31, 2015,
management successfully completed negotiations and entered into a $3,000,000 settlement of environmental claims on all four phases
against our former tenant at the Riverfront on the Anacostia property and continues to pursue settlement negotiations with other
potentially responsible parties. The Company executed a letter of intent with MRP Realty in May 2016 to develop Phase II of the
Riverfront on the Anacostia project and recorded an estimated environmental remediation expense of $2.0 million for the Company s
estimated liability under the proposed agreement. The Company has no obligation to remediate this contamination on Phases III and
IV of the development until such time as it makes a commitment to commence construction on each phase. The Company's position is
that the prior tenant on the property is responsible for the cost of removal of the contaminated materials. The Company's actual
expense to address this issue may be materially higher or lower than the expense previously recorded depending upon the actual
costs incurred and any reimbursement that we receive from the prior tenant. 

The Company, at September 30, 2016,
had entered into various contracts to develop real estate with remaining commitments totaling $7,055,000. 

With the completion and occupancy
of the 3rd build to suit for the same tenant at Patriot Business Park in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 this particular tenant
accounted for 11% of the Company s consolidated revenues during fiscal 2016. The mining royalty lands segment has a total
of four tenants currently leasing mining locations and one lessee that accounted for 15.6% of the Company s consolidated
revenues in fiscal 2016 and $243,000 of accounts receivable at September 30, 2016. The termination of these lessees  underlying
leases could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with Tennessee Bank.
At times, such amounts may exceed FDIC limits. 

16.      Unusual or Infrequent Items Impacting Quarterly Results.      

In January 2015 the Company prepaid
the $1,314,000 remaining principal balance on 8.55% and 7.95% mortgages. The prepayment penalty of $116,000 is included in interest
expense. The remaining deferred loan costs of $15,000 were also included in interest expense. 

Costs of operations for the land development
and construction segment for the quarter ending December 31, 2015 includes a $3,000,000 positive benefit from settlement of environmental
claims against our former tenant at the Riverfront on the Anacostia property (see Note 13). 

Gain on investment land sold for the quarter
ending December 31, 2015 includes $6,277,000 gain on the sale of phase 2 of Windlass Run residential property. 

Costs of operations for the land development
and construction segment for the quarter ending June 30, 2016 includes a $2,000,000 expense for estimated environmental remediation
liability on Phase II of the Riverfront on the Anacostia property (see Note 13). 

17.      Real Estate Business Park Acquisitions.     

The Company has allocated the purchase price
of the property acquisitions, through the use of a third party valuation, based upon the fair value of the assets acquired, consisting
of land, buildings and intangible assets, including in-place leases and below market leases. Based on the third party valuation
performed, the purchase price has been allocated to the fair value of the in-place leases, above market leases and below market
leases.  These deferred leasing intangible assets are recorded within Deferred Costs and Deferred lease intangible, net in
the consolidated balance sheets. The value of the in-place lease intangibles will be amortized to amortization expense over the
remaining lease terms. The fair value assigned pertaining to the above market in-place leases values are amortized as a reduction
to rental revenue, and the below market in-place lease values are amortized as an increase to rental revenue over the remaining
non-cancelable terms of the respective leases. 

TRANSIT BUSINESS PARK -  On June 20,
2013, the Company purchased for approximately $8 million, Transit Business Park in Baltimore, Maryland which consists of 5 buildings
on 14.5 acres totaling 232,318 square feet. The Company will recognize the amortization related to Transit Business Park intangible
assets according to the following schedule (in thousands): 

KELSO BUSINESS PARK -  On June
6, 2014, the Company purchased for approximately $4.8 million, the Kelso property in Baltimore, Maryland which consists of 2 buildings
on 10.2 acres totaling 69,680 square feet. The Company will recognize the amortization related to Kelso Business Park intangible
assets according to the following schedule (in thousands): 

PORT CAPITAL PROPERTY -  On October 19,
2015, the Company purchased for approximately $9.9 million, 7700 Port Capital Drive in Elkridge, Maryland which consists of 1 building
on 6.39 acres totaling 91,218 square feet plus approximately 29,558 square feet of mezzanine space. The Company will recognize
the amortization related to the Port 

Capital Drive property intangible assets according
to the following schedule (in thousands): 

GILROY ROAD PROPERTY    On
July 1, 2016, the Company purchased for approximately $8.3 million, 10820 Gilroy Road in Hunt Valley, Maryland which consists of
1 building on 7 acres totaling 116,338 square feet inclusive of 8,900 square feet of second floor mezzanine office space (107,438
sf footprint). The Company will recognize the amortization related to the Port Capital Drive property intangible assets according
to the following schedule (in thousands): 

The Company reviews intangible assets
for impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of long-lived assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset group to the future undiscounted
net cash flows expected to be generated by those assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment charge recognized
is the amount by which the carrying amounts of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. 

The gross amounts and accumulated
amortization of identifiable intangible assets are as follows (in thousands): 

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting   

The management of FRP is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. FRP's internal control system was designed
to provide reasonable assurance to the Company's management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation
of published financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. FRP's management assessed the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this
assessment, management believes that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective. 

Report of Independent Registered
Certified Public Accounting Firm  

 The Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 FRP Holdings, Inc. 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of FRP Holdings, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive
income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of FRP Holdings, Inc. as of September
30, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015
and 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of FRP Holdings, Inc. s
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in the  Internal Control  
Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on
our audit. 

 Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.
Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use,
or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 In our opinion, FRP Holdings, Inc. maintained,
in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established
in the  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). 

Hancock Askew   Co., LLP  

Savannah, Georgia 

 December 12, 2016 

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS  

Directors  

 Thompson S. Baker II (1) 

 President and Chief Executive 

 Officer of the Company 

John D. Baker II (1) 

 Executive Chairman 

Charles E. Commander III (2)(3) 

 Retired Partner 

 Foley   Lardner 

H. W. Shad III (2)(4) 

 Owner, Bozard Ford Company 

Martin E. Stein, Jr. (3)(4) 

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of 

 Regency Centers Corporation 

William H. Walton (2)(3)(4) 

 President of Rockpoint Group LLC 

 _______________ 

 (1) Member of the Executive Committee 

 (2) Member of the Audit Committee 

 (3) Member of the Compensation Committee 

 (4) Member of the Nominating Committee 

Officers  

 John D. Baker II 

 Executive Chairman 

Thompson S. Baker II 

 Chief Executive Officer 

John D. Milton, Jr. 

 Executive Vice President, Treasurer,
Secretary 

 and Chief Financial Officer 

David H. deVilliers, Jr. 

 President 

 President, FRP Development Corp.
and 

 Florida Rock Properties, Inc. 

John D. Klopfenstein 

 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

FRP Holdings, Inc.  

 200 West Forsyth Street, 7th Floor 

Jacksonville, Florida, 32202 

 Telephone: (904) 396-5733 

Annual Meeting  

 Shareholders are cordially invited
to attend the Annual Shareholders Meeting which will be held at 10 a.m. local time, on Wednesday, February 1, 2017, at The River
Club, Ortega Room, on the 34 th  floor of the Wells Fargo Building, One Independent Drive, Jacksonville, Florida. 

Transfer Agent  

 American Stock Transfer   Trust
Company 

 59 Maiden Lane 

 Plaza Level 

 New York, NY 10038 

 Telephone: 1-800-937-5449 

General Counsel  

 Nelson Mullins Riley   Scarborough
LLP 

 Jacksonville, Florida 

Independent Registered Certified
Public Accounting Firm  

Hancock Askew   Co., LLP 

 Savannah, Georgia 

Common Stock Listed  

The Nasdaq Stock Market 

 (Symbol: FRPH) 

Form 10-K  

Shareholders may receive, without
charge, a copy of FRP Holdings, Inc. s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission by writing to the Treasurer at 200 West Forsyth Street, 7th Floor, Jacksonville, Florida
32202. The most recent certifications by our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as exhibits to our Form 10-K. 

Company Website  

The Company s website may be
accessed at  www.frpholdings.com . All of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission can be accessed through
our website promptly after filing. This includes annual reports on Form 10-K, proxy statements, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports filed or furnished on Form 8-K and all related amendments. 

</EX-13>

<EX-23>
 3
 frphex23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23   

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-55132, 333-125099 and 333-131475) of FRP Holdings, Inc. of our
report dated December 12, 2016 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of FRP Holdings, Inc s
internal control over financial reporting which appears in the Annual Report to Shareholders incorporated by reference herein.
We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated December 12, 2016, relating to the financial statement schedule,
which appears in this Form 10-K. 

Hancock Askew   Co., LLP 

Savannah, Georgia 

 December 12, 2016 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 4
 frph31a.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS                                                                                                                  Exhibit 31(a) 

I, Thompson S. Baker II, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FRP Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)    disclosed in this report any changes in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
report; and    

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)    all significant deficiencies in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: December 12, 2016                                                        /s/Thompson
S. Baker II  

 Thompson S. Baker
II 

 Chief Executive
Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 5
 frphex31b.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS                                                                                                                 Exhibit 31(b) 

I, John D. Milton, Jr., certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FRP Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)    disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial report; and    

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)    all significant deficiencies in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: December 12, 2016                                                        /s/John
D. Milton, Jr.   

 John D. Milton, Jr. 

 Executive Vice President, Treasurer, Secretary and
Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 frphex31c.htm
 CAO CERTIFICATION

CERTIFICATIONS                                                                                                                 Exhibit 31(c) 

I, John D. Klopfenstein, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FRP Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)    designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls to be designed under our supervision, ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)    disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal annual that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial report; and    

5.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)    all significant deficiencies in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: December 12, 2016                                                        /s/John
D. Klopfenstein  

 John D. Klopfenstein 

 Controller and
Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 frphex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, each of the undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of FRP Holdings, Inc. 

FRP HOLDINGS, INC. 

December 12, 2016 

/s/THOMPSON S. BAKER II  
         Thompson S. Baker II 
         Chief Executive Officer 

/s/JOHN D. MILTON, JR.  
         John D. Milton, Jr. 
         Executive Vice President, Treasurer, 
         Secretary and Chief Financial Officer 

/s/JOHN D. KLOPFENSTEIN  
         John D. Klopfenstein 
         Controller and Chief Accounting
        Officer 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to FRP Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by FRP Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The foregoing certification accompanies
the issuer s Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not filed as provided in SEC Release Nos. 33-8212, 34-4751 and IC-25967, dated
June 30, 2003. 

</EX-32>

10-K
 8
 frph10k16.pdf
 COMPLIMENTARY PDF

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 frph-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 frph-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 frph-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 frph-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 frph-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 frph-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

