<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1006281_0001144204-16-132819_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1765324</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61773</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>107759</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>460930</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>722107</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>365514</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>13</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132819.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109163236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132819
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		35
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001006281
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				650643773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33357
		FILM NUMBER:		161984676

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 SNUNIT ST
		STREET 2:		SCIENCE PARK, POB 455
		CITY:			CARMIEL
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			20100
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-4-988-9488

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 SNUNIT ST
		STREET 2:		SCIENCE PARK, POB 455
		CITY:			CARMIEL
		STATE:			L3
		ZIP:			20100

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORTHODONTIX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980422

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMBASSY ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960124

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132819.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v452109_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One)   

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

OR   

For the transition period from                           
to                             

001-33357   

  (Commission file number)  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)   

Delaware   
       __ 65-0643773 __   

(State or other jurisdiction  
          of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)  

2 Snunit Street  
          Science Park  
          POB 455  
           Carmiel, Israel    

20100     
 
       (Address of principal executive offices)   
       (Zip Code)    

+972-4-988-9488   

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

N/A   
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes         No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  large accelerated filer 
and  accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
     Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes         No     

On November 1, 2016, approximately 99,930,402
shares of the Registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value, were outstanding. 

FORM 10-Q    

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page    

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
     ii  
 
     Item 1. 
      Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
     1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   For the Nine Months and the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity (Capital Deficiency)   For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     4  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     6  
 
     Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     10  
 
     Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     14  
 
     Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     15  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     17  
 
     Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     17  
 
     Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     17  
 
     Item 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     17  
 
     Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     17  
 
     Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     17  
 
     Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     18  

Signatures  
     19  

i  

Except where the context otherwise requires,
the terms,  we,   us,   our  or  the Company,  refer to the business of Protalix
BioTherapeutics, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and  Protalix  or  Protalix Ltd.  refers to the
business of Protalix Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary and sole operating unit.  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

The statements set forth under the captions  Business 
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and other statements
included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q, which are not historical, constitute  forward-looking statements 
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, including statements regarding expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future.
When used in this report, the terms  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect, 
 can,   continue,   could,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential, 
 predict,   project,   should,   will,   would  and words or phrases
of similar import, as they relate to our company or our subsidiaries or our management, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. We intend that all forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are only predictions and reflect our views as of the date they are made with
respect to future events and financial performance, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise, nor do we have a policy
of updating or revising, any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement
is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable law. Forward-looking statements
are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed
or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

Examples of the risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to, the following: 

failure or delay in the commencement or completion of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which may be caused by several
factors, including: unforeseen safety issues; determination of dosing issues; lack of effectiveness during clinical trials; slower
than expected rates of patient recruitment; inability to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment; inability or unwillingness
of medical investigators and institutional review boards to follow our clinical protocols; or lack of sufficient funding to finance
our clinical trials;   

the risk that the results of our clinical trials will not support the applicable claims of safety or efficacy and that our
product candidates will not have the desired effects or will have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics;   

our dependence on performance by third-party providers of services and supplies, including without limitation, clinical trial
services;   

risks relating to our ability to finance our research programs;   

delays in preparing and filing applications for regulatory approval of our product candidates in the United States, the European
Union and elsewhere;   

any lack of progress of our research and development activities and our clinical activities with respect to any product candidate;   

the impact of development of competing therapies and/or technologies by other companies;   

the risk that products that are competitive to our product candidates may be granted orphan drug status in certain territories
and, therefore, will be subject to potential marketing and commercialization restrictions;   

risks relating to the compliance by Funda  o Oswaldo Cruz, or Fiocruz, an arm of the Brazilian Ministry of Health,
with its purchase obligations under our supply and technology transfer agreement, which may result in the termination of such agreement
which may have a material adverse effect on our company;   

risks related to our supply of drug product to Pfizer Inc., or Pfizer, pursuant to our amended and restated exclusive license
and supply agreement with Pfizer;   

risks related to the commercialization efforts for taliglucerase alfa in Brazil;   

risks related to our supply of drug product to Fiocruz pursuant to our supply arrangement with Fiocruz;   

the risk that we will not be able to develop a successful sales and marketing organization for taliglucerase alfa in Brazil,
or for any other product candidate, in a timely manner, if at all;   

risks relating to our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our 2018 convertible
notes or any other indebtedness;   

ii  

our expectations with respect to the potential commercial value of our product and product candidates;   

the inherent risks and uncertainties in developing the types of drug platforms and products we are developing;   

potential product liability risks, and risks of securing adequate levels of product liability and clinical trial insurance
coverage;   

the possibility of infringing a third party s patents or other intellectual property rights;   

the uncertainty of obtaining patents covering our products and processes and in successfully enforcing our intellectual property
rights against third parties;   

risks relating to changes in healthcare laws, rules and regulations in the United States or elsewhere; and   

the possible disruption of our operations due to terrorist activities and armed conflict, including as a result of the disruption
of the operations of regulatory authorities, our subsidiaries, our manufacturing facilities and our customers, suppliers, distributors,
collaborative partners, licensees and clinical trial sites.   

Companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
have suffered significant setbacks in advanced or late-stage clinical trials, even after obtaining promising earlier trial results
or preliminary findings for such clinical trials. Even if favorable testing data is generated from clinical trials of a drug product,
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or foreign regulatory authorities may not accept or approve a marketing application filed
by a pharmaceutical or biotechnology company for the drug product. 

These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with
respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These and other risks and uncertainties are detailed under the heading
   Risk Factors    in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and are described from time to time in the reports we
file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

iii  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

PROTALIX
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.    
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
(U.S. dollars in thousands) 
(Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

1  

PROTALIX
BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.   
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
 (U.S. dollars in thousands, except share and per share data)  
(Unaudited) 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

2  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.   

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CHANGES IN   
 SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY (CAPITAL DEFICIENCY)   

 (U.S. dollars in thousands, except share
data) 

 (Unaudited) 

*  Represents an amount less than $1. 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.   

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

 (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

4  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.   

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

 (U.S. dollars in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

(Continued) - 2 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

a.    General    

Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc.
(collectively with its subsidiaries, the  Company ), and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Protalix Ltd. and Protalix
B.V. ( Subsidiaries ), are biopharmaceutical companies focused on the development and commercialization of recombinant
therapeutic proteins based on the Company s proprietary ProCellEx    protein expression system ( ProCellEx ).
To date, the Company has successfully developed taliglucerase alfa (marketed under the name Uplyso TM  in Brazil and certain
other Latin American countries and Elelyso    in the rest of the territories) for the treatment of Gaucher disease
that has been approved for marketing in the United States, Brazil, Israel and other markets. The Company has a number of product
candidates in varying stages of the clinical development process. The Company s current strategy is to develop proprietary
recombinant proteins that are therapeutically superior to existing recombinant proteins currently marketed for the same indications. 

The Company s product pipeline
currently includes, among other candidates: 

(1)  PRX-102, or alpha-GAL-A, a therapeutic protein candidate for the treatment of Fabry disease, a rare, genetic lysosomal disorder;   

(2)  PRX-110, a proprietary plant cell recombinant human Deoxyribonuclease 1, or DNase, under development for the treatment of cystic
fibrosis, to be administered by inhalation; and   

(3)  PRX-106, the Company s oral antiTNF product candidate which is being developed as an orally-delivered anti inflammatory
treatment using plant cells as a natural capsule for the expressed protein.   

Obtaining marketing approval with
respect to any product candidate in any country is directly dependent on the Company s ability to comply with all regulatory
requirements to obtain such approvals. The Company cannot reasonably predict the outcome of these activities. 

Since its approval by the  U.S.
Food and Drug Administration , taliglucerase alfa has been marketed mainly in the United States by Pfizer Inc. ( Pfizer ),
as provided in the exclusive license and supply agreement by and between Protalix Ltd. and Pfizer, which is referred to herein
as the Pfizer Agreement. In October 2015, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Exclusive License and Supply Agreement
(the  Amended Pfizer Agreement ) which amends and restates the Pfizer Agreement in its entirety. Pursuant to the Amended
Pfizer Agreement, the Company sold to Pfizer its share in the collaboration created under the Pfizer Agreement for the commercialization
of Elelyso in exchange for a cash payment equal to $36.0 million. As part of the sale, the Company agreed to transfer its rights
to Elelyso in Israel to Pfizer while gaining full rights to it in Brazil. Under the Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer and the Company shared
revenues and expenses for the development and commercialization of Elelyso on a 60%/40% basis globally, excluding Israel and Brazil.
Under the Amended Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer is entitled to all of the revenues, and responsible for 100% of expenses globally for
Elelyso, excluding Brazil where the Company is responsible for all expenses and retains all revenues. 

On June 18, 2013, the Company entered
into a Supply and Technology Transfer Agreement (the  Brazil Agreement ) with Funda  o Oswaldo Cruz ( Fiocruz ),
an arm of the Brazilian Ministry of Health for taliglucerase alfa. 

6  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  (continued) :  

Fiocruz s purchases of Uplyso
to date have been significantly below certain agreed upon purchase milestones and, accordingly, the Company has the right to terminate
the Brazil Agreement. Notwithstanding the low purchase amounts, the Company is, at this time, continuing to supply Uplyso to Fiocruz
under the Brazil Agreement, and patients continue to be treated with Uplyso in Brazil. The Company is discussing with Fiocruz potential
actions that Fiocruz may take to comply with its purchase obligations and, based on such discussions, the Company will determine
what it believes to be the course of action that is in the best interest of the Company. 

Based on its current cash resources and commitments,
the Company believes it will be able to maintain its current planned development activities and the corresponding level of expenditures
for at least 12 months, although no assurance can be given that it will not need additional funds prior to such time. If there
are unexpected increases in general and administrative expenses or research and development expenses, the Company may need to seek
additional financing. 

b.    Basis of presentation    

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes
required by GAAP for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (of a normal recurring nature)
considered necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented have been included. Operating results
for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. 

These unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015, filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The comparative balance
sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date. 

c.    Net earnings (loss) per share    

Basic and diluted loss per share ( LPS )
are computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of the Company s Common Stock, par value $0.001
per share (the  Common Stock ) outstanding for each period. 

Diluted LPS is calculated in continuing operations.
The calculation of diluted LPS does not include 19,797,190 and 19,572,040 shares of Common Stock underlying outstanding options
and restricted shares of Common Stock and shares issuable upon conversion of the convertible notes (issued in September 2013) for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively, and 19,820,485 and 19,484,667 shares of Common Stock for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively, because the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

d.    Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements    

1)  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation
- Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  ( ASU 2016-09 ) which simplifies certain aspects of the accounting for share-based
payments, including accounting for income taxes, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, classification on the
statement of cash flows as well as allowing an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that
are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they occur. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period for
which financial statements have not yet been issued, and all amendments in the ASU that apply must be adopted in the same period.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new pronouncement on its financial statements.   

2)  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flow - Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (Topic 230)  ( ASU 2016-15 ) which addresses specific cash flow issues with the
objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified
in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this new pronouncement on its consolidated statements of cash flows.   

7  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 2 - INVENTORIES  

Inventory at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 consisted of the following: 

NOTE 3 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT  

The Company measures fair value and discloses fair
value measurements for financial assets and liabilities. Fair value is based on the price that would be received from the sale
of an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

The accounting standard establishes a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure fair value into three broad levels, which are described below: 

Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level
1 inputs. 

Level 2: Observable prices that are based on inputs
not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data. 

Level 3:  Unobservable
inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs. 

In determining fair value, the Company utilizes valuation
techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible and considers
counterparty credit risk in its assessment of fair value. 

The fair value of the financial instruments included
in the working capital of the Company is usually identical or close to their carrying value. 

The fair value of the convertible notes as of September
30, 2016 is approximately $  47.3 million based on a level 2 measurement. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no transfers of financial assets and liabilities between Levels
1, 2 or 3 fair value measurements. There have been no changes in the methodologies used at September 30, 2016 since December
31, 2015. 

NOTE 4 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

The Company accounted for the termination
of the Pfizer Agreement and the sale of the license as discontinued operations, in accordance with Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) No. 2014-08. The following assets and liabilities associated with the Company s discontinued operations, have
been segregated and classified as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations, as appropriate, in the consolidated balance
sheets as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, respectively: 

8  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 4 - DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  (continued) :

The following summarizes financial information related
to the Company s discontinued operations in the Company s consolidated statements of operations for the three months
and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016: 

9  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

You should read the following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial statements and the consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis, particularly with respect to our plans and
strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You
should read  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a discussion
of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking
statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.   

Overview  

We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development
and commercialization of recombinant therapeutic proteins based on our proprietary ProCellEx    protein expression
system, or ProCellEx. We developed our first commercial drug product, Elelyso   , using our ProCellEx system and we
are now focused on utilizing the system to develop a pipeline of proprietary, clinically superior versions of recombinant therapeutic
proteins that primarily target large, established pharmaceutical markets and that in most cases rely upon known biological mechanisms
of action. With our experience to date, we believe ProCellEx will enable us to develop additional proprietary recombinant proteins
that are therapeutically superior to existing recombinant proteins currently marketed for the same indications. We are now also
applying the unique properties of our ProCellEx system for the oral delivery of therapeutic proteins. 

On May 1, 2012, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the
FDA, approved for sale our first commercial product, taliglucerase alfa for injection, an enzyme replacement therapy, or ERT, for
the long-term treatment of adult patients with a confirmed diagnosis of type 1 Gaucher disease. Subsequently, taliglucerase alfa
was approved for marketing by the regulatory authorities of other countries. Taliglucerase alfa is being marketed under the name
Uplyso TM  in Brazil and certain other Latin American countries, and as Elelyso in all other territories. 

Since
its approval by the FDA, taliglucerase alfa has been marketed mainly in the United States by Pfizer, as provided in the exclusive
license and supply agreement by and between Protalix Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary, and Pfizer, which we refer to as the Pfizer
Agreement. In  October 2015, we entered into an Amended and Restated Exclusive License and Supply Agreement, or the Amended
Pfizer Agreement, which amends and restates the Pfizer Agreement in its entirety. Pursuant to the Amended Pfizer Agreement, we
sold to Pfizer our share in the collaboration created under the initial Pfizer Agreement for the commercialization of Elelyso in
exchange for a cash payment equal to $36.0 million. As part of the sale, we agreed to transfer our rights to Elelyso in Israel
to Pfizer, while gaining full rights to Elelyso in Brazil. We will continue to manufacture drug substance for Pfizer, subject to
certain terms and conditions. Under the initial Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer shared revenues and expenses for the development and commercialization
of Elelyso with us on a 60%/40% basis globally, excluding Israel and Brazil. Under the Amended Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer is responsible
for 100% of expenses, and entitled to all revenues globally for Elelyso, excluding Brazil, where we are responsible for all expenses
and retain all revenues. 

For the first 10-year period after the execution of the Amended
Pfizer Agreement, we have agreed to sell drug substance to Pfizer for the production of Elelyso, and Pfizer maintains the right
to extend the supply period for up to two additional 30-month periods subject to certain terms and conditions. Any failure to comply
with our supply commitments may subject us to substantial financial penalties, which will have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. The Amended Pfizer Agreement also includes customary provisions regarding
cooperation for regulatory matters, patent enforcement, termination, indemnification and insurance requirements. 

On
June 18, 2013, we entered into a Supply and Technology Transfer Agreement, or the Brazil Agreement, with  Fiocruz, an arm
of the Brazilian Ministry of Health,  for taliglucerase alfa.   

Fiocruz s purchases of Uplyso to date have been significantly
below certain agreed upon purchase milestones and, accordingly, we have the right to terminate the Brazil Agreement. Notwithstanding
the low purchase amounts, we are, at this time, continuing to supply Uplyso to Fiocruz under the Brazil Agreement, and patients
continue to be treated with Uplyso in Brazil. We are discussing with Fiocruz potential actions that Fiocruz may take to comply
with its purchase obligations and, based on such discussions, we will determine what we believe to be the course of action that
is in the best interest of our company. 

10  

We are developing an innovative product pipeline using our ProCellEx
protein expression system. Our product pipeline currently includes, among other candidates: 

(1)
PRX-102, or  alpha-GAL-A , a therapeutic protein candidate for the
treatment of Fabry disease, a rare, genetic lysosomal disorder in humans, currently in an ongoing phase I/II clinical trial. We
initiated phase III clinical trials of PRX-102 in June 2016 and patient enrollment is ongoing.  

(2) PRX-110, a proprietary plant cell recombinant human Deoxyribonuclease
1, or AIR DNase TM , under development for the treatment of cystic fibrosis (CF), to be administered by inhalation. In
July 2016, the first patient was dosed in our phase II clinical trial of AIR DNase for the treatment of CF. 

(3)
OPRX-106,  our oral antiTNF product candidate  which is being developed
as  an orally-delivered anti-inflammatory treatment using plant cells as a natural capsule for the expressed protein. We
 concluded the phase I clinical trial, which demonstrated that the drug
was safe and well tolerated, showing biological activity in the gut and inducement of regulatory T cells . We expect to initiate
a  phase II clinical trial  in Ulcerative Colitis patients shortly. 

Except for the rights to commercialize taliglucerase alfa worldwide
(other than Brazil), which we licensed to Pfizer, we hold the worldwide commercialization rights to all of our proprietary development
candidates. In addition, we continuously evaluate potential strategic marketing partnerships as well as collaboration programs
with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and academic research institutes. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our significant accounting policies are more fully described
in note 1 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements appearing in this Quarterly Report. There have not
been any changes to our significant accounting policies since the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations is based on our financial statements, which we prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well
as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate such estimates and judgments,
including those described in greater detail below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors
that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. 

Discontinued Operations  

Pursuant to the Amended Pfizer Agreement,
we sold to Pfizer our share in the collaboration created under the initial Pfizer Agreement for the commercialization of Elelyso.
As part of the sale, we agreed to transfer our rights to Elelyso in Israel to Pfizer while gaining full rights to Elelyso in Brazil.
Under the Amended Pfizer Agreement, Pfizer is responsible for 100% of expenses, and entitled to all of the revenues, globally,
for Elelyso, excluding Brazil where we are responsible for all expenses and retain all revenues. The Amended Pfizer Agreement eliminates
Pfizer s entitlement to annual payments of up to $12.5 million in relation to commercialization of Elelyso in Brazil. For
further details see notes 1 and 12 to the audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and notes 1 and 4 of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

11  

Results of Operations  

Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
three months ended September 30, 2015   

Revenues   

We recorded revenues of $4.7 million during the three months
ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $3.4 million from revenues of $1.3 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in the amount of drug substance sold to Pfizer during the period. 

Cost of Revenues  

Cost of revenues was $4.2 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, an increase of $4.0 million from cost of revenues of approximately $223,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The increase is mainly due to cost of revenues that were attributed to an increase in the amount of drug substance sold
to Pfizer at cost during the period. 

Research and Development Expenses, Net  

Research and development expenses were $5.1 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $1.1 million, or 28%, from $4.0 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from an increase of $1.2 million for clinical trial related costs. 

We expect research and development expenses
for our various development programs to continue to be our primary expense. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  

Selling, general and administrative expenses
were $2.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately $149,000, or 7%, from $2.2 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Financial Expenses and Income, Net  

Financial expenses net were approximately
$642,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to financial expenses net of $1.0 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. Financial expenses is composed primarily from interest expense of $776,000 for each three-month period
for the 4.5% convertible notes described below. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015   

Revenues  

We recorded revenues of $7.1 million during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $2.7 million
or 63%. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in the amount of drug substance sold to Pfizer during the period. 

Cost of Revenues  

Cost of revenues was $6.4 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, an increase of $5.7 million from cost of revenues of approximately $730,000 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The increase is mainly due to cost of revenues that were attributed to an increase in the amount of drug substance sold
to Pfizer at cost during the period. 

Research and Development Expenses, Net  

Research and development expenses were $18.9 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $5.3 million, or 39%, from $13.6 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. The increase resulted primarily from an increase of $5.0 million in clinical trial related costs. 

12  

We expect research and development expenses
for our various development programs to continue to be our primary expense. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  

Selling, general and administrative expenses
were $6.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of approximately $229,000, or 4%, from $6.0 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Financial Expenses and Income, Net  

Financial expenses net were $2.1 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to financial expenses of $2.7 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. Financial expenses is composed primarily from interest expense of $2.3 million for each nine-month period for the
4.5% convertible notes described below. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Sources of Liquidity  

As a result of our significant research and
development expenditures which exceed our product sales revenue, we have not been profitable and have generated operating losses
from our continuing operations since our inception. To date, we have funded our operations primarily with proceeds equal to $31.3 million
from the sale of shares of convertible preferred and ordinary shares of Protalix Ltd., and an additional $14.1 million in
connection with the exercise of warrants issued in connection with the sale of such shares, through December 31, 2008. In addition,
on October 25, 2007, we generated gross proceeds of $50 million in connection with an underwritten public offering of our
common stock and on each of March 23, 2011 and February 22, 2012, we generated gross proceeds of $22.0 million and $27.2 million,
respectively, in connection with underwritten public offerings of our common stock. 

In addition to the foregoing, on September 18, 2013, we completed
a private placement of $69.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.50% convertible notes due 2018, or the Notes, including
$9.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes related to the offering s initial purchaser s over-allotment option,
which was exercised in full. 

Pfizer
paid Protalix Ltd. $60.0 million as an upfront payment in connection with the execution of the Pfizer Agreement and subsequently
paid to Protalix Ltd. an additional $5.0 million upon Protalix Ltd. s meeting a certain milestone. Protalix Ltd. also received
a milestone payment of $25.0 million in connection with the FDA s approval of taliglucerase alfa in May 2012.  Pfizer
has also paid Protalix Ltd. $8.3 million in connection with the successful achievement of certain milestones under a clinical development
agreement between Pfizer and Protalix Ltd. In connection with the execution of the Amended Pfizer Agreement, we received a $36.0
million payment from Pfizer, and Pfizer purchased 5,649,079 shares of our common stock for $10.0 million. 

We believe that our existing cash and cash
equivalents will be sufficient for at least 12 months. We have based this estimate on assumptions that are subject to change and
may prove to be wrong, and we may be required to use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of
the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our product candidates, we are unable
to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical
trials. 

Cash Flows  

Net cash used in operations was $24.7 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $26.7 million was
further increased by an increase of $1.4 million in accounts receivable, but was partially offset by depreciation expenses
of $1.5 million and share based compensation of $765,000. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was approximately $725,000 and consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment. 

Net cash used in operations was $20.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $14.8 million was further
increased by income from discontinued operations of $3.8 million, by an increase of $1.8 million in accounts receivable and other
assets and by a decrease of $1.5 million in accounts payable, but was partially offset by depreciation expense of $1.8 million
and $1.4 million of share based compensation. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015
was $516,000 and consisted primarily of purchases of property and equipment. Net cash provided from financing activities was $534,000
primarily from the exercise of stock options. 

13  

Future Funding Requirements   

We expect to continue to incur significant
expenditures in the near future, including significant research and development expenses related primarily to the clinical trials
of PRX-102, PRX-110 and PRX-106, and the advancement of our other product candidates into preclinical trials. 

Our future capital requirements will depend
on many factors, including our progress in commercializing Uplyso in Brazil, the progress and results of our clinical trials, the
duration and cost of discovery and preclinical development and laboratory testing and clinical trials for our product candidates,
the timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates, the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining,
defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights, the number and development requirements of other
product candidates that we pursue and the costs of commercialization activities, including product marketing, sales and distribution. 

We may need to finance our future cash needs
through corporate collaboration, licensing or similar arrangements, public or private equity offerings or debt financings. We currently
do not have any commitments for future external funding. We may need to raise additional funds more quickly if one or more of our
assumptions prove to be incorrect or if we choose to expand our product development efforts more rapidly than we presently anticipate.
We may also decide to raise additional funds even before we need them if the conditions for raising capital are favorable. Any
sale of additional equity or debt securities will likely result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness
would result in increased fixed obligations and could also result in covenants that would restrict our operations. Additional equity
or debt financing, grants or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms, if at
all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our research and development
programs, reduce our planned commercialization efforts or obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators or others that may
require us to relinquish rights to certain product candidates that we might otherwise seek to develop or commercialize independently. 

Effects of Inflation and Currency Fluctuations   

Inflation generally affects us by increasing
our cost of labor and clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations
during the nine and three months ended September 30, 2016 or the nine and three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Currency fluctuations could affect us through
increased or decreased acquisition costs for certain goods and services. We do not believe currency fluctuations have had a material
effect on our results of operations during the nine and three months ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
as of each of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk 

Currency Exchange Risk   

The currency of the primary economic environment
in which our operations are conducted is the U.S. dollar. We consider the currency of the primary economic environment to be the
currency in which we generate revenues and expend cash. Most of our revenues are denominated in U.S. dollars, approximately 50%
of our expenses and capital expenditures are incurred in U.S. dollars, and a significant source of our financing has been provided
in U.S. dollars. Since the dollar is the functional currency, monetary items maintained in currencies other than the dollar are
remeasured using the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet dates and non-monetary items are remeasured at historical
exchange rates. Revenue and expense items are remeasured at the average rate of exchange in effect during the period in which they
occur. Foreign currency transaction gains or losses are recognized in the statement of operations. 

14  

A portion of our costs, including salaries, expenses and office
expenses, are incurred in NIS. Inflation in Israel may have the effect of increasing the U.S. dollar cost of our operations in
Israel. If the U.S. dollar declines in value in relation to the NIS, it will become more expensive for us to fund our operations
in Israel. A devaluation of 1% of the NIS will affect our income before tax by less than 1%. The exchange rate of the U.S. dollar
to the NIS, based on exchange rates published by the Bank of Israel, was as follows:  

To date, we have not engaged in hedging transactions. In the
future, we may enter into currency hedging transactions to decrease the risk of financial exposure from fluctuations in the exchange
rate of the U.S. dollar against the NIS. These measures, however, may not adequately protect us from material adverse effects due
to the impact of inflation in Israel. 

Interest Rate Risk  

Our exposure to market risk is confined to
our cash and cash equivalents. We consider all short term, highly liquid investments, which include short-term deposits with original
maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase, that are not restricted as to withdrawal or use and are readily convertible
to known amounts of cash, to be cash equivalents. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while
maximizing the interest income we receive from our investments, without increasing risk. We invest any cash balances primarily
in bank deposits and investment grade interest-bearing instruments. We are exposed to market risks resulting from changes in interest
rates. We do not use derivative financial instruments to limit exposure to interest rate risk. Our interest gains may change in
the future as a result of changes in the financial markets. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. The controls evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to
reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on the controls evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required
to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by
the Commission, and that material information relating to our company and our consolidated subsidiary is made known to management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, particularly during the period when our periodic reports are
being prepared. 

15  

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control
over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their
costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company
have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns
can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion
of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are
subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of
compliance with policies or procedures. 

Changes in internal controls 

There were no changes to our internal controls over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15f and 15d-15f under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended September 30,
2016 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

16  

PART II  
OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

We are not involved in any material legal
proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

There have been no material changes to the
risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities  

There were
no unregistered sales of equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016.   

Item 3. Defaults
Upon Senior Securities 

None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosure 

Not applicable.  

Item 5. Other Information 

None.  

17  

Item 6. Exhibits 

18  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized.  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

(Registrant) 

Date: November 9, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Moshe Manor  

Moshe Manor 
         President and Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 9, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Yossi Maimon  

Yossi Maimon 
         Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

19  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452109_31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION   

I, Moshe Manor, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) )  for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Moshe Manor   

Moshe Manor 
         President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452109_31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION   

I, Yossi Maimon, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Protalix BioTherapeutics, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) )  for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Yossi Maimon   

Yossi Maimon 
         Vice President and Chief Financial
        Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452109_32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CERTIFICATION   

In connection with the quarterly report of Protalix BioTherapeutics,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ), I, Moshe Manor, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as
of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best
of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods
indicated. 

This Certification has not
been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Moshe Manor   

Moshe Manor 
         President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452109_32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2   

PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CERTIFICATION   

In connection with the quarterly report of Protalix BioTherapeutics,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  Report ), I, Yossi Maimon, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify
as of the date hereof, solely for the purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the
best of my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods
indicated. 

This Certification has not
been, and shall not be deemed,  filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Yossi Maimon   

Yossi Maimon 
         Vice President and Chief Financial
        Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 plx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 plx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 plx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 plx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 plx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 plx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

