<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-Q_edgar_data_775368_0001193125-16-755417_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8092030</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>183201</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>376508</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1835854</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3345407</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1570830</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>85</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-755417.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101164048
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-755417
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALLEGHANY CORP /DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000775368
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				271354706
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09371
		FILM NUMBER:		161965246

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1411 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		34TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-508-8130

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1411 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		34TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLEGHANY FINANCIAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-755417.txt : 20161101

10-Q
 1
 d250707d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

FORM 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
  (MARK ONE)   
 
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM
                             TO
                                                         
     COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-9371        
       ALLEGHANY
CORPORATION      EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER   
         
  DELAWARE      STATE OR OTHER
JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION      51-0283071   
  I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO.   
  1411 BROADWAY, 34TH FLOOR, NY, NY 10018   
  ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES, INCLUDING ZIP CODE   
  212-752-1356   
  REGISTRANT S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE   
  NOT APPLICABLE      FORMER
NAME, FORMER ADDRESS, AND FORMER FISCAL YEAR, IF CHANGED SINCE LAST REPORT        
      INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER
THE REGISTRANT: (1) HAS FILED ALL REPORTS REQUIRED TO BE FILED BY SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR FOR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT THE REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO FILE SUCH REPORTS), AND
(2) HAS BEEN SUBJECT TO SUCH FILING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE PAST 90 DAYS.    YES       NO     
 INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT HAS SUBMITTED ELECTRONICALLY AND POSTED ON ITS CORPORATE WEB SITE, IF ANY, EVERY INTERACTIVE DATA FILE REQUIRED
TO BE SUBMITTED AND POSTED PURSUANT TO RULE 405 OF REGULATION S-T (SECTION 232.405 OF THIS CHAPTER) DURING THE PRECEDING 12 MONTHS (OR SUCH SHORTER PERIOD THAT THE REGISTRANT WAS REQUIRED TO SUBMIT AND POST SUCH
FILES).    YES       NO       INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT IS A
LARGE ACCELERATED FILER, AN ACCELERATED FILER, A NON-ACCELERATED FILER OR A SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY. SEE THE DEFINITIONS OF  LARGE ACCELERATED FILER,   ACCELERATED FILER,  AND  SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY  IN RULE 12b-2
OF THE EXCHANGE ACT. (CHECK ONE):      

LARGE ACCELERATED FILER 

ACCELERATED FILER 

NON-ACCELERATED FILER 

(DO NOT CHECK IF A SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY) 
   
 SMALLER REPORTING COMPANY 

INDICATE BY CHECK MARK WHETHER THE REGISTRANT IS A SHELL COMPANY (AS DEFINED IN RULE 12B-2 OF THE EXCHANGE
ACT).    YES       NO       INDICATE THE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING OF EACH OF THE
ISSUER S CLASSES OF COMMON STOCK, AS OF THE LAST PRACTICABLE DATE.     15,419,275 SHARES, PAR VALUE $1.00 PER SHARE, AS OF OCTOBER 26,
2016           

Table of Contents  

   ALLEGHANY CORPORATION   
    TABLE OF CONTENTS       

Page     

PART I  

ITEM 1.  
   
    Financial Statements   

1 

ITEM 2.  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations   

22 

ITEM 3.  
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

62 

ITEM 4.  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

63 

PART II  

ITEM 1.  
   
    Legal Proceedings   

64 

ITEM 1A.  
   
    Risk Factors   

64 

ITEM 2.  
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

64 

ITEM 4.  
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

64 

ITEM 6.  
   
    Exhibits   

65 

SIGNATURES   

66 

EXHIBIT INDEX   

67 

Table of Contents  

   Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements.   
 ALLEGHANY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES     Consolidated Balance
Sheets       
   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

  ALLEGHANY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
 (unaudited)      
       See accompanying Notes to Unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

  ALLEGHANY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income   
 (unaudited)      
       See accompanying Notes to Unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

  ALLEGHANY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows     (unaudited)  
   
   See accompanying Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

  ALLEGHANY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
  1. Summary of Significant Accounting Principles   
   (a) Principles of Financial Statement Presentation    
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Form 10-Q ) should be read in conjunction with the Annual Report on  Form 10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ) and the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 of Alleghany Corporation
( Alleghany ).    Alleghany, a Delaware corporation, which was initially incorporated in Delaware in 1929, owns and manages certain
operating subsidiaries and investments, anchored by a core position in property and casualty reinsurance and insurance. Through its wholly-owned subsidiary Alleghany Insurance Holdings LLC ( AIHL ) and its subsidiaries, Alleghany is
engaged in the property and casualty insurance business. AIHL s insurance operations are principally conducted by its subsidiaries RSUI Group, Inc. ( RSUI ), CapSpecialty, Inc. ( CapSpecialty ) and Pacific Compensation
Corporation ( PacificComp ). CapSpecialty has been a subsidiary of AIHL since January 2002, RSUI has been a subsidiary of AIHL since July 2003 and PacificComp has been a subsidiary of AIHL since July 2007. AIHL Re LLC ( AIHL
Re ), a captive reinsurance company which provides reinsurance to Alleghany s insurance operating subsidiaries and affiliates, has been a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alleghany since its formation in May 2006. Alleghany s reinsurance
operations commenced on March 6, 2012 when Alleghany consummated a merger with Transatlantic Holdings, Inc. ( TransRe ) and TransRe became one of Alleghany s wholly-owned subsidiaries. Alleghany s public equity investments,
including those held by TransRe s and AIHL s operating subsidiaries, are managed primarily through Alleghany s wholly-owned subsidiary Roundwood Asset Management LLC.  
 Although Alleghany s primary sources of revenues and earnings are its reinsurance and insurance operations and investments, Alleghany also
manages, sources, executes and monitors certain private capital investments primarily through its wholly-owned subsidiary Alleghany Capital Corporation ( Alleghany Capital ). Alleghany Capital s private capital investments are
included in other activities for segment reporting purposes and include: (i) Stranded Oil Resources Corporation ( SORC ), an exploration and production company focused on enhanced oil recovery, headquartered in Golden, Colorado;
(ii) Bourn   Koch, Inc. ( Bourn   Koch ), a manufacturer and remanufacturer/retrofitter of precision machine tools and supplier of replacement parts, headquartered in Rockford, Illinois; (iii) R.C. Tway Company,
LLC ( Kentucky Trailer ), a manufacturer of custom trailers and truck bodies for the moving and storage industry and other markets, headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky; (iv) IPS-Integrated Project Services, LLC ( IPS ), a
technical service provider focused on the global pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, headquartered in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania; (v) Jazwares, LLC (together with its affiliates,  Jazwares ), a toy and consumer electronics
company, headquartered in Sunrise, Florida; and (vi) an approximately 15 percent equity interest in ORX Exploration, Inc. ( ORX ), a regional oil and gas exploration and production company, headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana. The
results of IPS have been included in Alleghany s consolidated results beginning with its acquisition by Alleghany Capital on October 31, 2015. On April 15, 2016, Alleghany Capital acquired an additional 50 percent of Jazwares 
outstanding equity, bringing its equity ownership interest to 80 percent and, as of that date, the results of Jazwares have been included in Alleghany s consolidated results. Prior to April 15, 2016, Jazwares was accounted for under the equity
method of accounting. In the second quarter of 2016, Alleghany Capital s equity interest in ORX was reduced from approximately 40 percent to approximately 15 percent pursuant to an ORX recapitalization. ORX continues to be accounted for
under the equity method of accounting. In addition, Alleghany owns and manages properties in the Sacramento, California region through its wholly-owned subsidiary Alleghany Properties Holdings LLC ( Alleghany Properties ).  
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references to  Alleghany  include Alleghany together with its subsidiaries.  
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of Alleghany and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). All material inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
 The portion of stockholders  equity, net earnings and accumulated other comprehensive income that is not attributable to Alleghany
stockholders is presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income as noncontrolling interest. Because all noncontrolling interests have the option to sell their ownership interests to
Alleghany in the future (generally through 2023), the portion of stockholders  equity that is not attributable to Alleghany stockholders is presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as redeemable noncontrolling interest for all periods
presented. During the first nine months of 2016, Bourn   Koch had approximately 11 percent noncontrolling interests outstanding, Kentucky Trailer had approximately 20 percent noncontrolling interests outstanding, IPS had approximately
16 percent noncontrolling interests outstanding and, beginning April 15, 2016, Jazwares had approximately 20 percent noncontrolling interests outstanding.  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and
assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
 
      5  

Table of Contents  

Alleghany relies on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances to make judgments about the carrying value of assets and
liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ materially from those reported results to the extent that those estimates and assumptions prove to be inaccurate. Changes in estimates are reflected in the
consolidated statement of earnings and comprehensive income in the period in which the change is made.      (b) Other Significant
Accounting Principles      Alleghany s significant accounting principles can be found in Note 1 to Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K.  
   (c) Recent Accounting Standards    
  Recently Adopted     In
February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued guidance that amended the analysis that must be performed to determine whether an entity should consolidate certain types of legal entities. Under this guidance,
the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities is modified, the presumption that general partners should consolidate limited partnerships is eliminated and the process
to determine the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity is modified. This guidance was effective in the first quarter of 2016. Alleghany adopted this guidance in the first quarter of 2016 and the implementation did not have a material
impact on its results of operations and financial condition.    In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires debt issuance costs
related to debt liabilities be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, which is consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not
affected. This guidance was effective in the first quarter of 2016. Alleghany adopted this guidance on a retrospective basis in the first quarter of 2016 and the implementation resulted in a reduction of other assets and a corresponding decrease in
senior notes of approximately $7 million as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     Future Application of Accounting
Standards     In May 2014, the FASB, together with the International Accounting Standards Board, issued guidance on the recognition of
revenue from contracts with customers. Under this guidance, revenue is recognized as the transfer of goods and services to customers takes place, and in amounts that reflect the payment or payments that are expected to be received from the customers
for those goods and services. This guidance also requires new disclosures about revenue. Revenues related to insurance and reinsurance are not impacted by this guidance. In July 2015, the FASB decided to delay the effective date of the new revenue
standard by a year. This guidance is now effective in the first quarter of 2018 for public entities, with early adoption permitted in 2017. Alleghany will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2018 and does not currently believe that the
implementation will have a material impact on its results of operations and financial condition.    In May 2015, the FASB issued guidance
that requires disclosures related to short-duration insurance contracts. The guidance applies to property and casualty insurance and reinsurance entities, among others, and requires the following annual disclosure related to the liability for loss
and loss adjustment expenses ( LAE ): (i) net incurred and paid claims development information by accident year for up to ten years; (ii) a reconciliation of incurred and paid claims development information to the aggregate
carrying amount of the liability for loss and LAE; (iii) incurred-but-not-reported liabilities by accident year and in total; (iv) a description of reserving methodologies (as well as any changes to those methodologies);
(v) quantitative information about claim frequency by accident year; and (vi) the average annual percentage payout of incurred claims by age by accident year. In addition, the guidance requires insurance entities to disclose for annual and
interim reporting periods a roll-forward of the liability for loss and LAE. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with
early adoption permitted. Alleghany will adopt this guidance as of December 31, 2016 and does not currently believe that the implementation will have an impact on its results of operations and financial condition.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes the recognition and measurement of certain financial instruments. This guidance requires
investments in equity securities (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. For equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair
values, measurement may be at cost, adjusted for any impairment and changes resulting from observable price changes for a similar investment of the same issuer. This guidance also changes the presentation and disclosure of financial instruments by:
(i) requiring that financial instrument disclosures of fair value use the exit price notion; (ii) requiring separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form, either on the balance sheet
or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; (iii) requiring separate presentation in other comprehensive income for the portion of the change in a liability s fair value resulting from instrument-specific credit risk when an
election has been made to measure the liability at fair value; and (iv) eliminating the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the
balance sheet. This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Except for the change in presentation for instrument-specific credit risk,
this guidance does not permit early adoption.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

Alleghany will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2018. As of January 1, 2018, unrealized gains or losses of equity securities, net of deferred taxes, will be reclassified from
accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings. Subsequently, all changes in unrealized gains or losses of equity securities, net of deferred taxes, will be presented in the consolidated statement of earnings, rather than the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Alleghany does not currently believe that the implementation will have a material impact on its financial condition.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance on leases. Under this guidance, a lessee is required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases
with terms of more than one year, whereas under current guidance, a lessee is only required to recognize assets and liabilities for those leases qualifying as capital leases. This guidance also requires new disclosures about the amount, timing and
uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The accounting by lessors is to remain largely unchanged. This guidance is effective in the first quarter of 2019 for public entities, with early adoption permitted. Alleghany will adopt this guidance
in the first quarter of 2019 and does not currently believe that the implementation will have a material impact on its results of operations and financial condition.  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance on credit losses. Under this guidance, a company is required to measure all expected credit losses on
loans, reinsurance recoverables and other financial assets accounted for at cost or amortized cost, as applicable. Estimates of expected credit losses are to be based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable
forecasts. Credit losses for securities accounted for on an available-for-sale ( AFS ) basis are to be measured in a manner similar to GAAP as currently applied and cannot exceed the amount by which fair value is less than the amortized
cost. Credit losses for all financial assets are to be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. Subsequent reversals in credit loss estimates are permitted and are to be recognized in earnings. This guidance also requires new disclosures
about the significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality of financial assets. This guidance is effective in the first quarter of 2020 for public entities, with early adoption permitted. Alleghany
will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2020 and does not currently believe that the implementation will have a material impact on its results of operations and financial condition.  
  2. Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
 The carrying values and estimated fair values of Alleghany s consolidated financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 were as follows:      

(1) 
 This table includes AFS investments (debt and equity securities, as well as partnership and non-marketable equity investments carried at fair value that are included in other invested assets). This table excludes
investments accounted for using the equity method and commercial mortgage loans that are carried at unpaid principal balance. The fair value of short-term investments approximates amortized cost. The fair value of all other categories of investments
is discussed in Note 1(c) to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K.    

(2) 
 See Note 8 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K for additional information on the senior notes.
   
      7  

Table of Contents  

  Alleghany s financial instruments measured at fair value and the level of the fair value
hierarchy of inputs used as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:      

(1) 
 Primarily includes government agency pass-through securities guaranteed by a government agency or government-sponsored enterprise, among other types of RMBS.    

(3) 
 Includes partnership and non-marketable equity investments accounted for on an AFS basis, and excludes investments accounted for using the equity method.    
      8  

Table of Contents  

  In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were transfers of $5.1 million and
$5.4 million, respectively, of debt securities out of Level 3 that were principally due to an increase in observable inputs related to the valuation of such assets, and specifically, an increase in broker quotes. Of the $5.4 million of transfers,
$5.1 million related to U.S. corporate bonds and $0.3 million related to other invested assets.    In the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, there were transfers of $5.7 million and $8.4 million, respectively, of securities into Level 3 that were principally due to a decrease in observable inputs related to the valuation of such assets, and specifically, a decrease in
broker quotes. Of the $8.4 million of transfers, $5.5 million related to U.S. corporate bonds, $1.9 million related to foreign corporate bonds and $1.0 million related to common stock. There were no other material transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3
in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.    In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, there were transfers of $3.0
million and $19.3 million, respectively, of debt securities out of Level 3 that were principally due to an increase in observable inputs related to the valuation of such assets. Of the $19.3 million of transfers, $13.8 million related to U.S.
corporate bonds and $5.5 million related to foreign corporate bonds.    In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, there were
transfers of $5.9 million and $15.5 million, respectively, of securities into Level 3 that were principally due to a decrease in observable inputs related to the valuation of such assets. Of the $15.5 million of transfers, $9.8 million related to
U.S. corporate bonds, $5.0 million related to other invested assets and $0.7 million related to foreign corporate bonds. There were no other material transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 The following tables present reconciliations of the changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 in Level 3 assets
measured at fair value:  

(1) 
 Includes partnership and non-marketable equity investments accounted for on an AFS basis.    

(2) 
 There were no other than temporary impairment ( OTTI ) losses recorded in net earnings related to Level 3 investments still held as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.    
      9  

Table of Contents  

  Net unrealized losses related to Level 3 investments as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 were not material.    See Note 1(c) to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K for Alleghany s accounting policy on fair value.     3. Investments
      (a) Unrealized Gains and Losses    
 The amortized cost or cost and the fair value of AFS securities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are summarized as follows:

10  

Table of Contents  

(b) Contractual Maturity    
 The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities by contractual maturity as of September 30, 2016 are shown below. Expected
maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.      

(1) 
 Mortgage and asset-backed securities by their nature do not generally have single maturity dates.    
      11  

Table of Contents  

    (c) Net Investment Income    
 Net investment income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:  

(1) 
 See Note 3(g) for discussion of the Pillar Investments and the investment in Ares, each as defined therein.    
 As of September 30, 2016, non-income producing invested assets were insignificant.  
   (d) Realized Gains and Losses    
 The proceeds from sales of AFS securities were $0.8 billion and $1.4 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, and $5.2 billion and $6.6 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Realized capital
gains and losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 primarily reflect sales of equity and debt securities. In addition, Alleghany Capital recognized a gain of $13.2 million on April 15, 2016 in connection with its
acquisition of an additional 50 percent equity ownership in Jazwares, when its pre-existing 30 percent equity ownership was remeasured at estimated fair value (the  Jazwares Remeasurement Gain ). Realized capital gains from equity
securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 include the sales of certain equity securities resulting from a partial restructuring of the equity portfolio, as well as the sales of certain equity securities which had their cost basis
reduced in earlier periods for the recognition of OTTI losses.    Gross realized capital gains and gross realized capital losses for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:      
   Gross realized loss amounts exclude OTTI losses, as discussed below.  
   (e) OTTI Losses    
 Alleghany holds its equity and debt securities as AFS, and as such, these securities are recorded at fair value. Alleghany continually monitors
the difference between cost and the estimated fair value of its equity and debt investments, which involves uncertainty as to whether declines in value are temporary in nature. The analysis of a security s decline in value is performed in its
functional currency. If the decline is deemed temporary, Alleghany records the decline as an unrealized loss in stockholders  equity. If the decline is deemed to be other than temporary, Alleghany writes its cost-basis or amortized cost-basis
down to the fair value of the security and records an OTTI loss on its statement of earnings. In addition, any portion of such decline related to a debt security that is believed to arise from factors other than credit is recorded as a component of
other comprehensive income rather than charged against earnings.    Management s assessment of equity securities initially involves an
evaluation of all securities that are in an unrealized loss position, regardless of the duration or severity of the loss, as of the applicable balance sheet date. Such initial review consists primarily of assessing whether: (i) there has been a
negative credit or news event with respect to the issuer that could indicate the  
      12  

Table of Contents  

existence of an OTTI; and (ii) Alleghany has the ability and intent to hold an equity security for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery (generally considered to
be 12 months from the balance sheet date).    To the extent that an equity security in an unrealized loss position is not impaired based on
the initial review described above, Alleghany then further evaluates such equity security and deems it to be other than temporarily impaired if it has been in an unrealized loss position for 12 months or more or if its unrealized loss position is
greater than 50 percent of its cost, absent compelling evidence to the contrary.    Alleghany then evaluates those equity securities where
the unrealized loss is at least 20 percent of cost as of the balance sheet date or which have been in an unrealized loss position continuously for six months or more preceding the balance sheet date. This evaluation takes into account quantitative
and qualitative factors in determining whether such securities are other than temporarily impaired including: (i) market valuation metrics associated with the equity security (such as dividend yield and price-to-earnings ratio);
(ii) current views on the equity security, as expressed by either Alleghany s internal stock analysts and/or by third-party stock analysts or rating agencies; and (iii) credit or news events associated with a specific issuer, such as
negative news releases and rating agency downgrades with respect to the issuer of the equity security.    Debt securities in an unrealized
loss position are evaluated for OTTI if they meet any of the following criteria: (i) they are trading at a discount of at least 20 percent to amortized cost for an extended period of time (nine consecutive months or more); (ii) there has
been a negative credit or news event with respect to the issuer that could indicate the existence of an OTTI; or (iii) Alleghany intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that Alleghany will sell, the debt security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis.    If Alleghany intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that Alleghany will sell, a debt security before
recovery of its amortized cost basis, the total amount of the unrealized loss position is recognized as an OTTI loss in earnings. To the extent that a debt security that is in an unrealized loss position is not impaired based on the preceding,
Alleghany will consider a debt security to be impaired when it believes it to be probable that Alleghany will not be able to collect the entire amortized cost basis. For debt securities in an unrealized loss position as of the end of each quarter,
Alleghany develops a best estimate of the present value of expected cash flows. If the results of the cash flow analysis indicate Alleghany will not recover the full amount of its amortized cost basis in the debt security, Alleghany records an OTTI
loss in earnings equal to the difference between the present value of expected cash flows and the amortized cost basis of the debt security. If applicable, the difference between the total unrealized loss position on the debt security and the OTTI
loss recognized in earnings is the non-credit related portion, which is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income.    In
developing the cash flow analyses for debt securities, Alleghany considers various factors for the different categories of debt securities. For municipal bonds, Alleghany takes into account the taxing power of the issuer, source of revenue, credit
risk and enhancements and pre-refunding. For mortgage and asset-backed securities, Alleghany discounts its best estimate of future cash flows at an effective rate equal to the original effective yield of the security or, in the case of floating rate
securities, at the current coupon. Alleghany s models include assumptions about prepayment speeds, default and delinquency rates and underlying collateral (if any), as well as credit ratings, credit enhancements and other observable market
data. For corporate bonds, Alleghany reviews business prospects, credit ratings and available information from asset managers and rating agencies for individual securities.  
 OTTI losses in the first nine months of 2016 reflect $38.2 million of unrealized losses that were deemed to be other than temporary and, as
such, were required to be charged against earnings. Upon the ultimate disposition of the securities for which OTTI losses have been recorded, a portion of the loss may be recoverable depending on market conditions at the time of disposition. Of the
$38.2 million of OTTI losses, $16.6 million related to equity securities, primarily in the retail, financial services, technology and chemical sectors, and $21.6 million related to debt securities, primarily in the energy sector. The
determination that unrealized losses on equity and debt securities were other than temporary was primarily due to the severity and duration of the decline in the fair value of equity and debt securities relative to their costs. Of the $38.2 million
of OTTI losses, $11.7 million was incurred in the third quarter of 2016.    OTTI losses in the first nine months of 2015 reflect $112.3
million of unrealized losses that were deemed to be other than temporary and, as such, were required to be charged against earnings. Of the $112.3 million of OTTI losses, $107.3 million related to equity securities, primarily in the airline, energy,
gaming, pharmaceutical and mining sectors, and $5.0 million related to debt securities, primarily in the energy and finance sectors. The determination that unrealized losses on equity and debt securities were other than temporary was primarily due
to the fact that Alleghany lacked the intent to hold the securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery and, to a lesser extent, based on the duration of the decline in the fair value of equity securities relative to
their costs. Of the $112.3 million of OTTI losses, $52.7 million was incurred in the third quarter of 2015.    After adjusting the cost basis
of securities for the recognition of OTTI losses, the remaining gross unrealized investment losses for debt and equity securities as of September 30, 2016 were deemed to be temporary, based on, among other factors: (i) the duration of time and
the relative magnitude to which the fair value of these investments had been below cost were not indicative of an OTTI loss; (ii) the absence of compelling evidence that would cause Alleghany to call into question the financial condition or
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

near-term business prospects of the issuer of the security; and (iii) Alleghany s ability and intent to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated
recovery.    Alleghany may ultimately record a realized loss after having originally concluded that the decline in value was temporary. Risks
and uncertainties are inherent in the methodology. Alleghany s methodology for assessing other than temporary declines in value contains inherent risks and uncertainties which could include, but are not limited to, incorrect assumptions about
financial condition, liquidity or future prospects, inadequacy of any underlying collateral and unfavorable changes in economic conditions or social trends, interest rates or credit ratings.  
   (f) Aging of Gross Unrealized Losses    
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, gross unrealized losses and related fair values for equity securities and debt securities,
grouped by duration of time in a continuous unrealized loss position, were as follows:      
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

As of September 30, 2016, Alleghany held a total of 535 debt securities and equity securities that were in an
unrealized loss position, of which 170 securities, all debt securities, were in an unrealized loss position continuously for 12 months or more. The unrealized losses associated with these debt securities consisted primarily of losses related to
other asset-backed securities, U.S. corporate bonds, municipal bonds and RMBS.    As of September 30, 2016, the vast majority of
Alleghany s debt securities were rated investment grade, with 4.4 percent of debt securities having issuer credit ratings that were below investment grade or not rated, compared with 3.6 percent as of December 31, 2015.  
   (g) Investments in Certain Other Invested Assets    
 In December 2012, TransRe obtained an ownership interest in Pillar Capital Holdings Limited ( Pillar Holdings ), a Bermuda-based
insurance asset manager focused on collateralized reinsurance and catastrophe insurance-linked securities. Additionally, TransRe invested $175.0 million and AIHL invested $25.0 million in limited partnership funds managed by Pillar Holdings (the
 Funds ). The objective of the Funds is to create portfolios with attractive risk-reward characteristics and low correlation with other asset classes, using the extensive reinsurance and capital market experience of the principals of
Pillar Holdings. Alleghany has concluded that both Pillar Holdings and the Funds (collectively, the  Pillar Investments ) represent variable interest entities and that Alleghany is not the primary beneficiary, as it does not have the
ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact each entity s economic performance. Therefore, the Pillar Investments are not consolidated and are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Alleghany s potential
maximum loss in the Pillar Investments is limited to its cumulative net investment. As of September 30, 2016, Alleghany s carrying value in the Pillar Investments, as determined under the equity method of accounting, was
$230.8 million, which is net of returns of capital received from the Pillar Investments.    In July 2013, AIHL invested $250.0 million
in Ares Management LLC ( Ares ), an asset manager, in exchange for a 6.25 percent equity stake in Ares, with an agreement to engage Ares to manage up to $1.0 billion in certain investment strategies. In May 2014, Ares completed an initial
public offering of its common units. Upon completion of the initial public offering, Alleghany s equity investment in Ares converted to limited partner interests in certain Ares subsidiaries that are convertible into an aggregate 5.9 percent
interest in Ares common units. These interests may be converted, at any time at Alleghany s discretion. Until Alleghany determines to convert its limited partner interests into Ares common units, Alleghany classifies its investment in
Ares as a component of other invested assets, and accounts for its investment using the equity method of accounting. As of September 30, 2016, AIHL s carrying value in Ares was $220.7 million, which is net of returns of capital received from
Ares.      (h) Investments in Commercial Mortgage Loans    
 As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of Alleghany s commercial loan portfolio was $514.9 million, representing the unpaid
principal balance on the loans. As of September 30, 2016, there was no allowance for loan losses. The commercial loan  
      15  

Table of Contents  

portfolio consists primarily of first mortgages on commercial properties in major metropolitan areas in the U.S. The loans earn interest at fixed- and floating-rates, mature in two to ten
years and the principal amount of the loans were no more than approximately two-thirds of each property s appraised value at the time the loan was made.  
  4. Reinsurance Ceded   
   (a) Overview    
 Alleghany s reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries reinsure portions of the risks they underwrite in order to reduce the effect of
individual or aggregate exposure to losses, manage capacity, protect capital resources, reduce volatility in specific lines of business, improve risk-adjusted portfolio returns and enable them to increase gross premium writings and risk capacity
without requiring additional capital. Alleghany s reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries purchase reinsurance and retrocessional coverages from highly-rated third-party reinsurers. If the assuming reinsurers are unable or unwilling to meet the
obligations assumed under the applicable reinsurance agreements, Alleghany s reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries would remain liable for such reinsurance portion not paid by these reinsurers. As such, Alleghany s reinsurance and
insurance subsidiaries reinsure portions of the risks they underwrite or assume with multiple reinsurance programs, and funds, trust agreements and letters of credit are held to collateralize a portion of their reinsurance recoverables.  
   (b) Significant Reinsurance Contracts    
 As discussed in Note 5(d) to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K, RSUI reinsures its property lines of business through a program consisting of surplus share treaties, facultative placements, per risk and catastrophe excess of loss treaties. RSUI s catastrophe
reinsurance program and property per risk reinsurance program run on an annual basis from May 1 to the following April 30 and portions expired on April 30, 2016.  
 RSUI s catastrophe reinsurance program covers catastrophe risks including, among others, windstorms and earthquakes. Portions of the
catastrophe reinsurance program include multi-year terms, some of which were entered into in 2014. As of September 30, 2016, the catastrophe reinsurance program consisted of three layers, with portions of the first two layers placed on
May 1, 2015 and May 1, 2016 and portions of the third layer placed on May 1, 2014 and May 1, 2016. The portions of the program expiring on April 30, 2016 were renewed on May 1, 2016. The catastrophe reinsurance program
provides coverage for $600.0 million of losses in excess of a $200.0 million net retention after application of surplus share treaties and facultative reinsurance. The first layer provides coverage for $300.0 million of losses, subject to a 5.0
percent co-participation by RSUI in excess of $200.0 million, the second layer provides coverage for $100.0 million of losses in excess of $500.0 million, with no co-participation by RSUI, and the third layer provides coverage for $200.0 million of
losses in excess of $600.0 million, with no co-participation by RSUI. The first and second layers of coverage include the following expiration terms: approximately 34 percent of coverage limits, which originally expired on April 30, 2016 and
was renewed May 1, 2016, currently expires on April 30, 2019; approximately 33 percent of coverage limits expire on April 30, 2017; and approximately 33 percent of coverage limits expire on April 30, 2018. The third layer of
coverage originally expired on April 30, 2017. However, effective May 1, 2016 approximately 39 percent of the third layer of coverage was cancelled and replaced with the same coverage for a three year period expiring on April 30, 2019. The remaining
coverage limits expire on April 30, 2017.    In addition, RSUI s property per risk reinsurance program runs on an annual basis from
May 1 to the following April 30 and thus expired on April 30, 2016. On May 1, 2016, the property per risk program was renewed and will expire on April 30, 2017. For the 2016 to 2017 period, RSUI s property per risk
reinsurance program provides coverage for $90.0 million of losses, subject to a 10.0 percent co-participation by RSUI, in excess of a $10.0 million net retention per risk after application of surplus share treaties and facultative reinsurance.
    5. Income Taxes     The effective tax
rate on earnings before income taxes for the first nine months of 2016 was 29.3 percent, compared with 25.4 percent for the first nine months of 2015. The increase in the effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2016 from the first
nine months of 2015 primarily reflects prior period income tax expense adjustments and lower tax-exempt interest income arising from municipal bond securities. Prior period income tax expense adjustments for the first nine months of 2016
include $16.1 million of out-of-period reductions to current and deferred TransRe tax assets recorded in the first nine months of 2016 that relate primarily to periods prior to the merger with TransRe in 2012.  
 Alleghany believes that, as of September 30, 2016, it had no material uncertain tax positions. Interest and penalties relating to unrecognized
tax expenses (benefits) are recognized in income tax expense, when applicable. There were no material liabilities for interest or penalties accrued as of September 30, 2016.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

   6. Stockholders  Equity   
   (a) Common Stock Repurchases    
 In July 2014, the Alleghany Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of shares of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of Alleghany
( Common Stock ), at such times and at prices as management determines to be advisable, up to an aggregate of $350.0 million (the  2014 Repurchase Program ). In November 2015, the Alleghany Board of Directors authorized the
repurchase, upon the completion of the 2014 Repurchase Program, of additional shares of Common Stock, at such times and at prices as management determines to be advisable, up to an aggregate of $400.0 million (the  2015 Repurchase
Program ). In the first quarter of 2016, Alleghany completed the 2014 Repurchase Program and subsequent repurchases have been made pursuant to the 2015 Repurchase Program.  
 Pursuant to the 2014 Repurchase Program and the 2015 Repurchase Program, as applicable, Alleghany repurchased shares of Common Stock in the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as follows:      
     (b) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income    
 The following table presents a reconciliation of the changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 in accumulated other
comprehensive income attributable to Alleghany stockholders:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

  Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to Alleghany
stockholders during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:      
         
    7.
Earnings Per Share of Common Stock     The following is a reconciliation of the earnings and share data used in the basic and diluted
earnings per share computations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   70,881 and 72,865 contingently issuable shares were potentially available during the first nine months of 2016
and 2015, respectively, but were not included in the diluted earnings per share computations because the impact was anti-dilutive to the earnings per share calculation.  
  8. Commitments and Contingencies   
   (a) Legal Proceedings    
 Certain of Alleghany s subsidiaries are parties to pending litigation and claims in connection with the ordinary course of their
businesses. Each such subsidiary makes provisions for estimated losses to be incurred in such litigation and claims, including legal costs. In the opinion of management, such provisions are adequate.  
   (b) Leases    
 Alleghany and its subsidiaries lease certain facilities, furniture and equipment under long-term lease agreements. Additional information about
leases can be found in Note 12(c) to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K.  
   (c) Energy Holdings    
 As of September 30, 2016, Alleghany had holdings in energy sector businesses of $773.9 million, comprised of $274.2 million of debt securities,
$282.0 million of equity securities and $217.7 million of Alleghany s equity attributable to SORC.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

   9. Segments of Business   
   (a) Overview    
 Alleghany s segments are reported in a manner consistent with the way management evaluates the businesses. As such, Alleghany classifies
its business into two reportable segments   reinsurance and insurance. Other activities include Alleghany Capital and corporate activities. In addition, reinsurance and insurance underwriting activities are evaluated separately from investment
and other activities. Net realized capital gains and OTTI losses are not considered relevant in evaluating investment performance on an annual basis. Segment accounting policies are described in Note 1 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K.    The
reinsurance segment consists of property and casualty reinsurance operations conducted by TransRe s reinsurance operating subsidiaries and is further reported by major product lines   property and casualty   other. TransRe
provides property and casualty reinsurance to insurers and reinsurers through brokers and on a direct basis to ceding companies. TransRe also writes a modest amount of insurance business, which is included in the reinsurance segment. Over one-third
of the premiums earned by TransRe s operations are generated by offices located in Canada, Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa and those serving Latin America and the Caribbean. Although the majority of the premiums earned by these offices
typically relate to the regions where they are located, a significant portion may be derived from other regions of the world, including the U.S. In addition, although a significant portion of the assets and liabilities of these foreign offices
generally relate to the countries where ceding companies and reinsurers are located, most investments are located in the country of domicile of these offices.  
 The insurance segment consists of property and casualty insurance operations conducted in the U.S. by AIHL through its insurance operating
subsidiaries RSUI, CapSpecialty and PacificComp. RSUI also writes a modest amount of assumed reinsurance business, which is included in the insurance segment.  
 The components of other activities are Alleghany Capital and corporate activities. Alleghany Capital consists of manufacturing and service
operations, oil and gas operations and corporate operations and investments at the Alleghany Capital level. Manufacturing and service operations are conducted through Bourn   Koch, Kentucky Trailer, IPS (beginning October 31, 2015) and
Jazwares. Oil and gas operations are conducted through SORC, and also include Alleghany Capital s investment in ORX. ORX is accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
 On April 15, 2016, Alleghany Capital acquired an additional 50 percent of Jazwares  outstanding equity for $162.8 million, bringing its
equity ownership interest to 80 percent and, as of that date, the results of Jazwares have been included in Alleghany s consolidated results. Prior to April 15, 2016, Jazwares was accounted for under the equity method of
accounting. The $162.8 million purchase price includes $122.1 million in cash paid on April 18, 2016 and $40.7 million of potential contingent consideration based on future profitability. In connection with the acquisition, $130.0 million,
$52.4 million and $89.7 million of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and finite-lived intangible assets, respectively, were recorded. Indefinite-lived intangible assets relate to trade name, and finite-lived intangible assets relate to
license agreements, customer relationships and owned content.    The primary components of corporate activities are Alleghany Properties and
other activities at the Alleghany parent company.    In addition, corporate activities include interest expense associated with senior notes
issued by Alleghany, whereas interest expense associated with senior notes issued by TransRe is included in  Total Segments.  Information related to Alleghany s and TransRe s senior notes can be found in Note 8 to Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

    (b) Results    
 Results for Alleghany s two reportable segments and for other activities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
are shown in the tables below:      
 
      20  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Primarily consists of the following assumed reinsurance lines of business: directors  and officers  liability; errors and omissions liability; general liability; medical malpractice; ocean marine and aviation;
auto liability; accident and health; surety; and credit.    

(2) 
 Includes elimination of minor reinsurance activity between segments.    

(3) 
 Underwriting profit represents net premiums earned less net loss and LAE and commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses, all as determined in accordance with GAAP, and does not include net investment income,
net realized capital gains, OTTI losses, other revenue, other operating expenses, corporate administration, amortization of intangible assets or interest expense. Underwriting profit does not replace earnings before income taxes determined in
accordance with GAAP as a measure of profitability. Rather, Alleghany believes that underwriting profit enhances the understanding of its segments  operating results by highlighting net earnings attributable to their underwriting performance.
Earnings before income taxes (a GAAP measure) may show a profit despite an underlying underwriting loss. Where underwriting losses persist over extended periods, a reinsurance or an insurance company s ability to continue as an ongoing concern
may be at risk. Therefore, Alleghany views underwriting profit as an important measure in the overall evaluation of performance.    
   (c) Identifiable assets and equity    
 As of September 30, 2016, the identifiable assets of the reinsurance segment, insurance segment and other activities were $16.2 billion,
$6.6 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, of which cash and invested assets represented $13.6 billion, $5.1 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, Alleghany s equity attributable to the reinsurance
segment, insurance segment and other activities was $5.4 billion, $2.8 billion and ($0.1) billion, respectively.    Included in other
activities is debt associated with Alleghany Capital s operating subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2016, this includes $41.5 million of debt at Kentucky Trailer related primarily to a mortgage loan, borrowings to finance small acquisitions and
borrowings under its available credit facility, $33.0 million of borrowings by Jazwares under its available credit facility and $4.5 million of borrowings by IPS under its available credit facility. None of these liabilities are guaranteed by
Alleghany or Alleghany Capital, and they are classified as a component of other liabilities on Alleghany s consolidated balance sheets.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.     The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations. This
discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part I, Item 1,  Financial Statements  of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, or this  Form 10-Q,  and our audited consolidated financial statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data  of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, or the  2015 Form 10-K.   
 References in this Form 10-Q to the  Company,   Alleghany,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to
Alleghany Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires. In addition, unless the context otherwise requires, references to      

TransRe  are to our wholly-owned reinsurance holding company subsidiary Transatlantic Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries,    

AIHL  are to our wholly-owned insurance holding company subsidiary Alleghany Insurance Holdings LLC,        

RSUI  are to our wholly-owned subsidiary RSUI Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries,        

CapSpecialty  are to our wholly-owned subsidiary CapSpecialty, Inc. and its subsidiaries,        

PacificComp  are to our wholly-owned subsidiary Pacific Compensation Corporation and its subsidiary,        

AIHL Re  are to our wholly-owned subsidiary AIHL Re LLC,        

Roundwood  are to our wholly-owned subsidiary Roundwood Asset Management LLC,        

Alleghany Capital  are to our wholly-owned subsidiary Alleghany Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries,        

SORC  are to our wholly-owned subsidiary Stranded Oil Resources Corporation and its subsidiaries,        

Bourn   Koch  are to our majority-owned subsidiary Bourn   Koch, Inc.,        

Kentucky Trailer  are to our majority-owned subsidiary R.C. Tway Company, LLC and its subsidiaries,        

IPS  are to our majority-owned subsidiary IPS-Integrated Project Services, LLC and its subsidiaries,        

Jazwares  are to our majority-owned subsidiary Jazwares, LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and        

Alleghany Properties  are to our wholly-owned subsidiary Alleghany Properties Holdings LLC and its subsidiaries.    
  Note on Forward-Looking Statements   
 Certain statements contained in this Form 10-Q, including in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  and  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk,  may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements may be identified by the use of words such as  may,   will,   expect,   project,   estimate,   anticipate,   plan,   believe,   potential, 
 should  or the negative versions of those words or other comparable words. Forward-looking statements do not relate solely to historical or current facts, rather are based on management s expectations as well as certain
assumptions and estimates made by, and information available to, management at the time. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements are based upon Alleghany s current expectations and are subject
to a number of uncertainties and risks that could significantly affect current plans, anticipated actions and Alleghany s future financial condition and results. Factors that could cause these forward-looking statements to differ, possibly
materially, from that currently contemplated include:      

significant weather-related or other natural or man-made catastrophes and disasters;        

the cyclical nature of the property and casualty reinsurance and insurance industries;        

changes in market prices of our significant equity investments and changes in value of our debt securities portfolio;        

adverse loss development for events insured by our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries in either the current year or prior years;    

the long-tail and potentially volatile nature of certain casualty lines of business written by our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries;    

the cost and availability of reinsurance;        

the reliance by our reinsurance operating subsidiaries on a limited number of brokers;    
      22  

Table of Contents  

increases in the levels of risk retention by our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries;        

changes in the ratings assigned to our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries;        

claims development and the process of estimating reserves;        

exposure to terrorist acts and acts of war;        

the willingness and ability of our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries  reinsurers to pay reinsurance recoverables owed to our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries;    

legal, political, judicial and regulatory changes, including the federal financial regulatory reform of the insurance industry by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act;    

the uncertain nature of damage theories and loss amounts;        

the loss of key personnel of our reinsurance or insurance operating subsidiaries;        

fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates;        

the failure to comply with the restrictive covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness;        

the ability to make payments on, or repay or refinance, our debt;        

risks inherent in international operations; and        

difficult and volatile conditions in the global market.      Additional risks and uncertainties
include general economic and political conditions, including the effects of a prolonged U.S. or global economic downturn or recession; changes in costs; variations in political, economic or other factors; risks relating to conducting operations in a
competitive environment; effects of acquisition and disposition activities, inflation rates, or recessionary or expansive trends; changes in interest rates; extended labor disruptions, civil unrest, or other external factors over which we have no
control; changes in our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, or intentions, which may happen at any time at our discretion; and other factors discussed in Alleghany s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the  SEC.  All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. Alleghany does not undertake any obligation to update or
revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent circumstances or events.     Comment on Non-GAAP Financial Measures   
 Throughout this Form 10-Q, our analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or  GAAP.  Our results of operations have been presented in the way that we believe will be the most meaningful and
useful to investors, analysts, rating agencies and others who use financial information in evaluating our performance. This presentation includes the use of underwriting profit and Adjusted EBITDA, which are  non-GAAP financial measures, 
as such term is defined in Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. The presentation of these financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared and
presented in accordance with GAAP. Also note that these measures may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. A discussion of our calculation and use of these financial
measures is provided below.    Underwriting profit is a non-GAAP financial measure for our reinsurance and insurance segments. Underwriting
profit represents net premiums earned less net loss and loss adjustment expenses, or  LAE,  and commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses, all as determined in accordance with GAAP and does not include: (i) net investment
income; (ii) net realized capital gains; (iii) other than temporary impairment, or  OTTI,  losses; (iv) other revenue; (v) other operating expenses; (vi) corporate administration; (vii) amortization of intangible assets; and (viii)
interest expense. We consistently use underwriting profit as a supplement to earnings before income taxes, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the performance of our segments and believe that underwriting profit provides useful
additional information to investors because it highlights net earnings attributable to a segment s underwriting performance. Earnings before income taxes may show a profit despite an underlying underwriting loss, and when underwriting
losses persist over extended periods, a reinsurance or an insurance company s ability to continue as an ongoing concern may be at risk. A reconciliation of underwriting profit to earnings before income taxes is presented within
 Consolidated Results of Operations.     Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure for our non-insurance operating
subsidiaries and investments held by Alleghany Capital. Adjusted EBITDA represents other revenue less certain other expenses, and does not include: (i) depreciation expense (a component of other operating expenses); (ii) amortization
of intangible assets; (iii) interest expense; (iv) net realized capital gains; (v) OTTI losses; and (vi) income taxes. Because Adjusted EBITDA excludes interest, income taxes, depreciation and
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

amortization, it provides an indication of economic performance that is not affected by levels of debt, interest rates, effective tax rates or levels of depreciation and amortization resulting
from purchase accounting. We use Adjusted EBITDA as a supplement to earnings before income taxes, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the performance of certain of our non-insurance operating subsidiaries and investments. A
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to earnings before income taxes is presented within  Consolidated Results of Operations.   
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Overview   
  The following overview does not address all of the matters covered in the other sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations or contain all of the information that may be important to our stockholders or the investing public. This overview should be read in conjunction with the other sections of Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.       

Revenues, earnings before income taxes and Adjusted EBITDA for Alleghany Capital increased in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods, primarily reflecting the acquisition of
IPS on October 31, 2015, the inclusion of Jazwares in our consolidated results as of April 15, 2016 and, to a lesser extent, growth at Kentucky Trailer. Revenues were $218.6 million and $517.3 million in the third quarter and first nine months
of 2016, compared with $44.7 million and $121.8 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, respectively. Earnings (losses) before income taxes were $7.8 million and $4.2 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016,
compared with ($3.0) million and ($13.6) million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, respectively. Adjusted EBITDA was $20.3 million and $24.9 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, compared with $0.3 million and
($3.0) million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015, respectively.      As of September 30, 2016, we had total
assets of $24.1 billion and total stockholders  equity attributable to Alleghany stockholders of $8.1 billion. As of September 30, 2016, we had consolidated total investments of approximately $18.5 billion, consisting of $13.6 billion invested
in debt securities, $3.0 billion invested in equity securities, $0.8 billion invested in short-term investments, $0.5 billion invested in commercial mortgage loans and $0.6 billion invested in other invested assets.  
 Our principal executive offices are located in leased office space at 1411 Broadway, 34 th 
Floor, New York, New York, 10018, and our telephone number is (212) 752-1356.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Consolidated Results of Operations   
 The following table summarizes our consolidated revenues, costs and expenses and earnings.  
   
   Alleghany s segments are reported in a manner consistent with the way management evaluates the
businesses. As such, we classify our businesses into two reportable segments   reinsurance and insurance. Other activities include Alleghany Capital and corporate activities. See Note 9 to Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements
set forth in Part I, Item 1,  Financial Statements  of this Form 10-Q for additional detail on our segments and other activities. The results for our segments and for other activities for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 are shown in the tables below:  
      26  

Table of Contents  

27  

Table of Contents  

28  

Table of Contents  

29  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Includes elimination of minor reinsurance activity between segments.    

(2) 
 Underwriting profit represents net premiums earned less net loss and LAE and commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses, all as determined in accordance with GAAP, and does not include net investment income,
net realized capital gains, OTTI losses, other revenue, other operating expenses, corporate administration, amortization of intangible assets and interest expense. Underwriting profit is a non-GAAP financial measure and does not replace earnings
before income taxes determined in accordance with GAAP as a measure of profitability. See  Comment on Non-GAAP Financial Measures  herein for additional detail on the presentation of our results of operations.    

(3) 
 The loss ratio is derived by dividing the amount of net loss and LAE by net premiums earned, all as determined in accordance with GAAP.    

(4) 
 The expense ratio is derived by dividing the amount of commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses by net premiums earned, all as determined in accordance with GAAP.    

(5) 
 The combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio and the expense ratio, all as determined in accordance with GAAP. The combined ratio represents the percentage of each premium dollar a reinsurance or an insurance company
has to spend on net loss and LAE, and commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses.    
      30  

Table of Contents  

   Comparison of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
   Premiums.   The following table summarizes our consolidated premiums.  
   
   The increases in gross and net premiums written in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the
corresponding 2015 periods are primarily attributable to increases at our reinsurance segment, primarily reflecting $199.4 million and $624.2 million of premiums in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, related to a large
whole account quota share treaty entered into in the fourth quarter of 2015.    The increases in net premiums earned in the third quarter and
first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect increases at our reinsurance segment for the reasons discussed above.  
 A comparison of premiums for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 and 2015 is more fully described in the following pages.  
   Net loss and LAE.   The following table summarizes our consolidated net loss and LAE.  
   
   The increase in net loss and LAE in the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015 reflects an
increase at our reinsurance segment due primarily to higher net premiums earned, as discussed above, and higher non-catastrophe losses in the current accident year in connection with a large whole account quota share treaty entered into in the
fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by an increase in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves.    The increase in
net loss and LAE in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015 reflects an increase at our reinsurance segment due primarily to higher net premiums earned, as discussed above, higher catastrophe losses, as well as higher
non-catastrophe losses in the current accident year in connection with a large whole account quota share treaty entered into in the fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by an increase in favorable prior accident year development on loss
reserves.    A comparison of net loss and LAE for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 and 2015 is more fully described in the
following pages.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

      Commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses   .  The following
table summarizes our consolidated commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses.      
   The increases in commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses in the third quarter and first nine
months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods reflect increases at our reinsurance segment due primarily to higher net premiums earned, as discussed above, partially offset by slight decreases in employee-related overhead expenses.  
 A comparison of commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 and 2015 is more
fully described in the following pages.      Underwriting profit.   The following table summarizes our consolidated underwriting
profit.      
   The increase in underwriting profit in the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015 is due
primarily to our reinsurance segment, reflecting an increase in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves and lower catastrophe losses, partially offset by an increase in non-catastrophe losses in the current accident year, all as
discussed above.    The decrease in underwriting profit in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015 reflects a
decrease at our reinsurance segment, partially offset by an increase at our insurance segment. The decrease at our reinsurance segment primarily reflects higher catastrophe and non-catastrophe losses in the current accident year, partially
offset by an increase in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves, all as discussed above. The increase at our insurance segment reflects improved results at CapSpecialty and PacificComp, partially offset by a decrease in
underwriting profit at RSUI due primarily to higher catastrophe losses.    A comparison of underwriting profit for the third quarter and
first nine months of 2016 and 2015 is more fully described in the following pages.      Investment results.   The following table
summarizes our consolidated investment results.      
   The increase in net investment income in the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015 primarily
reflects higher interest income from funds withheld by cedants.    The decrease in net investment income in the first nine months of 2016
from the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflects lower earnings from partnership investments and equity-method investments included in other invested assets, partially offset by higher interest income from funds withheld by cedants.  
 The decrease in net realized capital gains in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflects lower gains
from the sales of equity securities, partially offset by a one-time $13.2 million realized gain recorded on April 15, 2016 by Alleghany Capital. Realized capital gains from equity securities for the first nine months of 2015 include the sales of
certain equity  
      32  

Table of Contents  

securities resulting from a partial restructuring of the equity portfolio, as well as the sales of certain equity securities which had their cost basis reduced in earlier periods for the
recognition of OTTI losses.    The decreases in OTTI losses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015
periods primarily reflect decreases in losses on equity securities.    A comparison of investment results for the third quarter and first
nine months of 2016 and 2015 is more fully described in the following pages.      Other revenue and expenses.   The following
table summarizes our consolidated other revenue and expenses.      
    Other revenue and Other operating expenses.  Other revenue and other operating expenses primarily
include revenues and expenses associated with Alleghany Capital. Other operating expenses also include the long-term incentive compensation of our reinsurance and insurance segments, which totaled $19.4 million and $16.9 million in the third quarter
of 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $61.5 million and $59.0 million in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily reflecting more favorable results.  
 On April 15, 2016, Alleghany Capital acquired an additional 50 percent of Jazwares  outstanding equity, bringing its equity ownership
interest to 80 percent and, as of that date, the results of Jazwares have been included in our consolidated results. Prior to April 15, 2016, Jazwares was accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
 The increases in other revenue and other operating expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015
periods primarily reflect the acquisition of IPS on October 31, 2015, the inclusion of Jazwares in our consolidated results as of April 15, 2016 and, to lesser extents, growth at Kentucky Trailer and increases in the long-term incentive
compensation at our reinsurance and insurance segments.     Amortization of intangible assets.  Amortization expenses in the third
quarter and first nine months of 2016 reflect the amortization of net intangible assets, including intangible assets related to the acquisition of IPS and Jazwares. Negative amortization expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015
reflect the amortization of intangible liabilities acquired in the merger with TransRe in 2012, partially offset by the amortization of intangible assets.  
  Interest expense.  The decreases in interest expense in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015
periods primarily reflect lower interest expense at our reinsurance segment resulting from the maturity and repayment of senior notes on December 14, 2015. See Note 8 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II,
Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K for further information on the senior notes.  
   Income taxes.   The following table summarizes our consolidated income tax expense.  
   
   The increase in income taxes in the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015 primarily reflects an
increase in earnings before income taxes. The increase in income taxes in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflects prior period income tax expense adjustments and, to a lesser extent, an increase in
earnings before income taxes. The increase in the effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflects prior period  
      33  

Table of Contents  

income tax adjustments and lower tax-exempt interest income arising from municipal bond securities. Prior period income tax expense adjustments for the first nine months of 2016 include
$16.1 million of out-of-period reductions to current and deferred TransRe tax assets recorded in the first nine months of 2016 that relate primarily to periods prior to the merger with TransRe in 2012.  
   Earnings.   The following table summarizes our consolidated earnings.  
   
   The increase in earnings before income taxes and net earnings attributable to Alleghany stockholders in the
third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015 primarily reflects a decrease in OTTI losses and an increase in underwriting profit, all as discussed above. 
 The increase in earnings before income taxes in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflects a decrease
in OTTI losses, partially offset by decreases in net realized capital gains and underwriting profit, all as discussed above. The decrease in net earnings attributable to Alleghany stockholders in the first nine months of 2016 from the first
nine months of 2015 primarily reflects an increase in earnings before income taxes, partially offset by the impact of an increase in the effective tax rate, all as discussed above.  
  Reinsurance Segment Underwriting Results   
 The reinsurance segment is comprised of TransRe s property and casualty   other lines of business. TransRe also writes a modest
amount of property and casualty insurance business, which is included in the reinsurance segment. For a more detailed description of our reinsurance segment, see Part I, Item 1,  Business Segment Information Reinsurance
Segment  of the 2015 Form 10-K.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

  The underwriting results of the reinsurance segment are presented below.  

35  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Primarily consists of the following assumed reinsurance lines of business: directors  and officers  liability; errors and omissions liability; general liability; medical malpractice; ocean marine and aviation;
auto liability; accident and health; surety; and credit.    

(2) 
 Underwriting profit represents net premiums earned less net loss and LAE and commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses, all as determined in accordance with GAAP, and does not include net investment income,
net realized capital gains, OTTI losses, other revenue, other operating expenses, corporate administration, amortization of intangible assets and interest expense. Underwriting profit is a non-GAAP financial measure and does not replace earnings
before income taxes determined in accordance with GAAP as a measure of profitability. See  Comment on Non-GAAP Financial Measures  herein for additional detail on the presentation of our results of operations.    

(3) 
 The loss ratio is derived by dividing the amount of net loss and LAE by net premiums earned, all as determined in accordance with GAAP.    

(4) 
 The expense ratio is derived by dividing the amount of commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses by net premiums earned, all as determined in accordance with GAAP.    

(5) 
 The combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio and the expense ratio, all as determined in accordance with GAAP. The combined ratio represents the percentage of each premium dollar a reinsurance or an insurance company
has to spend on net loss and LAE, and commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses.    
      36  

Table of Contents  

    Reinsurance Segment: Premiums.   The following table summarizes premiums for the
reinsurance segment.      
    Property.  The increases in gross premiums written in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect $93.5 million and $265.3 million of property-related premiums in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, in connection with a large whole account quota share treaty entered
into in the fourth quarter of 2015 and, to a lesser extent, increases arising from certain other large whole account quota share treaties. Excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, gross premiums written increased 54.2 percent in
the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015, and 41.4 percent in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015.  
 The increases in net premiums earned in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect
increases in gross premiums written in recent quarters, partially offset by higher ceded premiums earned due to an increase in retrocessional coverage purchased in 2016. Excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, net premiums earned
increased 51.5 percent in the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015, and 30.1 percent in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015.  
  Casualty       other.  The increases in gross premiums written in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect $105.9 million and $358.9 million of casualty-related premiums in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, in connection with a large whole account quota share treaty
entered into in the fourth quarter of 2015. Excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, gross premiums written increased 17.6 percent in the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015, and 20.6 percent in the first nine
months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015.    The increases in net premiums earned in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect increases in gross premiums written in recent quarters. Excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, net premiums earned increased 18.4 percent in the third quarter of 2016 from the
third quarter of 2015, and 24.0 percent in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

    Reinsurance Segment: Net loss and LAE.   The following table summarizes net loss and
LAE for the reinsurance segment.     
    Property.  The increase in net loss and LAE in the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015
primarily reflects the impact of higher net premiums earned, higher non-catastrophe property losses in the current accident year in connection with a large whole account quota share treaty entered into in the fourth quarter of 2015 and a decrease in
favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves. The catastrophe losses in the third quarter of 2016 relate primarily to typhoons and floods in China. The catastrophe losses in the third quarter of 2015 relate entirely to the
chemical explosion in Tianjin, China in August 2015.    The increase in net loss and LAE in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine
months of 2015 primarily reflects the impact of higher net premiums earned, higher catastrophe losses, as well as higher non-catastrophe property losses in the current accident year in connection with a large whole account quota share treaty entered
into in the fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by an increase in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The catastrophe losses in the first nine months of 2016 relate to wildfire losses in Alberta,
Canada, earthquake losses in Japan, earthquake losses in Ecuador, all of which occurred in the second quarter of 2016, and catastrophe losses in the third quarter of 2016 that relate primarily to typhoons and floods in China. The catastrophe losses
in the first nine months of 2015 relate entirely to the chemical explosion in Tianjin, China in August 2015.    Net loss and LAE in the third
quarter and first nine months of 2016 and 2015 include (favorable) unfavorable prior accident year development on loss reserves as shown in the table below.      

(1) 
 Reflects favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves from several catastrophes that occurred in the 2010 through 2015 accident years.    

(2) 
 Includes favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves of $12.7 million from Super Storm Sandy in 2012, partially offset by $0.9 million of net unfavorable prior accident year development from other
catastrophes.    

(4) 
 Reflects favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves primarily related to the 2014 and 2015 accident years.   
 
 The favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 and 2015 reflects favorable
loss emergence compared with loss emergence patterns assumed in earlier periods. The favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 did not impact assumptions used in estimating
TransRe s loss and LAE liabilities for business earned in the first nine months of 2016.     Casualty      
other.  The increases in net loss and LAE in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the impact of higher net premiums earned and higher losses in the current accident year in
connection with a large whole account quota share treaty entered into in the fourth quarter of 2015, partially offset by the impact of increases in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves and, to a lesser extent, lower catastrophe
losses. The modest catastrophe losses in the first nine months of 2016 relate primarily to earthquake losses in Ecuador in the second quarter of 2016. The catastrophe losses in the first nine months of 2015 relate entirely to the chemical explosion
in Tianjin, China in August 2015.    Net loss and LAE in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 and 2015 include (favorable)
unfavorable prior accident year development on loss reserves as shown in the table below.      

(1) 
 Represents certain medical malpractice treaties pursuant to which the increased underwriting profits created by the favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves are largely retained by the cedants. As a
result, the favorable prior accident year development is largely offset by an increase in profit commission expense incurred when such favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves occurs.    

(3) 
 Generally reflects favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in a variety of casualty   other lines of business primarily from the 2006 and 2009 through 2014 accident years, partially offset by
unfavorable prior accident year development from the 2003 and prior accident years.     The favorable prior accident year
development on loss reserves in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 and 2015 reflects favorable loss emergence compared with loss emergence patterns assumed in earlier periods. The favorable prior accident year development on loss
reserves in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 did not impact assumptions used in estimating TransRe s loss and LAE liabilities for business earned in the first nine months of 2016.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

    Reinsurance Segment: Commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses.   The
following table summarizes commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses for the reinsurance segment.      
    Property.  The increases in commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses in the third quarter
and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the impact of higher net premiums earned, partially offset by slight decreases in employee-related overhead expenses.  
  Casualty       other.  The increases in commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses in the third quarter and
first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the impact of higher net premiums earned, partially offset by slight decreases in employee-related overhead expenses.  
   Reinsurance Segment: Underwriting profit.   The following table summarizes underwriting profit for the reinsurance segment.  
   
    Property.  The decrease in underwriting profit in the first nine months of 2016 from first nine months
of 2015 primarily reflects an increase in catastrophe losses, partially offset by an increase in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves, all as discussed above.  
  Casualty       other.  The increases in underwriting profit in third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from
the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflects increases in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves, as discussed above.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

   Insurance Segment Underwriting Results   
 The insurance segment is comprised of AIHL s RSUI, CapSpecialty and PacificComp operating subsidiaries. RSUI also writes a modest amount
of assumed reinsurance business, which is included in the insurance segment. For a more detailed description of our insurance segment, see Part I, Item 1,  Business Segment Information Insurance Segment  of the 2015 Form
10-K.    The underwriting results of the insurance segment are presented below.  

41  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Underwriting profit represents net premiums earned less net loss and LAE and commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses, all as determined in accordance with GAAP, and does not include net investment income,
net realized capital gains, OTTI losses, other revenue, other operating expenses, corporate administration, amortization of intangible assets and interest expense. Underwriting profit is a non-GAAP financial measure and does not replace earnings
before income taxes determined in accordance with GAAP as a measure of profitability. See  Comment on Non-GAAP Financial Measures  herein for additional detail on the presentation of our results of operations.    

(2) 
 The loss ratio is derived by dividing the amount of net loss and LAE by net premiums earned, all as determined in accordance with GAAP.    

(3) 
 The expense ratio is derived by dividing the amount of commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses by net premiums earned, all as determined in accordance with GAAP.    

(4) 
 The combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio and the expense ratio, all as determined in accordance with GAAP. The combined ratio represents the percentage of each premium dollar a reinsurance or an insurance company
has to spend on net loss and LAE, and commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses.    
      42  

Table of Contents  

    Insurance Segment: Premiums.   The following table summarizes premiums for the
insurance segment.      
    RSUI.  The decreases in gross premiums written in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect declines in the property line of business and, to a lesser extent, declines in RSUI s other lines of business, all due to an increase in competition and a reduction in pricing.  
 The decreases in net premiums earned in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods reflect decreases
in gross premiums written in recent quarters, partially offset by a decrease in ceded premiums earned due to the reduction in property premiums ceded.  
  CapSpecialty.  The increases in gross premiums written in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015
periods primarily reflect strong growth in the professional, environmental and construction lines of business and, to a lesser extent, an increase in the surety lines of business in the first nine months of 2016.  
 The increases in net premiums earned in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect
increases in gross premiums written in recent quarters.     PacificComp.  The increases in gross premiums written and net premiums
earned in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect premium growth due to PacificComp s distribution initiatives and growth in desirable segments of the California workers 
compensation market.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

    Insurance Segment: Net loss and LAE.   The following table summarizes net loss and
LAE for the insurance segment.      
 
      44  

Table of Contents  

   RSUI.  The decreases in net loss and LAE in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect increases in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves and the impact of lower net premiums earned, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses.  
 Catastrophe losses in the third quarter of 2016 primarily reflect losses from flooding and severe weather primarily in the State of Louisiana
and the Midwestern U.S. Catastrophe losses in the first nine months of 2016 also reflect losses from flooding and severe weather primarily in the State of Texas in April and May and, to a lesser extent, losses from wildfires in Alberta, Canada in
May. Catastrophe losses for the third quarter and first nine months of 2015 primarily reflect the impact of several occurrences of severe weather in the Southeastern and Midwestern U.S.  
 Net loss and LAE in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 and 2015 include (favorable) unfavorable prior accident year development on
loss reserves as shown in the table below.      

(1) 
 Primarily reflects favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the umbrella/excess, general liability and professional liability lines of business related to the 2006 through 2012 accident years.

(2) 
 Primarily reflects unfavorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the directors  and officers  liability line of business related to the 2011 through 2014 accident years, partially offset by
favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the umbrella/excess, general liability and professional liability lines of business related to the 2006 through 2011 accident years.    

(3) 
 Primarily reflects favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the umbrella/excess, general liability and professional liability lines of business related to the 2006 through 2011 accident years,
partially offset by unfavorable prior accident year development in the directors  and officers  liability line of business related to the 2011 through 2014 accident years.    

(4) 
 Primarily reflects favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the non-catastrophe property lines of business in recent accident years.    

(5) 
 Primarily reflects favorable prior accident year development of $4.1 million from Super Storm Sandy in 2012, net of reinsurance, and favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves related to unallocated LAE
reserves.      The favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016
and 2015 reflects favorable loss emergence compared with loss emergence patterns assumed in earlier periods. The favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 did not impact assumptions
used in estimating RSUI s loss and LAE liabilities for business earned in the first nine months of 2016.     CapSpecialty.  The
increase in net loss and LAE in the third quarter of 2016 from the third quarter of 2015 primarily reflects the impact of higher net premiums earned. The increase in net loss and LAE in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of
2015 primarily reflects the impact of higher net premiums earned, partially offset by favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the first nine months of 2016 compared with unfavorable prior accident year development on loss
reserves in the first nine months of 2015.    Net loss and LAE in the third quarter of 2016 includes favorable prior accident year
development on loss reserves primarily in the surety lines of business principally related to the 2015 accident year. The favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the third quarter of 2016 reflects net favorable loss emergence
compared with loss emergence patterns assumed in earlier periods. Net loss and LAE in the third quarter of 2015 includes favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves primarily in certain specialty classes of business written through a
program administrator in connection with a terminated program, or the  Terminated Program,  related to the 2009 and 2010 accident years and, to a lesser extent, the surety lines of business, partially offset by unfavorable prior accident
year development in the casualty lines of business primarily related to the 2012 through 2014 accident years.    Net loss and LAE in the
first nine months of 2016 includes favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves primarily related to CapSpecialty s legacy asbestos-related illness and environmental impairment liabilities and the surety lines of business. The
favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the first nine months of 2016 reflects net favorable loss emergence compared with loss emergence patterns assumed in earlier periods. Net loss and LAE in the first nine months of 2015
includes unfavorable prior accident year development on loss reserves primarily in the casualty lines of business related to the 2012 through 2014 accident years, partially offset by favorable prior accident year development related to the
Terminated Program from the 2009 and 2010 accident years and, to a lesser extent, the surety lines of business.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

   PacificComp.  The increases in net loss and LAE in the third quarter and first nine months
of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the impact of higher net premiums earned.      Insurance Segment:
Commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses.   The following table summarizes commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses for the insurance segment.  
   
    RSUI.  The decreases in commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses in the third quarter and
first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the impact of lower net premiums earned.  
  CapSpecialty.  The increases in commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of
2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the impact of higher net premiums earned.     PacificComp.  The increases in
commissions, brokerage and other underwriting expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the impact of higher net premiums earned, partially offset by the deferral of certain
acquisition costs for new business commencing in 2016.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

    Insurance Segment: Underwriting profit.   The following table summarizes our
underwriting profit for the insurance segment.      
    RSUI.  The decreases in underwriting profit in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from
the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect higher catastrophe losses and the impact of lower net premiums earned, partially offset by increases in favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves, all as discussed above.  
  CapSpecialty.  The underwriting profit in the third quarter of 2016 compared with an underwriting loss in the third quarter of 2015
primarily reflects the impact of higher net premiums earned, as discussed above. The underwriting profit in the first nine months of 2016 compared with an underwriting loss in the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflects favorable prior accident
year development on loss reserves in the first nine months of 2016, compared with unfavorable prior accident year development on loss reserves in the first nine months of 2015, and the impact of higher net premiums earned, all as discussed above.
    PacificComp.  PacificComp reported underwriting losses in the third quarter and first nine months of both 2016 and 2015, primarily
as a result of its ongoing expenses relative to comparatively low premiums earned. The decreases in underwriting losses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the beneficial impact of
growing net premiums earned, as discussed above.     Total Reinsurance and Insurance Segments  Investment Results   
 The following table summarizes the investment results for our reinsurance and insurance segments.  
   
     Net Investment Income.   The increase in net investment income in the third quarter of 2016 from
the third quarter of 2015 primarily reflects higher interest income from funds withheld by cedants.    The decrease in net investment income
in the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflects lower earnings from partnership investments and equity-method investments included in other invested assets, partially offset by higher interest income from funds
withheld by cedants.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

    Net Realized Capital Gains.   The decrease in net realized capital gains in the first
nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflects lower gains from the sales of equity securities. Realized capital gains from equity securities for the first nine months of 2015 include the sales of certain equity securities
resulting from a partial restructuring of the equity portfolio, as well as the sales of certain equity securities which had their cost basis reduced in earlier periods for the recognition of OTTI losses.  
   Other Than Temporary Impairment Losses.    
 OTTI losses in the first nine months of 2016 reflect $38.2 million of unrealized losses that were deemed to be other than temporary and, as
such, were required to be charged against earnings. Upon the ultimate disposition of the securities for which OTTI losses have been recorded, a portion of the loss may be recoverable depending on market conditions at the time of disposition. Of the
$38.2 million of OTTI losses, $16.6 million related to equity securities, primarily in the retail, financial services, technology and chemical sectors, and $21.6 million related to debt securities, primarily in the energy sector. The
determination that unrealized losses on equity and debt securities were other than temporary was primarily due to the severity and duration of the decline in the fair value of equity and debt securities relative to their costs. Of the $38.2 million
of OTTI losses, $11.7 million was incurred in the third quarter of 2016.    OTTI losses in the first nine months of 2015 reflect $103.9
million of unrealized losses that were deemed to be other than temporary and, as such, were required to be charged against earnings. Of the $103.9 million of OTTI losses, $98.9 million related to equity securities, primarily in the airline, energy,
gaming, pharmaceuticals and mining sectors, and $5.0 million related to debt securities, primarily in the energy and finance sectors. The determination that unrealized losses on equity and debt securities were other than temporary was primarily
based on the fact that we lacked the intent to hold the securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery and, to a lesser extent, the duration of the decline in the fair value of equity securities relative to their
costs. Of the $103.9 million of OTTI losses, $44.3 million was incurred in the third quarter of 2015.    After adjusting the cost basis of
securities for the recognition of OTTI losses, the remaining gross unrealized investment losses for debt and equity securities as of September 30, 2016 were deemed to be temporary, based on, among other factors: (i) the duration of time and the
relative magnitude to which the fair values of these securities had been below cost were not indicative of an OTTI loss; (ii) the absence of compelling evidence that would cause us to call into question the financial condition or near-term
business prospects of the issuers of the securities; and (iii) our ability and intent to hold the securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery.  
 See Note 3 to Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part I, Item 1,  Financial Statements  of this  Form 10-Q  for additional detail on gross unrealized investment losses for debt and equity securities as of September 30, 2016.  
  Alleghany Capital Results     Alleghany
Capital consists of: (i) manufacturing and service operations conducted through Bourn   Koch, Kentucky Trailer, IPS and Jazwares; (ii) oil and gas operations, conducted through SORC and including Alleghany Capital s investment in
ORX Exploration, Inc. ( ORX  and (iii) corporate operations and investments at the Alleghany Capital level. On April 15, 2016, Alleghany Capital acquired an additional 50 percent of Jazwares  outstanding equity, bringing its
equity ownership interest to 80 percent and, as of that date, the results of Jazwares have been included in our consolidated results. Prior to April 15, 2016, Jazwares was accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
 In the second quarter of 2016, Alleghany Capital s equity interest in ORX was reduced from approximately 40 percent to approximately 15
percent pursuant to an ORX recapitalization. ORX continues to be accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  
      48  

Table of Contents  

  The results of Alleghany Capital for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
are presented below.      

(1) 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a  non-GAAP financial measure  for our non-insurance operating subsidiaries and investments held by Alleghany Capital. Adjusted EBITDA represents other revenue less certain other expenses,
and does not include: (i) depreciation expense; (ii) amortization of intangible assets; (iii) interest expense; (iv) net realized capital gains; (v) OTTI impairment; and (vi) income taxes. See  Comment on Non-GAAP
Financial Measures  herein for additional detail on the presentation of our results of operations.    
      49  

Table of Contents  

  The changes in Alleghany Capital s equity for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 are summarized as follows:      

(1) 
 Income taxes for certain Alleghany Capital subsidiaries are incurred at the Alleghany Capital corporate level.    
 
   Net investment income.   The decreases in net investment income in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the
corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect a cessation of equity method income from Jazwares upon our acquisition of a majority interest on April 15, 2016, partially offset by the absence of losses from ORX in the first nine months of 2016.  
   Net realized capital gains.   Net realized capital gains in the first nine months of 2016 primarily reflect a gain of $13.2
million recognized by Alleghany Capital on April 15, 2016 in connection with its acquisition of an additional 50 percent equity ownership in Jazwares, when its pre-existing 30 percent equity ownership was remeasured at estimated fair value, or the
 Jazwares Remeasurement Gain.       Other revenue and Other operating expenses.   The increases in other revenue and
other operating expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the acquisition of IPS on October 31, 2015, the inclusion of Jazwares in our consolidated results as of April 15,
2016 and, to a lesser extent, growth at Kentucky Trailer.      Amortization of intangible assets.   The increases in amortization
of intangible assets in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect the amortization of intangible assets from the acquisition of IPS and Jazwares.  
   Earnings (losses) before income taxes.   Earnings before income taxes in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 compared
with losses before income taxes in the third quarter and first nine months of 2015 primarily reflect the acquisitions of IPS and Jazwares, and growth at Kentucky Trailer, as discussed above. In addition, the first nine months of 2016 includes the
$13.2 million Jazwares Remeasurement Gain, as discussed above.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

   Corporate Activities Results   
 The primary components of corporate activities are Alleghany Properties and activities at the Alleghany parent company. The following table
summarizes the results for corporate activities.      
     Net investment income.   The increases in net investment income in the third quarter and
first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect higher dividend income and income from other invested assets.  
   Net realized capital gains.   Net realized capital losses in the first nine months of 2016 primarily reflect the sale at a loss of
equity securities in the health care sector. Net realized capital losses in the first nine months of 2015 primarily reflect the sale at a loss of equity securities in the energy sector.  
   Other than temporary impairment losses  . OTTI losses in the third quarter and nine months ended September 30, 2015 reflect $8.4
million of unrealized losses related to equity securities held at the Alleghany parent company that were deemed to be other than temporary and, as such, were required to be charged against earnings.  
   Other revenue.   The increases in other revenue in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015
periods primarily reflect a gain on the sale of a retail shopping center by Alleghany Properties in July 2016.      Losses before income
taxes.   The decreases in losses before income taxes in the third quarter and first nine months of 2016 from the corresponding 2015 periods primarily reflect increases in other revenues and the OTTI losses that were incurred in the third
quarter and first nine months of 2015, all as explained above.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

   Reserve Review Process   
 Our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries analyze, at least quarterly, liabilities for unpaid loss and LAE established in prior years and
adjust their expected ultimate cost, where necessary, to reflect favorable or unfavorable development in loss experience and new information, including, for certain catastrophe events, revised industry estimates of the magnitude of a catastrophe.
Adjustments to previously recorded liabilities for unpaid loss and LAE, both favorable and unfavorable, are reflected in our financial results in the periods in which these adjustments are made and are referred to as prior accident year loss reserve
development. The following table presents the reserves established in connection with the loss and LAE of our reinsurance and insurance segments on a gross and net basis by line of business. These reserve amounts represent the accumulation of
estimates of ultimate loss (including for incurred but not reported) and LAE.      

(1) 
 Primarily consists of the following reinsurance lines of business: directors  and officers  liability; errors and omissions liability; general liability; medical malpractice; ocean marine and aviation; auto
liability; accident and health; surety; asbestos-related illness and environmental impairment liability; and credit.    

(2) 
 Primarily consists of the following direct lines of business: umbrella/excess; directors  and officers  liability; professional liability; and general liability.    

(3) 
 Primarily consists of commercial multi-peril and surety lines of business, as well as loss and LAE reserves for terminated lines of business and loss reserves acquired in connection with prior acquisitions for which the
sellers provided loss reserve guarantees.        Changes in Gross and Net Loss and LAE Reserves between September 30, 2016
and December         31, 2015  . Gross and net loss and LAE reserves as of September 30, 2016 increased from December 31, 2015, primarily reflecting an increase in our reinsurance segment loss and LAE reserves. The
increase in gross and net loss and LAE reserves at our reinsurance segment primarily reflects the impact of higher net premiums earned and catastrophe losses, partially offset by favorable prior accident year development on loss reserves, as
discussed above.     Reinsurance Recoverables   
 Our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries reinsure portions of the risks they underwrite in order to reduce the effect of individual or
aggregate exposure to losses, manage capacity, protect capital resources, reduce volatility in specific lines of business, improve risk-adjusted portfolio returns and enable them to increase gross premium writings and risk capacity without requiring
additional capital. Our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries purchase reinsurance and retrocessional coverages from highly-rated third-party reinsurers. If the assuming reinsurers are unable or unwilling to meet the obligations assumed under the
applicable reinsurance agreements, our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries would remain liable for such reinsurance portion not paid by these reinsurers. As such, funds, trust agreements and letters of credit are held to collateralize a portion
of our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries  reinsurance recoverables, and our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries reinsure portions of the risks they underwrite or assume with multiple reinsurance programs.  
 As of September 30, 2016, our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries had total reinsurance recoverables of $1,208.3 million, consisting of
$1,157.8 million of ceded outstanding loss and LAE and $50.5 million of recoverables on paid losses. See Part I, Item 1,  Business   Reinsurance Protection  of the 2015 Form 10-K for additional information on the reinsurance
purchased by our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries.  
      52  

Table of Contents  

  Information regarding concentration of our reinsurance recoverables and the ratings profile of
our reinsurers as of September 30, 2016 is as follows:      

(1) 
 Reinsurance recoverables reflect amounts due from one or more reinsurance subsidiaries of the listed company.    

(2) 
 Represents the A.M. Best Company, Inc., or  A.M. Best,  financial strength rating for the applicable reinsurance subsidiary or subsidiaries from which the reinsurance recoverable is due.

(3) 
 Approximately 94 percent of our reinsurance recoverables balance as of September 30, 2016 was due from reinsurers having an A.M. Best financial strength rating of A (Excellent) or higher.    

(4) 
 Represents reinsurance recoverables secured by funds held, trust agreements and letters of credit.    
 We had no allowance for uncollectible reinsurance as of September 30, 2016.  
  Critical Accounting Estimates     The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that directly affect our reported financial condition and operating performance. More specifically, these estimates
and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. We rely on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances to make judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ materially from reported results to the extent that estimates and assumptions prove to be inaccurate.    We believe
our most critical accounting estimates are those with respect to the liability for unpaid loss and LAE reserves, fair value measurements of certain financial assets, OTTI losses on investments, goodwill and other intangible assets and reinsurance
premium revenues, as they require management s most significant exercise of judgment on both a quantitative and qualitative basis. The accounting estimates that result require the use of assumptions about certain matters that are highly
uncertain at the time of estimation. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be affected, possibly materially.  
 See Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical
Accounting Estimates  of the 2015 Form 10-K for a more complete description of our critical accounting estimates.     Financial Condition   
   Parent Level    
  General.  In general, we follow a policy of maintaining a relatively liquid financial condition at our unrestricted holding
companies. This policy has permitted us to expand our operations through internal growth at our subsidiaries and through acquisitions of, or substantial investments in, operating companies. As of September 30, 2016, we held total marketable
securities and cash of $948.7 million, compared with $821.3 million as of December 31, 2015. The increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily reflects the receipt of dividends from TransRe and RSUI, partially offset by
repurchases of shares of our common stock, capital contributions to Alleghany Capital for the additional investment in Jazwares, and our investment in certain private equity investments. The $948.7 million is comprised of $395.3 million at the
Alleghany parent company, $461.1 million at AIHL and $92.3 million at the TransRe holding company. We also hold certain non-marketable investments at our unrestricted holding companies.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

We believe that we have and will have adequate internally generated funds, cash resources and unused credit facilities to provide for the currently foreseeable needs of our business, and we had
no material commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016.    Stockholders  equity attributable to Alleghany
stockholders was approximately $8.1 billion as of September 30, 2016, compared with approximately $7.6 billion as of December 31, 2015. The increase in stockholders  equity in the first nine months of 2016 primarily reflects net earnings
and an increase in unrealized appreciation on our debt securities portfolio, partially offset by repurchases of our common stock. The increase in unrealized appreciation on our debt securities portfolio is due to a decrease in longer-term interest
rates that occurred in the first nine months of 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we had 15,434,629 shares of our common stock outstanding, compared with 15,544,077 shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2015.  
  Debt.  On September 9, 2014, we completed a public offering of $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.90% senior notes
due on September 15, 2044. On June 26, 2012, we completed a public offering of $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.95% senior notes due on June 27, 2022. On September 20, 2010, we completed a public offering of
$300.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.625% senior notes due on September 15, 2020.    On October 15, 2014, TransRe
redeemed $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.75% senior notes due on December 14, 2015, or the  2015 Senior Notes.  On December 14, 2015, the remaining $367.0 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of
TransRe s 2015 Senior Notes matured and was repaid. See Note 8 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K for additional
information on the senior notes.     Credit Agreement.  On October 15, 2013, we entered into a four-year credit agreement, or the
 Credit Agreement,  which provides for an unsecured credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $200.0 million. There were no borrowings under the Credit Agreement in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and there were no
outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement as of September 30, 2016. See Note 7 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K for
additional information on the Credit Agreement.    Common Stock Repurchases.  In July 2014, our Board of Directors authorized the
repurchase of shares of common stock at such times and at prices as management determines to be advisable, up to an aggregate of $350.0 million, or the  2014 Repurchase Program.  In November 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the
repurchase, upon the completion of the 2014 Repurchase Program, of additional shares of common stock, at such times and at prices as management determines to be advisable, up to an aggregate of $400.0 million, or the  2015 Repurchase
Program.  In the first quarter of 2016, we completed the 2014 Repurchase Program and subsequent repurchases have been made pursuant to the 2015 Repurchase Program.  
 Pursuant to the 2014 Repurchase Program and the 2015 Repurchase Program, as applicable, we repurchased shares of our common stock in the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as follows:      
    Investments in Certain Other Invested Assets.  In December 2012, TransRe obtained an ownership interest
in Pillar Capital Holdings Limited, or  Pillar Holdings,  a Bermuda-based insurance asset manager focused on collateralized reinsurance and catastrophe insurance-linked securities. Additionally, TransRe invested $175.0 million and AIHL
invested $25.0 million in limited partnership funds managed by Pillar Holdings, or the  Funds.  The objective of the Funds is to create portfolios with attractive risk-reward characteristics and low correlation with other asset classes,
using the extensive reinsurance and capital market experience of the principals of Pillar Holdings. We have concluded that both Pillar Holdings and the Funds, which we collectively refer to as the  Pillar Investments,  represent variable
interest entities and that we are not the primary beneficiary, as we do not have the ability to direct the activities that most significantly impact each entity s economic performance. Therefore, the Pillar Investments are not consolidated and
are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Our potential maximum loss in the Pillar Investments is limited to our cumulative net investment. As of September 30, 2016, our carrying value in the Pillar Investments, as determined under
the equity method of accounting, was $230.8 million, which is net of returns of capital received from the Pillar Investments.    In July
2013, AIHL invested $250.0 million in Ares Management LLC, or  Ares,  an asset manager, in exchange for a 6.25 percent equity stake in Ares, with an agreement to engage Ares to manage up to $1.0 billion in certain investment
strategies. In May 2014, Ares completed an initial public offering of its common units. Upon completion of the initial public offering, Alleghany s equity investment in Ares converted to limited partner interests in certain Ares subsidiaries
that are convertible into an aggregate 5.9 percent interest in Ares common units. These interests may be converted at any time, at our discretion. Until we determine to convert  
      54  

Table of Contents  

our limited partner interests into Ares common units, we classify our investment in Ares as a component of other invested assets, and we account for our investment using the equity method of
accounting. As of September 30, 2016, AIHL s carrying value in Ares was $220.7 million, which is net of returns of capital received from Ares.  
  Investments in Commercial Mortgage Loans.  As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of our commercial loan portfolio was $514.9
million, representing the unpaid principal balance on the loans. As of September 30, 2016, there was no allowance for loan losses. The commercial loan portfolio consists primarily of first mortgages on commercial properties in major metropolitan
areas in the U.S. The loans earn interest at fixed- and floating-rates, mature in two to ten years and the principal amount of the loans were no more than approximately two-thirds of each property s appraised value at the time the loan was
made.     Energy Holdings.  As of September 30, 2016, we had holdings in energy sector businesses of $773.9 million, comprised of
$274.2 million of debt securities, $282.0 million of equity securities and $217.7 million of our equity attributable to SORC.  
   Subsidiaries    
 Financial strength is also a high priority of our subsidiaries, whose assets stand behind their financial commitments to their customers and
vendors. We believe that our subsidiaries have and will have adequate internally generated funds, cash resources and unused credit facilities to provide for the currently foreseeable needs of their businesses. Our subsidiaries had no material
commitments for capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016.    The obligations and cash outflow of our reinsurance and insurance
subsidiaries include claim settlements, commission expenses, administrative expenses, purchases of investments, and interest and principal payments on TransRe s 8.00% senior notes due on November 30, 2039. In addition to premium
collections, cash inflow is obtained from interest and dividend income and maturities and sales of investments. Because cash inflow from premiums is received in advance of cash outflow required to settle claims, our reinsurance and insurance
operating units accumulate funds which they invest pending the need for liquidity. As the cash needs of a reinsurance or an insurance company can be unpredictable due to the uncertainty of the claims settlement process, the portfolios of our
reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries consist primarily of debt securities and short-term investments to ensure the availability of funds and maintain a sufficient amount of liquid securities.  
 On August 19, 2016, A.M. Best upgraded TransRe s primary operating companies  financial strength ratings to A+ (Superior) from A
(Excellent) and upgraded TransRe s issuer credit rating to  a-  from  bbb+.     With respect to our non-insurance
operating subsidiaries, SORC has relied on Alleghany almost entirely to support its operations. From its formation in 2011 through September 30, 2016, we have invested $269.2 million in SORC, of which $125.2 million was invested in SORC s
acquisition of certain legacy oil fields for the sole purpose of applying enhanced oil recovery techniques. After completing construction of its underground facility in 2014, SORC commenced its drilling program in 2015. The drilling program,
however, was delayed by third-party equipment problems that have since been corrected as well as a longer than expected trial-and-error process determining the optimum well completion technique for the reservoir, and to address a lack of vertical
permeability in the reservoir formation. We have engaged a third party petroleum engineering firm to provide us with an assessment of our oil-recovery prospects, which will be considered by us in our asset impairment assessments as of year-end
2016.    Included in other activities is debt associated with Alleghany Capital s operating subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2016, this
includes $41.5 million of debt at Kentucky Trailer related primarily to a mortgage loan, borrowings to finance small acquisitions and borrowings under its available credit facility, $33.0 million of borrowings by Jazwares under its available credit
facility and $4.5 million of borrowings by IPS under its available credit facility. None of these liabilities are guaranteed by Alleghany or Alleghany Capital, and they are classified as a component of other liabilities on Alleghany s
consolidated balance sheets.  
      55  

Table of Contents  

    Consolidated Investment Holdings    
  Investment Strategy and Holdings.  Our investment strategy seeks to preserve principal and maintain liquidity while trying to maximize
our risk-adjusted, after-tax rate of return. Our investment decisions are guided mainly by the nature and timing of expected liability payouts, management s forecast of cash flows and the possibility of unexpected cash demands, for example, to
satisfy claims due to catastrophe losses. Our consolidated investment portfolio currently consists mainly of highly rated and liquid debt and equity securities listed on national securities exchanges. The overall credit quality of the debt
securities portfolio is measured using the lowest rating of Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, Moody s Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch Ratings, Inc. In this regard, the overall weighted-average credit quality rating of our debt
securities portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was AA-. Although many of our debt securities, which consist predominantly of municipal bonds, are insured by third-party financial guaranty insurance companies, the impact of
such insurance was not significant to the debt securities credit quality rating as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the ratings of our debt securities portfolio were as follows:  

(1) 
 Consists of $291.6 million of securities rated BB / Ba, $178.0 million of securities rated B, $49.6 million of securities rated CCC, $0.9 million of securities rated CC, $3.9 million of securities rated below CC and
$78.8 million of not-rated securities.      Our debt securities portfolio has been designed to enable management to react to
investment opportunities created by changing interest rates, prepayments, tax and credit considerations or other factors, or to circumstances that could result in a mismatch between the desired duration of debt securities and the duration of
liabilities and, as such, is classified as available-for-sale, or  AFS.     Effective duration measures a portfolio s
sensitivity to changes in interest rates. In this regard, as of September 30, 2016, our debt securities portfolio had an effective duration of approximately 4.6 years compared with 4.6 years as of December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016,
approximately $3.5 billion, or 25.6 percent, of our debt securities portfolio represented securities with maturities of five years or less. See Note 3(b) to Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part I, Item 1,
 Financial Statements  of this Form 10-Q for additional detail on the contractual maturities of our consolidated debt securities portfolio. We may increase the proportion of our debt securities portfolio held in securities with maturities
of more than five years should the yields of these securities provide, in our judgment, sufficient compensation for their increased risk. We do not believe that this strategy would reduce our ability to meet ongoing claim payments or to respond to
significant catastrophe losses.    In the event paid losses accelerate beyond the ability of our reinsurance and insurance subsidiaries to
fund these paid losses from current cash balances, current operating cash flow, dividend and interest receipts and security maturities, we would need to liquidate a portion of our investment portfolio, make capital contributions to our reinsurance
and insurance subsidiaries, and/or arrange for financing. Strains on liquidity could result from: (i) the occurrence of several significant catastrophe events in a relatively short period of time; (ii) the sale of investments into a
depressed marketplace to fund these paid losses; (iii) the uncollectibility of reinsurance recoverables on these paid losses; (iv) the significant decrease in the value of collateral supporting reinsurance recoverables; or (v) a
significant reduction in our net premium collections.    We may, from time to time, make significant investments in the common stock of a
public company, subject to limitations imposed by applicable regulations.    On a consolidated basis, our invested assets increased to
approximately $18.5 billion as of September 30, 2016 from approximately $17.8 billion as of December 31, 2015, primarily reflecting cash flows from operating activities and the impact of an increase in unrealized appreciation on our debt
securities portfolio, partially offset by our acquisition of Jazwares and the impact of  
      56  

Table of Contents  

repurchases of our common stock. The increase in unrealized appreciation on our debt securities portfolio is due to a decrease in longer-term interest rates that occurred in the first nine months
of 2016.     Fair Value.  The carrying values and estimated fair values of our consolidated financial instruments as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:      

(1) 
 This table includes AFS investments (debt and equity securities, as well as partnership and non-marketable equity investments carried at fair value that are included in other invested assets). This table excludes
investments accounted for using the equity method and commercial mortgage loans that are carried at unpaid principal balance. The fair value of short-term investments approximates amortized cost. The fair value of all other categories of investments
is discussed below.    

(2) 
 See Note 8 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K for additional information on the senior notes.
     Fair value is defined as the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between willing, able and knowledgeable market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements are not adjusted for transaction costs. In addition, a three-tiered hierarchy for inputs is used in management s
determination of fair value of financial instruments that emphasizes the use of observable inputs over the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are market participant
assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs are the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions based on the best information available under the
circumstances. In assessing the appropriateness of using observable inputs in making our fair value determinations, we consider whether the market for a particular security is  active  or not based on all the relevant facts and
circumstances. A market may be considered to be inactive if there are relatively few recent transactions or if there is a significant decrease in market volume. Furthermore, we consider whether observable transactions are  orderly  or not.
We do not consider a transaction to be orderly if there is evidence of a forced liquidation or other distressed condition and, as such, little or no weight is given to that transaction as an indicator of fair value.  
 Although we are responsible for the determination of the fair value of our financial assets and the supporting methodologies and assumptions,
we employ third-party valuation service providers to gather, analyze and interpret market information and derive fair values based upon relevant methodologies and assumptions for individual instruments. When those providers are unable to obtain
sufficient market observable information upon which to estimate the fair value for a particular security, fair value is determined either by requesting a quote, which is generally non-binding, from brokers who are knowledgeable about these
securities or by employing widely accepted internal valuation models.    Valuation service providers typically obtain data about market
transactions and other key valuation model inputs from multiple sources and, through the use of widely accepted internal valuation models, provide a single fair value measurement for individual securities for which a fair value has been requested
under the terms of service agreements. The inputs used by the valuation service providers include, but are not limited to, market prices from recently completed transactions and transactions of comparable securities, interest rate yield curves,
credit spreads, currency rates and other market observable information, as applicable. The valuation models take into account, among other things, market observable information as of the measurement date as well as the specific attributes of the
security being valued including its term, interest rate, credit rating, industry sector and, when applicable, collateral quality and other issue or issuer specific information. When market transactions or other market observable data is limited, the
extent to which judgment is applied in determining fair value is greatly increased.    The three-tiered hierarchy used in management s
determination of fair value is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows:      

Level 1: Valuations are based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that we have the ability to access for identical, unrestricted assets and do not involve any meaningful degree of judgment. An active market is
defined as a market where transactions for the financial instrument occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Our Level 1 assets include publicly traded common stocks and mutual funds (which are
included on the balance sheet in equity securities) where our valuations are based on quoted market prices.    
      57  

Table of Contents  

Level 2: Valuations are based on direct and indirect observable inputs other than quoted market prices included in Level 1. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets in active markets and inputs other
than quoted prices that are observable for the asset, such as the terms of the security and market-based inputs. Terms of the security include coupon, maturity date and any special provisions that may, for example, enable the investor, at its
election, to redeem the security prior to its scheduled maturity date (such provisions may apply to all debt securities except U.S. Government obligations). Market-based inputs include interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly
quoted intervals and current credit rating(s) of the security. Market-based inputs may also include credit spreads of all debt securities except U.S. Government obligations, and currency rates for certain foreign government obligations and foreign
corporate bonds denominated in foreign currencies. Fair values are determined using a market approach that relies on the securities  relationships to quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, as well as the other inputs described
above. In determining the fair values for the vast majority of CMBS and other asset-backed securities, as well as a small portion of RMBS, an income approach is used to corroborate and further support the fair values determined by the market
approach. The income approach primarily involves developing a discounted cash flow model using the future projected cash flows of the underlying collateral, and the terms of the security. Level 2 assets generally include short-term investments and
most debt securities. Our Level 2 liabilities consist of the Senior Notes.        

Level 3: Valuations are based on techniques that use significant inputs that are unobservable. The valuation of Level 3 assets requires the greatest degree of judgment. These measurements may be made under
circumstances in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment. In making the assessment, we consider factors
specific to the asset. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is classified is
determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Assets classified as Level 3 principally include certain RMBS, CMBS, other asset-backed securities (primarily, collateralized loan
obligations), U.S. corporate bonds, partnership investments and non-marketable equity investments.      Mortgage-backed and
asset-backed securities are initially valued at the transaction price. Subsequently, we use widely accepted valuation practices that produce a fair value measurement. The vast majority of fair values are determined using an income approach. The
income approach primarily involves developing a discounted cash flow model using the future projected cash flows of the underlying collateral, as well as other inputs described below. A few Level 3 valuations are based entirely on non-binding broker
quotes. These securities consist primarily of mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities where reliable pool and loan level collateral information cannot be reasonably obtained, and as such, an income approach is not feasible.  
 Since Level 3 valuations are based on techniques that use significant inputs that are unobservable with little or no market activity, the fair
values under the market approach for Level 3 securities are less credible than under the income approach, however, the market approach, where feasible, is used to corroborate the fair values determined by the income approach. The market approach
primarily relies on the securities  relationships to quoted transaction prices for similarly structured instruments. To the extent that transaction prices for similarly structured instruments are not available for a particular security, other
market approaches are used to corroborate the fair values determined by the income approach, including option adjusted spread analyses.  
 Unobservable inputs, significant to the measurement and valuation of mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, are generally used in the
income approach, and include assumptions about prepayment speed and collateral performance, including default, delinquency and loss severity rates. Significant changes to any one of these inputs, or combination of inputs, could significantly change
the fair value measurement for these securities.    The impact of prepayment speeds on fair value is dependent on a number of variables
including whether the securities were purchased at a premium or discount. A decrease in interest rates generally increases the assumed rate of prepayments, and an increase in interest rates generally decreases the assumed speed of prepayments.
Increased prepayments increase the yield on securities purchased at a discount, and reduce the yield on securities purchased at a premium. In a decreasing prepayment environment, yields on securities purchased at a discount are reduced but are
increased for securities purchased at a premium. Changes in default assumptions on underlying collateral are generally accompanied by directionally similar changes in other collateral performance factors, but generally result in a directionally
opposite change in prepayment assumptions.    We employ specific control processes to determine the reasonableness of the fair values of our
financial assets and liabilities. Our processes are designed to ensure that the values received or internally estimated are accurately recorded and that the data inputs and the valuation techniques used are appropriate, consistently applied and that
the assumptions are reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value. We assess the reasonableness of individual security values received from valuation service providers through various analytical techniques. In addition, we
validate the reasonableness of fair values by comparing information  
      58  

Table of Contents  

obtained from our valuation service providers to other third-party valuation sources for selected securities. We also validate prices obtained from brokers for selected securities through reviews
by those who have relevant expertise and who are independent of those charged with executing investing transactions.    In addition to such
procedures, we review the reasonableness of our classification of securities within the three-tiered hierarchy to ensure that the classification is consistent with GAAP.  
 The estimated fair values of our financial instruments measured at fair value and the level of the fair value hierarchy of inputs used as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:      
 
      59  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Primarily includes government agency pass-through securities guaranteed by a government agency or government sponsored enterprise, among other types of RMBS.    

(3) 
 Includes partnership and non-marketable equity investments accounted for on an AFS basis and excludes investments accounted for using the equity method.    
  Municipal Bonds.  The following table provides the fair value of our municipal bonds as of September 30, 2016, categorized by state and
revenue source. Special revenue bonds are debt securities for which the payment of principal and interest is available solely from the cash flows of the related projects. As issuers of revenue bonds do not have the ability to draw from tax revenues
or levy taxes to fund obligations, revenue bonds may carry a greater risk of default than general obligation bonds.      
     Recent Accounting Standards    
  Recently Adopted     In
February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the  FASB,  issued guidance that amended the analysis that must be performed to determine whether an entity should consolidate certain types of legal entities. Under this
guidance, the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities is modified, the presumption that general partners should consolidate limited partnerships is eliminated and the
process to determine the primary  
      60  

Table of Contents  

beneficiary of a variable interest entity is modified. This guidance was effective in the first quarter of 2016. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of 2016 and the implementation did
not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.    In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires
debt issuance costs related to debt liabilities be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, which is consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt
issuance costs are not affected. This guidance was effective in the first quarter of 2016. We adopted this guidance on a retrospective basis in the first quarter of 2016 and the implementation resulted in a reduction of other assets and a
corresponding decrease in senior notes of approximately $7 million as of March 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015.     Future
Application of Accounting Standards     In May 2014, the FASB, together with the International Accounting Standards Board, issued guidance
on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. Under this guidance, revenue is recognized as the transfer of goods and services to customers takes place, and in amounts that reflect the payment or payments that are expected to be
received from the customers for those goods and services. This guidance also requires new disclosures about revenue. Revenues related to insurance and reinsurance are not impacted by this guidance. In July 2015, the FASB decided to delay the
effective date of the new revenue standard by a year. This guidance is now effective in the first quarter of 2018 for public entities, with early adoption permitted in 2017. We will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2018 and do not
currently believe that the implementation will have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.    In May 2015,
the FASB issued guidance that requires disclosures related to short-duration insurance contracts. The guidance applies to property and casualty insurance and reinsurance entities, among others, and requires the following annual disclosure related to
the liability for loss and LAE: (i) net incurred and paid claims development information by accident year for up to ten years; (ii) a reconciliation of incurred and paid claims development information to the aggregate carrying amount of
the liability for loss and LAE; (iii) incurred-but-not-reported liabilities by accident year and in total; (iv) a description of reserving methodologies (as well as any changes to those methodologies); (v) quantitative information
about claim frequency by accident year; and (vi) the average annual percentage payout of incurred claims by age by accident year. In addition, the guidance requires insurance entities to disclose for annual and interim reporting periods a
roll-forward of the liability for loss and LAE. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We
will adopt this guidance as of December 31, 2016 and do not currently believe that the implementation will have an impact on our results of operations and financial condition.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes the recognition and measurement of certain financial instruments. This guidance requires
investments in equity securities (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. For equity securities that do not have readily determinable fair
values, measurement may be at cost, adjusted for any impairment and changes resulting from observable price changes for a similar investment of the same issuer. This guidance also changes the presentation and disclosure of financial instruments by:
(i) requiring that financial instrument disclosures of fair value use the exit price notion; (ii) requiring separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form, either on the balance sheet
or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; (iii) requiring separate presentation in other comprehensive income for the portion of the change in a liability s fair value resulting from instrument-specific credit risk when an
election has been made to measure the liability at fair value; and (iv) eliminating the requirement to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the
balance sheet. This guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Except for the change in presentation for instrument-specific credit risk,
this guidance does not permit early adoption. We will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2018. As of January 1, 2018, unrealized gains or losses of equity securities, net of deferred taxes, will be reclassified from accumulated other
comprehensive income to retained earnings. Subsequently, all changes in unrealized gains or losses of equity securities, net of deferred taxes, will be presented in the consolidated statement of earnings, rather than the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income. We do not currently believe that the implementation will have a material impact on our financial condition.    In
February 2016, the FASB issued guidance on leases. Under this guidance, a lessee is required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with terms of more than one year, whereas under current guidance, a lessee is only required to recognize
assets and liabilities for those leases qualifying as capital leases. This guidance also requires new disclosures about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The accounting by lessors is to remain largely unchanged.
This guidance is effective in the first quarter of 2019 for public entities, with early adoption permitted. We will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2019 and do not currently believe that the implementation will have a material impact on
our results of operations and financial condition.    In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance on credit losses. Under this guidance, a company
is required to measure all expected credit losses on loans, reinsurance recoverables and other financial assets accounted for at cost or amortized cost, as applicable. Estimates of expected credit losses are to be based on historical
experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Credit losses for securities accounted for on an AFS basis are to be measured in a manner similar to GAAP as currently applied and cannot exceed the amount by which fair
value is less than the amortized cost. Credit losses for all financial  
      61  

Table of Contents  

assets are to be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. Subsequent reversals in credit loss estimates are permitted and are to be recognized in earnings. This guidance also
requires new disclosures about the significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality of financial assets. This guidance is effective in the first quarter of 2020 for public entities, with early
adoption permitted. We will adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2020 and do not currently believe that the implementation will have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.  
    Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.   
 Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates. The primary market risk related to our debt securities is the
risk of loss associated with adverse changes in interest rates. We also invest in equity securities which are subject to fluctuations in market value. We hold our equity securities and debt securities as AFS. Any changes in the fair value in these
securities, net of tax, would be recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. However, if a decline in fair value relative to cost is believed to be other than temporary, a loss is generally recorded on our statement of earnings. In
addition, significant portions of our assets (principally investments) and liabilities (principally loss and LAE reserves and unearned premiums) are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The net change in the carrying value of
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies is generally recorded as a component of other comprehensive income.    The
sensitivity analyses presented below provide only a limited, point-in-time view of the market risk of our financial instruments. The actual impact of changes in market interest rates, equity market prices and foreign currency exchange rates may
differ significantly from those shown in these sensitivity analyses. The sensitivity analyses are further limited because they do not consider any actions we could take in response to actual and/or anticipated changes in equity market prices, market
interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, these sensitivity analyses do not provide weight to risks relating to market issues such as liquidity and the credit worthiness of investments.  
   Interest Rate Risk    
 The primary market risk for our and our subsidiaries  debt securities is interest rate risk at the time of refinancing. We monitor the
interest rate environment to evaluate reinvestment and refinancing opportunities. We generally do not use derivatives to manage market and interest rate risks. The table below presents sensitivity analyses as of September 30, 2016 of our
(i) consolidated debt securities and (ii) Senior Notes, which are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Sensitivity analysis is defined as the measurement of potential change in future earnings, fair values or cash flows of market
sensitive instruments resulting from one or more selected hypothetical changes in interest rates over a selected time period. In the sensitivity analysis model below, we use a  +/- 300  basis point range of
change in interest rates to measure the hypothetical change in fair value of the financial instruments included in the analysis. The change in fair value is determined by calculating hypothetical September 30, 2016 ending prices based on yields
adjusted to reflect a  +/- 300  basis point range of change in interest rates, comparing these hypothetical ending prices to actual ending prices, and multiplying the difference by the par outstanding. The
selected hypothetical changes in interest rates do not reflect what could be the potential best or worst case scenarios.      
 
      62  

Table of Contents  

    Equity Risk    
 Our equity securities are subject to fluctuations in market value. The table below summarizes our equity market price risk and reflects the
effect of a hypothetical increase or decrease in market prices as of September 30, 2016 on the estimated fair value of our consolidated equity securities portfolio. The selected hypothetical price changes do not reflect what could be the potential
best or worst case scenarios.      
   In addition to debt and equity securities, we invest in several partnerships which are subject to fluctuations
in market value. Our partnership investments are included in other invested assets and are accounted for as AFS or using the equity method, and had a carrying value of $342.7 million as of September 30, 2016.  
   Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk    
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk is the potential change in value arising from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our reinsurance
operations located in foreign countries maintain some or all of their capital in their local currency and conduct business in their local currency, as well as the currencies of the other countries in which they operate. As of September 30, 2016, the
largest foreign currency exposures for these foreign operations were the Euro, the Canadian Dollar, the Japanese Yen and the Australian Dollar. The table below summarizes our foreign currency exchange rate risk and shows the effect of a hypothetical
increase or decrease in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. Dollar as of September 30, 2016 on the estimated net carrying value of our foreign currency denominated assets, net of our foreign currency denominated liabilities. The
selected hypothetical changes do not reflect what could be the potential best or worst case scenarios.      
         
      Item 4. Controls and
Procedures.      Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer, or
 CEO,  and our chief financial officer, or  CFO,  of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) or
15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the  Exchange Act.  Based on that evaluation, our management, including our CEO and CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of that date to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and timely reported as specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our disclosure controls and procedures were designed to provide such
assurance; however, we note that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot assure you that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all
potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.     Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 No changes occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
      63  

Table of Contents  

   Part II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
 Certain of our subsidiaries are parties to pending litigation and claims in connection with the ordinary course of their businesses. Each such
subsidiary makes provisions for estimated losses to be incurred in such litigation and claims, including legal costs. We believe such provisions are adequate and do not believe that any pending litigation will have a material adverse effect on our
consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. See Note 12(a) to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, Item 8,  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  of the 2015 Form 10-K.  
    Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
 There are no material changes from the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of the 2015 Form 10-K. Please
refer to that section for disclosures regarding what we believe are the more significant risks and uncertainties related to our businesses.      
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.      (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   
 The following table summarizes our common stock repurchases for the quarter ended September 30, 2016:  

(1) 
 In November 2015, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of shares of common stock, at such times and at prices as management determines to be advisable, up to an aggregate of $400.0 million.
        Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   
 The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by SEC regulations is included in Exhibit 95 to
this Form 10-Q.  
      64  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6. Exhibits.   

Exhibit     Number   
    
  Description   

31.1 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

31.2 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

32.1 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  as a part of this Form
10-Q.  

32.2 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  as a part of this Form
10-Q.  

95 
    
 Mine Safety Disclosure required under Regulation 104 of Item S-K.  

101 
    
 Interactive Data Files formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (iv) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
      65  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

ALLEGHANY CORPORATION  
 (Registrant)   

Date: November 1, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ John L. Sennott, Jr.        

John L. Sennott, Jr.   Senior Vice President and
chief financial officer   (principal financial officer)   
 
      66  

Table of Contents  

     EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibit     Number   
   
  Description   

31.1 
   
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

31.2 
   
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15(d)-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

32.1 
   
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  as a part of this Form
10-Q.  

32.2 
   
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  as a part of this Form
10-Q.  

95 
   
 Mine Safety Disclosure required under Regulation 104 of Item S-K.  

101 
   
 Interactive Data Files formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (iv) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
      67  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d250707dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, Weston M. Hicks, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Alleghany Corporation (the  Registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:        

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 1, 2016       

/s/ Weston M. Hicks      
 
 Weston M. Hicks  
 
 President and chief executive officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d250707dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 I, John L. Sennott, Jr., certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Alleghany Corporation (the  Registrant         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:        

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
 Date: November 1, 2016       

/s/ John L. Sennott, Jr.   
 
 John L. Sennott, Jr.  
 
 Senior Vice President and chief financial officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d250707dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  ALLEGHANY CORPORATION   
  CERTIFICATION     In connection with the
periodic report of Alleghany Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Weston M. Hicks, President and chief
executive officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to my knowledge:  
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.    This Certification, which accompanies the Report, has not been, and shall not be deemed,
 filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.      

Date: November 1, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Weston M. Hicks   

Weston M. Hicks  

President and chief executive officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d250707dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  ALLEGHANY CORPORATION   
  CERTIFICATION     In connection with the
periodic report of Alleghany Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, John L. Sennott, Jr., Senior Vice President
and chief financial officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to my knowledge:  
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company at the dates and for the periods indicated.    This Certification, which accompanies the Report, has not been, and shall not be deemed,
 filed  with the Securities and Exchange Commission.      

Date: November 1, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ John L. Sennott, Jr.   

John L. Sennott, Jr.  

Senior Vice President and chief financial officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 6
 d250707dex95.htm
 EX-95

EX-95 

Exhibit 95   
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE   
 Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K
(17 CFR   229.104) require issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine to disclose certain information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and
citations, related civil penalty assessments, related legal actions and mining-related fatalities.    Wilson County Holdings LLC ( WCH ), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Alleghany Corporation through Stranded Oil Resources Corporation, operates a facility in Fredonia, Kansas (the  Fredonia Facility ) that is regulated by the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration
( MSHA ). MSHA has classified the operations at the Fredonia Facility as  oil mining  and subject to MSHA jurisdiction under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 ( Mine Safety Act ).  
 The Mine Safety Act requires MSHA to thoroughly inspect mining facilities on a regular basis and to issue a citation or otherwise take enforcement against a
mine operator if an inspector or authorized representative believes that any violation of the Mine Safety Act or MSHA s standards or regulations has occurred.  
 Liability under the Mine Safety Act is strict. Operators subject to MSHA jurisdiction are generally liable under the Mine Safety Act for violations of the Mine
Safety Act or the standards and regulations promulgated under the Mine Safety Act, regardless of fault. Whenever MSHA issues a citation or order, it generally proposes a civil penalty that the operator is ordered to pay. Mine operators may contest
citations, orders and proposed assessments before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, an independent adjudicatory agency.    The table
below contains information for the reporting period concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K
(17 CFR 229.104).      

Subsidiary Name/Mine I.D. 
 Number  
   
 Section 104(a) S S  Citations 1   

Section 104(b)  Orders 2   

Section 104(d)  Orders 3   

Section 110(b)(2)  Violations 4   

Section 107(a)  Orders 5   

Total Dollar  Value of  MSHA  Assessments  Proposed  (Actual  Amount) 

Total  Number of  Mining Related Fatalities 

Received Notice of Pattern of  Violations  under Section 104(e) (Yes/No) 6  

Legal Actions  Pending  as of Last Day of Period 

Legal  Actions  Initiated  During  Period 

Legal Actions  Resolved  During Period 

Wilson County Holdings LLC  

-      

-     

-     

-      

-      

$342  

-    

No 

-      

-     

-    

Mine I.D. No. 1401756  

1 
 Section 104(a) S S citations are alleged violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a coal mine health and safety hazard.    

2 
 Section 104(b) orders are alleged failures to abate or correct an alleged violation within the period of time specified in the citation or order.    

3 
 Section 104(d) citations and orders are issued for alleged unwarrantable failures aggravated conduct constituting more than ordinary negligence to comply with mandatory safety or health standards.

4 
 Section 110(b)(2) violations are issued for alleged  flagrant  failures reckless or repeated failures to make reasonable efforts to eliminate a known violation of a mandatory safety or health
standard that substantially proximately caused, or reasonably could have been expected to cause, death or serious bodily injury.    

5 
 Section 107(a) imminent danger orders are issued for alleged conditions or practices which could reasonably be expected to cause death or serious physical harm before such condition or practice can be abated. A
Section 107(a) order requires an operator to immediately withdraw miners from the area of the mine affected by the condition.    

6 
 Section 104(e) written notices are served when MSHA determines that a mine operator has demonstrated a pattern of violating mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute
to a coal mine safety or health hazard.    

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 y-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 y-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 y-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 y-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 y-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 y-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

