<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-K_edgar_data_1626644_0001683168-16-000458_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1036496</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>154855</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>77372</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>248180</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>259812</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>249800</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000458.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102160449
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000458
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Odyssey Group International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626644
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				471022125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-200785
		FILM NUMBER:		161967817

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4262 BLUE DIAMOND ROAD, SUITE 102-281
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89139
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-751-1418

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4262 BLUE DIAMOND ROAD, SUITE 102-281
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89139

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000458.txt : 20161102

10-K
 1
 odyssey_10k-073116.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

(Mark One)  

For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016  

  or  

For the transition period from            to            
..  

   Commission
File No.     333-200785   

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter)  

Nevada   
       
       47-1022125    

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
          Incorporation or Organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    
 
  4262 Blue Diamond Road, Suite 102-281  

  Las Vegas, Nevada 89139  

  (702) 751-1418  

  (Address and telephone number, including
area code, of registrant s principal executive offices)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:  

  None  

  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:  

  None  

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes         No   x  

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.    Yes         No   x  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x 
    No       

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x 
    No       

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.    x  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
       
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  
       
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No   x  

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  

 The Company hereby incorporates by reference all of the reports
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including but not limited to:
None 

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

  FORM 10-K  

  For the Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2016

INDEX  

Page    
 
      PART I   
 
     Item 1. 
     Business 
     3  
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     8  
 
     Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     17  
 
     Item 2. 
     Properties 
     17  
 
     Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     17  
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     17  

PART II   
 
     Item 5. 
     Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     18  
 
     Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data 
     18  
 
     Item 7. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
     18  
 
     Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     22  
 
     Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     22  
 
     Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
     30  
 
     Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     30  
 
     Item 9B. 
     Other Information 
     31  

PART III   
 
     Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
     32  
 
     Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
     35  
 
     Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
     37  
 
     Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     37  
 
     Item 14. 
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
     38  

PART IV   
 
     Item 15. 
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
     39  
 
     Signatures 
     40  

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.  

PART I  

Item 1.  
       Business    

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements based on expectations, estimates, and projections as of the date of this filing. Actual results may
differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. See Item 1A of Part I  Risk Factors.   

Odyssey Group International, Inc. was formed
as a Nevada corporation in March 2014. Our principal executive offices are located at 4262 Blue Diamond Road, Suite 102-281, Las
Vegas, Nevada 89139. The registration statement effectuating our initial public offering became effective in July 2015. We are
an emerging growth company. 

Our common stock is not listed or traded on
any exchange or automated quotation system so there is currently no public market for our common stock. We are in the process of
applying for quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the
necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board;
nor can there be any assurance that such an application for quotation will be approved. 

As used herein, when we refer to  OGI, 
the  company,   our company,   we,   us  and  our,  we mean Odyssey
Group International, Inc., a Nevada corporation, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

JOBS Act  

Recently the United States Congress passed the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ), which provides for certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements applicable to public companies that are reporting companies and are  emerging growth companies.  We are
an  emerging growth company  as defined in Section 3(a) of the Exchange Act (as amended by the JOBS Act, enacted on
April 5, 2012), and we will continue to qualify as an  emerging growth company  until the earliest to occur of: (a)
the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of $1,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for
inflation every five years by the SEC) or more; (b) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date
of the first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act; (c)
the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1,000,000,000 in non-convertible debt; or (d)
the date on which we are deemed to be a  large accelerated filer,  as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b 2. Therefore,
we expect to continue to be an emerging growth company for the foreseeable future. 

Generally, a registrant that registers any class
of its securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act is required to include in the second and all subsequent annual reports filed
by it under the Exchange Act a management report on internal control over financial reporting and, subject to an exemption available
to registrants that meet the definition of a  smaller reporting company  in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2, an auditor attestation
report on management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. However, for so long as we continue to qualify
as an emerging growth company, we will be exempt from the requirement to include an auditor attestation report in our annual reports
filed under the Exchange Act, even if we do not qualify as a  smaller reporting company . In addition, as an emerging
growth company, we are able to avail ourselves to the reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements and not to present to our stockholders a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation, obtain
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved or present the relationship between executive compensation actually
paid and our financial performance. We have irrevocably elected to comply with new or revised accounting standards even though
we are an emerging growth company. 

General  

Our Company is a trans-disciplinary
product development enterprise involved in the discovery, development and commercialization of a broad range of products applied
to our target industries. The Company has developed, and subsequent to July 31, 2014, began marketing a product called  Fit 
to provide athletic enhancement products to improve the human body s function during athletic stress. We currently own or
control all proprietary rights in and to the formula called Fit as well as the respective rights, titles and interests in and to
the formula. The formula is not patent protected, but is maintained solely as a trade secret. The Company has also acquired the
right to sell and distribute a new technology called CardioMap , which is an advanced technology for early non-invasive testing
for heart disease. 

Our business model is to develop or acquire
product formulas, engage third parties to manufacture such products and then distribute the products through various distribution
channels, including third parties. We have paid a third-party to manufacture inventory of our product called Fit. 

We intend to acquire other technologies and
assets and plan to be a trans-disciplinary product development company involved in the discovery, development and commercialization
of products and technologies that may be applied over various industries. We intend to provide our product, Fit, to improve the
human body s function during athletic stress and sell and distribute CardioMap . We also intend to further identify
and develop other products which may be used over various industries. 

We intend to license, improve and/or develop
our products and identify and select distribution channels. We intend to establish agreements with distributors to get products
to market quickly as well as to undertake and engage in our own direct marketing efforts. We will determine the most effective
method of distribution for each unique product that we include in our portfolio. 

We intend to engage third party research and
development firms who specialize in the creation of our products to assist us in the development of our own products from which
we intend to obtain royalty payments of the future use of our products of third parties. We intend to apply for trademarks and
patents once we have developed proprietary products. 

Because there are many third party manufacturers
capable of manufacturing our current Fit product and we can quickly switch from one manufacturer to another, we do not expect to
be dependent on any single third party manufacturer. Currently, we have only authorized and may use two manufacturers to manufacture
Fit. 

We believe that purchasers select natural athletic
enhancement products based primarily upon the performance of the products, name and brand recognition, endorsements or advertisements
from recognized personalities and price. 

Financial Information about Industry Segments  

We do not report our revenues or expenses by
segment. See financial statements audited by Piercy Bowler Taylor   Kern herein. 

Suppliers, Sources and Availability of Raw Materials   

Our Fit product is manufactured with a number
of essential raw ingredients, including primarily avian egg extract, marine mineral complex, shark cartilage, Aloe vera and green
tea. We do not purchase raw materials directly and do not utilize supply or forward purchase contracts to ensure the availability
of the raw materials. We allow our manufacturer to determine the best sources of the raw materials, and we believe these raw materials
are readily available from a number of sources, except that our marine mineral complex, AlgaeCal, which is a proprietary product
of the sole supplier, AlgaeCal, Inc. If AlgaeCal was not available to us, there are alternative sources of comparable marine mineral
complex. As to raw materials other than AlgaeCal, we face some risk that raw materials will not be available. 

Our manufacturing contracts are stated as a
fixed price. Our manufacturer may request price increases which we have agreed to negotiate in good faith. 

Our Growth Strategy  

In addition to distributing domestically, we
intend to enter into license agreements with qualified distributors in Europe, South America, and in the Philippines. We intend
to require such licensees to pay to our company an initial license fee as well as royalties based on gross sales. Retaining exclusivity,
we will bill based on a mutually agreeable semi-annual or quarterly sales minimum. We have determined to focus on international
growth because generally such international license agreements provide a stronger path to revenue and earnings than purely domestic
products. 

Our objective is to grow revenue through marketing
and sales of each of our current products, including Fit and CardioMap . Although no assurances can be given, management anticipates
company growth from the following areas: 

1) 
     
          Distribution Agreements.  In most cases, we will enter into
        distribution agreements with companies who already have sales professionals that already have experience selling health supplements
        through a variety of sales methods. These distribution agreements will allow us to more quickly achieve sales and revenue in the
        health products industries. 

2) 
     
          Generate revenues from sales of Fit and CardioMap  and through
        the development and distribution of new products.  We intend to market Fit and CardioMap  through third party distributors
        and through our own efforts, and we intend to market any new products that may be developed or acquired. We also intend to use
        other marketing and sales methods we have not implemented. We intend to develop such opportunities if and as they present themselves
        as capital resources permit. 

3) 
      Identify and develop Fit and CardioMap  customers internationally and develop proprietary products.  We intend to identify and find new Fit and CardioMap  customers by finding licensees with international opportunities.   

Through strategic licensing agreements, product
acquisitions and expanding sales and margins in our Fit and CardioMap  inventory acquisitions, we may seek to achieve a larger
geographic footprint and to create branding, greater economies of scale and improved marketing, advertising and sales programs. 

About Fit   

Fit ingredients are a proprietary blend of  super
foods.  Although there is no legal or medical definition of  super foods,  nutritionists generally agree that
they are nutrient-rich foods considered to be especially beneficial for health and well-being because they contain concentrated
doses of antioxidants, polyphenols, vitamins or minerals. Fit contains a proprietary  Young Tissue Extract,  which
contains, among other ingredients, extract from incubated fertilized hen eggs. We believe that these proteins fortify the body
against degeneration and may raise the production of the youth hormone DHEA, possibly lowering cortisol levels. We believe that
this blend may increase the recovery rate after physical exercise and sports participation. 

Fit also contains EGCG, a super antioxidant
that helps mediate oxidative stress, which we believe, may enhance metabolism, help balance glucose levels, increase fat oxidation
and aid in weight management. 

About CardioMap   

The CardioMap  System is an    internet
service  based on the new development of Dispersion Mapping Method in ECG analysis for the early, non-invasive testing
of a heart disease (CHD). The heart monitoring system provides high quality 3-D visualization and diagnosis of the heart using
advanced signal analysis. 

CardioMap  provides a better level of diagnosis with its improved
sensitivity levels that can detect early warning signs that would normally be invisible with standard ECG devices. The system can
dramatically cut the costs associated with the detection of ischemic heart disease and will prove to be an invaluable testing device
for cardiologists, physicians, clinics, hospitals, the fitness industry, sports teams, emergency facilities and general public.
CardioMap  was developed by VE Science Technology LLC, from whom we have purchased the product distribution rights. 

Competition  

We believe that the primary competition for
our services is from existing distributors of products similar to our products. In our current market of the United States, we
compete with other health and wellness companies. These companies are larger than we are in terms of revenues, assets and resources.
We believe that we compete primarily on the basis of cost. 

We do not manufacture our products or packaging.
For example, we use existing Fit that we purchased and that we will sell to our distributors who will sell to customers. In most
cases, we view the manufacturers as suppliers of product and not as competitors. However, such manufacturers may sell their products
directly to end users who intend to resell the products. 

Many manufacturers have the infrastructure to
manufacture our products but have not acquired the license or authorization to manufacture them. We currently hold all of the rights
to make, use and sell the Fit formula and we have only appointed Ubiquity International, LLC and Faun Pharma as manufacturers.
Manufacturers and distributors must obtain licensing and authorizations from our Company to distribute or manufacture Fit. 

We believe that there are a few emerging distributors
that offer products similar to our Fit product. However, we have not identified any such distributor that focuses primarily on
our market of the United States. 

Governmental Regulation  

Product Regulation

Domestic.  The processing, formulation,
safety, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution of our products may be subject to certain regulation by
one or more federal agencies, including the Federal Drug Administration (the  FDA ), Housing and Human Services (the
 HHS ), the Federal Trade Commission (the  FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the  CPSC ),
the United States Department of Agriculture (the  USDA ) and the Environmental Protection Agency (the  EPA ),
and by various agencies of the states and localities in which our products are sold.  

The Dietary
Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 ( DSHEA ) amended the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the
 FDC Act ) to establish a new framework governing the composition, safety, labeling, manufacturing and marketing
of dietary supplements. Generally, under the FDC Act, dietary ingredients that were marketed in the United States prior to
October 15, 1994 may be used in dietary supplements without notifying the FDA.  New  dietary ingredients
(i.e., dietary ingredients that were  not marketed in the United States before October 15, 1994 ) must be
the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA unless the ingredient has been  present in
the food supply as an article used for food  without being  chemically altered.  A new dietary ingredient
notification must provide the FDA with evidence of a  history of use or other evidence of safety  establishing
that use of the dietary ingredient  will reasonably be expected to be safe.  A new dietary ingredient
notification must be submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before the initial marketing of the new dietary ingredient.
The FDA may determine that a new dietary ingredient notification does not provide an adequate basis to conclude that a
dietary ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe. 1  Supplements not meeting the criteria are  deemed
adulterated  under 21 U.S.C.   342(f). See 21 U.S.C.   350b. Section 331 prohibits introducing, delivering,
or receiving adulterated items. 21 U.S.C.   331(a) (d). The legal remedies include injunctive relief and seizures,
among other penalties. 21 U.S.C.   332 334. Such a determination could prevent the marketing of such dietary
ingredient. In July 2011, the FDA issued draft guidance governing the notification of new dietary ingredients. Although
following FDA guidance is not mandatory, and companies are free to use an alternative approach if the approach satisfies the
requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 

FDA guidance is a strong indication of the FDA s
 current thinking  on the topic discussed in the guidance, including its position on enforcement. At this time, it
is difficult to determine whether the draft guidance, if finalized, would have a material impact on our operations. However, if
the FDA were to enforce the applicable statutes and regulations in accordance with the draft guidance as written, such enforcement
could result in monetary and jail penalties, injunctive relief, and seizures. 2  In less severe sanctions, enforcement
could also require us or our manufacturers to incur additional expenses, which could be significant, and negatively impact our
business in several ways, including, but not limited to, enjoining the manufacturing of our products by our third party manufacturers
until the FDA determines that they are in compliance and can resume manufacturing, thus increasing our liability and reducing our
growth prospects. 

The Dietary Supplement Labeling Act of 2013,
which was introduced in August 2013 (S. 1425), would amend the FDC Act to, among other things, (i) require dietary supplement
manufacturers to register the dietary supplements that they manufacture with the FDA (and provide a list of the ingredients in
and copies of the labels and labeling of the supplements), (ii) mandate the FDA and the Institute of Medicine to identify
dietary ingredients that cause potentially serious adverse effects and (iii) require warning statements for dietary supplements
containing potentially unsafe ingredients. If the bill is reintroduced and enacted, 3  it could restrict the number of
dietary supplements available for sale, increase our costs, liabilities and potential penalties associated with manufacturing and
selling dietary supplements, and reduce our growth prospects. 

The FDA or other agencies could take actions
against products or product ingredients that in their determination present an unreasonable health risk to consumers that would
make it illegal for us to sell such products. In addition, the FDA could issue consumer advisories or warning letters with respect
to the products or ingredients in such products that are sold in our stores. Such actions or warnings could be based on information
received through FDC Act-mandated reporting of serious adverse events. 

As is common in our industry, we rely on our
third-party vendors to ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us comply with all applicable regulatory and legislative
requirements. In general, we seek representations and warranties, indemnification and/or insurance from our vendors. However, even
with adequate insurance and indemnification, any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer
confidence in our products. In addition, the failure of such products to comply with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements
could prevent us from marketing the products or require us to recall or remove such products from the market, which in certain
cases could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance
that we would be able to offset all or any portion of losses related to any removal or recall. 

The FDC Act, as amended by the DSHEA, permits
 statements of nutritional support  to be included in labeling for dietary supplements without FDA pre-market approval.
Such statements must be submitted to the FDA within 30 days of marketing. Such statements may describe how a particular dietary
ingredient affects the structure, function or general well-being of the body, or the mechanism of action by which a dietary ingredient
may affect body structure, function or well-being, among other facts, but may not expressly or implicitly represent that a dietary
supplement will diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat or prevent a disease. The manufacturer of the dietary supplement referenced in
the labeled statement of nutritional support must possess scientific evidence substantiating that the statement is truthful and
not misleading. Furthermore, the statement must prominently display the following boldface type statement:  This statement
has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any
disease.  If the FDA determines that a particular statement of nutritional support is an unacceptable drug claim, conventional
food claim or an unauthorized version of a  health claim,  or, if the FDA determines that a particular claim is not
adequately supported by existing scientific data or is false or misleading, we would be prevented from using the claim. 

_____________________ 

   1  See 21 U.S.C.  
350b (includes amendments from DSHEA, or 103 P.L. 417).  

   2  21 U.S.C.   332 334.
See also section 415(b) of the FSMA (21 U.S.C.   350d(b)), which enables the Secretary to suspend registration of facilities
(meaning that our third party manufacturers would not be able to introduce food from its facility into commerce).  

   3  This bill has not been
reintroduced as of the date of this filing with the SEC.  

In addition, DSHEA provides that so-called
 third-party literature,  e.g., a reprint of a peer-reviewed scientific publication linking a particular dietary
ingredient with health benefits, may be used  in connection with the sale of a dietary supplement to consumers  without
the literature being subject to regulation as labeling. The literature: (1) must not be false or misleading; (2) may
not  promote  a particular manufacturer or brand of dietary supplement; (3) must present a balanced view of the
available scientific information on the subject matter; (4) if displayed in an establishment, must be physically separate
from the dietary supplements; and (5) should not have appended to it any information by sticker or any other method. If the
literature fails to satisfy each of these requirements, we may be prevented from disseminating such literature with our products,
and any dissemination could subject our product to regulatory action as an illegal drug. 

In June 2007, pursuant to the authority granted
by the FDC Act as amended by DSHEA, the FDA published detailed current Good Manufacturing Practice ( cGMP ) regulations
that govern the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and holding operations of dietary supplements. The cGMP regulations, among other
things, impose significant recordkeeping requirements on manufacturers, holders, and distributors. The cGMP requirements are in
effect for all manufacturers, and the FDA conducts inspections of dietary supplement manufacturers pursuant to these requirements.
In addition, the FDA s interpretation of the regulations will likely change over time as the agency becomes more familiar
with the industry and the regulations. The failure of a manufacturing facility to comply with the cGMP regulations renders products
manufactured in such facility  adulterated,  and subjects such products and the manufacturer to a variety of potential
FDA enforcement actions. In addition, under the Food Safety Modernization Act ( FSMA ), which was enacted in January
2011, the manufacturing of dietary ingredients contained in dietary supplements will be subject to similar or even more burdensome
manufacturing requirements, which will likely increase the costs of dietary ingredients and will subject suppliers of such ingredients
to more rigorous inspections and enforcement. The FSMA also requires importers of food, including dietary supplements and dietary
ingredients, to conduct verification activities to ensure that the food they might import meets applicable domestic requirements. 

The FDA has broad authority to enforce the provisions
of federal law applicable to dietary supplements, including powers to issue a public warning or notice of violation letter to a
company, publicize information about illegal products, detain products intended for import, require the reporting of serious adverse
events, require a recall of illegal or unsafe products from the market, and request the Department of Justice to initiate a seizure
action, an injunction action or a criminal prosecution in the United States courts. The FSMA expands the reach and regulatory powers
of the FDA with respect to the production and importation of food, including dietary supplements. The expanded reach and regulatory
powers include the FDA s ability to order mandatory recalls, administratively detain domestic products, require certification
of compliance with domestic requirements for imported foods associated with safety issues and administratively revoke manufacturing
facility registrations, effectively enjoining manufacturing of dietary ingredients and dietary supplements without judicial process.
The regulation of dietary supplements may increase or become more restrictive in the future. 

The FTC exercises jurisdiction over the advertising
of dietary supplements and over-the-counter drugs. In recent years, the FTC has instituted numerous enforcement actions against
dietary supplement companies for failure to have adequate substantiation for claims made in advertising or for the use of false
or misleading advertising claims. 

As a result of our efforts to comply with applicable
statutes and regulations, we intend to, from time to time, as the regulations are updated reformulate, eliminate or relabel our
products if necessary and revise certain provisions of our sales and marketing program. 

Foreign.  Any products
we eventually sell in foreign countries are also subject to regulation under various national, local and international laws that
include provisions governing, among other things, the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising and distribution
of dietary supplements and over-the-counter drugs. Government regulations in foreign countries may prevent or delay the introduction,
or require the reformulation, of some of our products. 

New Legislation or Regulation    

Legislation may be introduced
which, if passed, would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on dietary supplements. In June 2011, the FDA released draft
guidance attempting to clarify when an ingredient is considered a new dietary ingredient, the evidence needed to document the safety
of new dietary ingredients, and appropriate methods for establishing ingredient identity. The FDA s guidance also attempted
to clarify when products should be marketed as either dietary supplements or conventional foods formulated with added dietary ingredients. 

We cannot determine what
effect additional domestic or international governmental legislation, regulations, or administrative orders, when and if promulgated,
would have on our business in the future. New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation of certain products to meet
new standards, require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation, impose additional recordkeeping
or require expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different labeling or scientific substantiation. 

Employees  

At the date hereof, we have two employees and
intend to hire additional employees in the foreseeable future. 

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors    

An investment in our common stock is highly
speculative, involves a high degree of risk and should be made only by investors who can afford a complete loss. You should carefully
consider the following risk factors, together with the other information in this prospectus, including our financial statements
and the related notes, before you decide to buy our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, then our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the trading of our common stock could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment therein.  

Risks Relating to our Business  

We are at an emerging operational stage, and our success is
subject to the substantial risks inherent in the operation of an emerging business venture.   

The execution of our business strategy is in
an emerging stage. Our business and operations should be considered to be in an emerging stage and subject to all of the risks
inherent in the operation of an emerging business venture. Our intended business and operations may not prove to be successful
in the future, if at all. Any future success that we might enjoy will depend on many factors, several of which may be beyond our
control, or which cannot be predicted at this time, and which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
business prospects and operations and the value of an investment in our company. 

We have no significant operating history, which, together
with several other factors set forth below, creates substantial uncertainty about future results and our ability to continue as
a going concern.    

Our company was formed in March 2014, and we
do not have a significant operating history. This lack of operating history makes the prediction of future operating results difficult
if not impossible. Our proposed operations are subject to all business risks associated with new enterprises. The likelihood of
our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered
in connection with the growth of an early stage business. There is a substantial risk of failure associated with any new business
strategy as a result of problems encountered in connection with the commencement of new operations. Such problems include but
are not limited to the entry of new competition and unknown or unexpected additional costs and expenses that may exceed estimates. 

To succeed, we must do
most, if not all, of the following: 

raise corporate equity to support our operating costs and to have sufficient funds to develop, market and sell our products;  

locate strategic licensing and commercialization partners;  

continue to identify and establish relationships with customers and distributors;  

attract, integrate, retain and motivate qualified management and sales personnel;  

successfully execute our business strategies;  

respond appropriately and timely to competitive developments; and  

develop, enhance, promote and carefully manage our corporate identity.  

Our business will suffer if we are unable to
accomplish these and other important business objectives. We are uncertain as to when, or whether, we will fully implement our
contemplated business plan and strategy or become profitable. See Note 7 of the Notes to the Financial Statements and the Audit
Report for further detail. 

We may have difficulty raising additional capital, which could
deprive us of the resources necessary to implement our business plan, which would adversely affect our business, results of operation
and financial condition.    

We expect to continue devoting significant capital
resources to fund research and development and marketing. In order to support the initiatives envisioned in our business plan,
we will need to raise additional funds through the sale of assets, public or private debt or equity financing, collaborative relationships
or other arrangements. If our operations expand faster or at a higher rate than currently anticipated, we may require additional
capital sooner than we expect. We also may need to raise additional funds sooner to fund more rapid expansion or the development
or enhancement of athletic enhancement products, services, capabilities and systems. We are unable to provide any assurance or
guarantee that additional capital will be available when needed by our company or that such capital will be available under terms
acceptable to our company or on a timely basis. 

Our ability to raise additional financing depends
on many factors beyond our control, including the state of capital markets, the market price of our common stock and the development
or prospects for development of competitive products by others. Because our common stock is not listed on a major stock market,
many investors may not be willing or allowed to purchase it or may demand steep discounts. If additional funds are raised through
the issuance of equity, convertible debt or similar securities of our company, the percentage of ownership of our company by our
company s stockholders will be reduced, our company s stockholders may experience additional dilution upon conversion,
and such securities may have rights or preferences senior to those of our common stock. The preferential rights granted to the
providers of such additional financing may include preferential rights to payments of dividends, super voting rights, a liquidation
preference, protective provisions preventing certain corporate actions without the consent of the fund providers, or a combination
thereof. We are unable to provide any assurance that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us or at all. 

If we are unable to raise sufficient capital,
then we intend to continue to sell the Fit product but will scale back our marketing efforts by reducing our use
of paid marketing channels. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, our ability to fund our
expansion, take advantage of potential opportunities, develop or enhance athletic enhancement products, services, capabilities
and systems or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be limited significantly. We will also scale back or delay implementation
of research and development of new products and look for other types of vertical integration at a cheaper rate. Thus, the unavailability
of capital could harm substantially our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The capital requirements necessary to implement our business
plan initiatives could pose additional risks to our business and stockholders.    

We require additional debt or equity financing to implement our
business plan and marketing strategy. Since the terms and availability of such financing depend to a large degree on general economic
conditions and third parties over which we have no control, we can give no assurance that we will obtain the needed financing or
that we will obtain such financing on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to obtain financing depends on a number of other
factors, many of which also are beyond our control, such as interest rates and national and local economic conditions. If the cost
of obtaining needed financing is too high or the terms of such financing otherwise are unacceptable in relation to the strategic
opportunity we are presented with, then we may decide to forego that opportunity. Additional indebtedness could increase our leverage
and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and may limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. Additional equity
financing could result in dilution to our stockholders. 

Failure to implement our business strategy could adversely
affect our operations.    

Our financial position,
liquidity and results of operations depend on our management s ability to execute our business strategy. Key factors involved
in the execution of our business strategy include: 

achieving the desired cost of goods on inventory;  

the use of sophisticated risk management techniques and quality control testing;  

continued investment in technology to support operating efficiency; and  

continued access to significant funding and liquidity sources.  

Our failure or inability to execute any element
of our business strategy could materially adversely affect our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. 

Our failure to defend ourselves against
infringement litigation, if any, could harm our business.    

We could be subject to potential infringement
actions. Our company s business is  trademark intensive,  requiring us to constantly search for brands and marks
that are not already used by competitors. Claims for infringement, with or without merit and whether based on allegations that
our company s technology or its intellectual property claims infringe on the rights of others, could subject us to costly
litigation and the diversion of financial and human resources, regardless of the ultimate resolution of the claims. If such claims
are successful, we could be required to modify our products or services, create additional new trademarks, pay financial damages
or attempt to negotiate licensing arrangements with third parties. 

Our products are subject to substantial federal and state
regulations.    

Our research and development activities and
the manufacturing and marketing of our products may be subject to the laws, regulations and guidelines and, in some cases, regulatory
approvals of governmental authorities in the United States and other countries in which our products are or will be marketed. Specifically,
in the United States, the Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ) regulates, among other areas, new drug and cosmetic
product approvals, over-the-counter drugs and clinical trials of new products and services to establish the proper labeling, safety
and efficacy of these products and services and the accuracy of certain marketing claims. 

The Federal Trade Commission (the  FTC ),
which in the United States exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of consumer products, has in the past several years instituted
enforcement actions against several pharmaceutical, cosmetic and dietary supplement companies and others for false and misleading
advertising of products to consumers. Enforcement actions often have resulted in consent decrees and monetary payments by the companies
involved. Although we make every reasonable effort to ensure that ample foundation exists for our marketing claims, we cannot be
certain that the FTC will not question our advertising or other activities in the future. In addition, we cannot predict whether
new legislation or regulations governing our activities will be enacted by legislative bodies or promulgated by agencies further
regulating or restricting our activities or what the effect of any such legislation or regulations would be on our business. Although
we have retained counsel to advise and assist us on issues of compliance, it is possible that regulatory changes could occur that
could detrimentally affect our ability to market and sell our products. In addition, regulatory changes could affect our advertising
in a manner that could negatively affect earnings.  Also, the FTC from time-to-time revises
its Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising, or Guides. Although the Guides are not binding,
they explain how the FTC interprets Section 5 of the FTC Act s prohibition on unfair or deceptive acts or practices.
Consequently, the FTC could bring a Section 5 enforcement action based on practices that are inconsistent with the Guides.
Under the current Guides, advertisements that feature a consumer and convey his or her atypical experience with a product or service
are required to clearly disclose the results that consumers can generally expect. The revised Guides also add new examples to illustrate
the long-standing principle that  material connections  between advertisers and endorsers (such as payments or free
products), connections that consumers might not expect, must be disclosed. We have revised our marketing materials to be compliant
with the revised Guides. However, it is possible that our use of testimonials in the advertising and promotion of our products
will be significantly impacted, which might negatively impact our sales.  

Additional
or more stringent laws and regulations of dietary supplements and other products have been considered from time to time. These
developments could require the reformulation of some products to meet new standards, recalls or the discontinuance of some products
not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the properties of some products,
additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation or other new requirements. Any of these developments could
increase our costs significantly. We may also be required to reformulate, eliminate or relabel our products and revise our marketing
and sales programs.   

Our products will not be subject to clinical trials or FDA
approval.   

When sold publicly, some of our products may
demonstrate health, safety or effectiveness concerns that may ultimately damage the commercialization of our products. If these
concerns are severe to the extent that it may not be worthwhile to pursue any one or all of the products commercially, our business
would be severely harmed. Because these types of products will not be FDA approved, the reception of our products by the general
public is unknown. Not having FDA approval of our products potentially may have a negative impact on the public s acceptance
of our products or limit our products to a niche market. Our products  effectiveness also will be highly determinative of
our reputation. If we are unable to meet the public s wants and expectations, our business would be harmed. 

We may experience product recalls,
which could reduce our sales and margin and adversely affect our results of operations.   

We may be subject to
product recalls, withdrawals or seizures if any of the products we formulate, manufacture or sell are believed to cause injury
or illness or if we are alleged to have violated governmental regulations in the manufacturing, labeling, promotion, sale or distribution
of such products. Any recall, withdrawal or seizure of any of the products we formulate, manufacture or sell would require significant
management attention, would likely result in substantial and unexpected expenditures and could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, a recall, withdrawal or seizure of any of our products
could materially and adversely affect consumer confidence in our brands and decrease demand for our products and negatively impact
our business. 

As is common in our
industry, we rely on our third party vendors and distributors to ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us comply
with all applicable regulatory and legislative requirements as well as the integrity of ingredients and proper formulation. In
general, we seek representations and warranties, indemnification and/or insurance from our vendors. However, even with adequate
insurance and indemnification, any claim of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in
our products and materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In addition, the failure of such products
to comply with the representations and warranties regarding such products we receive from our third party vendors, including compliance
with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements, could prevent us from marketing the products or require us to recall or
remove such products from the market, which in certain cases could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operation. As a result of the indeterminable level of product substitution and reformulated product sales, we cannot
reliably determine the potential impact of any such recall or removal on our business, financial condition or results of operation. 

Our operations could be harmed if we are found not to be in
compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices.   

In the United States, FDA regulations on Good
Manufacturing Practices and Adverse Event Reporting requirements for the nutritional supplement industry require us and our vendors
to maintain good manufacturing processes, including stringent vendor qualifications, ingredient identification, manufacturing controls
and record keeping. We also are required to report serious adverse events associated with consumer use of our products. Our operations
could be harmed if regulatory authorities make determinations that we, or our vendors, are not in compliance with these regulations
or public reporting of adverse events harms our reputation for quality and safety. A finding of noncompliance may result in administrative
warnings, penalties or actions impacting our ability to continue selling certain products. In addition, compliance with these regulations
has increased and may further increase the cost of manufacturing certain of our products as we work with our vendors to assure
that they are qualified and in compliance. 

The loss of or nonperformance of suppliers or shortages in
ingredients could harm our business.    

We do not expect to manufacture many of our
products and will engage third party contractors to provide manufacturing services. If our contractors do not operate in accordance
with regulatory requirements and quality standards, then our business will suffer. 

We acquire ingredients and products from third
party suppliers and manufacturers. A loss of any of these suppliers and any difficulty in finding or transitioning to alternative
suppliers could harm our business. We obtain some of our products from sole suppliers that own or control the product formulations,
ingredients or other intellectual property rights associated with such products. If we experience supply shortages or regulatory
impediments with respect to the raw materials and ingredients we use in our products, we may need to seek alternative supplies
or suppliers and may experience difficulties in finding ingredients that are comparable in quality and price. If we are unable
to respond successfully to such issues, our business could be harmed. 

Production difficulties, quality control problems and inaccurate
forecasting could harm our business.   

Production difficulties and quality control
problems and our reliance on third party suppliers to deliver quality products in a timely manner could harm our business. We may
experience production difficulties with respect to our products, including the import or export of ingredients and delivery of
products that do not meet our specifications and quality control standards. These quality problems could in the future result in
stock outages or shortages in our markets with respect to such products, harming our sales and creating inventory write-offs for
unusable products. 

If our copyrights and trade secrets
are not adequate to provide us with a competitive advantage or to prevent competitors from replicating our products, or if we infringe
the intellectual property rights of others, then our financial condition and operating results would be harmed.    

Our future success
and ability to compete depend on our ability to timely produce innovative products and product enhancements that motivate our customers,
which we attempt to protect under a combination of copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions. We do not currently have any federally registered trademarks and rely exclusively on copyright and trade secrets to
protect our products. Our products are not patented domestically or abroad, and the legal protections afforded by common law and
contractual proprietary rights in our products provide only limited protection and may be time-consuming and expensive to enforce
and/or maintain. Further, we are unable to prevent third parties from independently developing products that are competitive with,
equivalent to and/or superior to our products. 

Additionally,
third parties may claim that products or marks that we have independently developed infringe on their intellectual property rights,
and there can be no assurance that one or more of our products or marks will not be found to infringe on third party intellectual
property rights in the future. 

Our trade secrets
could be misappropriated by manufacturers or distributors, and our reputation could be damaged.    

We are engaged in the
business of identifying and selecting manufacturing and distribution channels for our Fit product and establishing agreements with
distributors to market our products. In our agreements with our manufacturers we disclose the proprietary formula for Fit. We retain
all proprietary right to the formula, while our current manufacturers, Ubiquity International, LLC and Faun Pharma, retain rights
to its proprietary manufacturing and blending procedures. In the event that the manufacturer misappropriates our trade secrets,
litigation to enforce these rights could cause us to divert resources away from business operations. Additionally, our distributors
may perform such actions, such as offering it through discount retailing channels, which would damage the reputation of our company
or our products that could potentially damage our business. Even after terminating our agreement with such a distributor, the reputational
damage to our company or our products could be long lasting, especially with products that are new to the market. 

An increase in the price and shortage
of supply of key raw materials could adversely affect our business.   

Our products are composed
of certain key raw materials. Our current manufacturing agreement provides that the manufacturer may increase the price we pay
for our products. If the prices of these raw materials were to increase significantly, it could result in a significant increase
to us in the prices our contract manufacturers and third party manufacturers charge us for our products and third party products.
Raw material prices may increase in the future, and we may not be able to pass on such increases to our customers. A significant
increase in the price of raw materials that cannot be passed on to customers could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we no longer are able to obtain products from one or more of our suppliers
on terms reasonable to us or at all, then our revenues could suffer. Events such as the threat of political or social unrest, or
the perceived threat thereof, also may have a significant impact on raw material prices and transportation costs for our products.
In addition, the interruption in supply of certain key raw materials essential to the manufacturing of our products may have an
adverse impact on our suppliers  ability to provide us with the necessary products needed to maintain our customer relationships
and an adequate level of sales. 

Unfavorable publicity or consumer
perception of our products, the ingredients they contain and similar products distributed by other companies could cause fluctuations
in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the demand for our products and our ability
to generate revenues and the market price of our common stock.   

We depend substantially on consumer perception
of the safety and quality of our products and the ingredients they contain, as well as similar products distributed by other companies.
Consumer perception of products and the ingredients they contain can be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings,
national media attention and other publicity about product use. A product may be received favorably, resulting in high sales associated
with that product that may not be sustainable as consumer preferences change. Future scientific research or publicity could be
unfavorable to our industry or any of our particular products or the ingredients they contain and may not be consistent with earlier
favorable research or publicity. A future research report or publicity that is perceived by our consumers as less favorable or
that questions earlier research or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues. As such,
period-to-period comparisons of our results should not be relied on as a measure of our future performance. Adverse publicity in
the form of published scientific research or otherwise, whether or not accurate, that associates consumption of our products or
the ingredients they contain or other similar products distributed by other companies with illness or other adverse effects, that
questions the benefits of our or similar products or that claims that such products are ineffective could have a material adverse
effect on our reputation, the demand for our products, and our ability to generate revenues. 

Our success depends on our ability to maintain and expand
our operational and maintenance capabilities.   

Our small number of employees and limited experience
limits our in-house capabilities. If we are unable to hire and train qualified employees, we may not be able to efficiently sell
our athletic enhancement products. Failure to operate efficiently may result in losses and ultimately the failure of our business
and the loss of our stockholders  entire investment in our company. 

We are exposed to risks associated with the recent worldwide
economic slowdown and related uncertainties .  

We plan to expand our level of operations. Slower
economic activity, concerns about inflation or deflation, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital
spending, adverse business conditions and liquidity concerns in the general economy and recent international conflicts and terrorist
and military activity have resulted in a downturn in worldwide economic conditions, especially in the United States. Recent political
and social turmoil related to international conflicts and terrorist acts can be expected to place further pressure on economic
conditions in the United States and worldwide. These political, social and economic conditions make it extremely difficult for
us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. If such conditions continue or worsen, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We anticipate significant growth in our business, and any
inability to manage such growth could harm our business.   

Our success will depend, in part, on our ability
to manage effectively our growth and expansion. We plan to expand our business significantly. Any growth in or expansion of our
business is likely to continue to place a significant strain on our management and administrative resources, infrastructure and
systems. In order to succeed, we will need to continue to implement management information systems and improve our operating, administrative,
financial and accounting systems and controls. We also will need to train new employees and maintain close coordination among our
executive, accounting, finance and operations organizations. These processes are time consuming and expensive, will increase management
responsibilities and will divert management attention. Our inability or failure to manage our growth and expansion effectively
could harm substantially our business and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

If our business is unsuccessful, our stockholders may lose
their entire investment.   

Although our stockholders will not be bound
by or be personally liable for our expenses, liabilities or obligations beyond their total original investments in our common stock,
if we suffer a deficiency in funds with which to satisfy our obligations, our stockholders as a whole may lose their entire investment
in our company. 

We may be unable to compete successfully against existing
and future competitors, which could harm our margins and our business.   

Our target industries iare intensely competitive.
We face competition from a large number of existing companies who have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing,
marketing and distribution resources as well as greater experience than we have. We have at least four types of competitors in
health and wellness: (1) companies that directly market and sell nutraceutical products such as NuSkin, Herbalife, Nature s
Sunshine, LifePharm and Amway; (2) retail establishments that offer both their own brand and third party products such as General
Nutrition Centers and Vitamin Shoppe; (3) general retailers such as Target and Wal-Mart; and (4) retail pharmacies like CVS, Walgreens
and Rite Aid. We believe that the general financial success of companies within the health and wellness market will continue to
attract new competitors to the industry. 

We can provide no assurance that we will be
able to compete successfully against current or potential competitors. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer
operating histories, better brand recognition and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do.
Many of these competitors may have well-established relationships with manufacturers and other key strategic partners and can devote
substantially more resources to such relationships. As a result, they may be able to secure equipment, technology, products and
systems, among other things that we may need, from vendors on more favorable terms, fulfill customer orders or requests more efficiently
and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. They also may be able to secure a broader range of technologies, products
and systems from or develop close relationships with primary vendors. Some competitors may price their products, services, capabilities
and systems below cost in an attempt to gain market share. 

Increased competition may result in price reductions,
reduced gross margin and loss of market share, any of which could harm our business and adversely affect our operating results
and financial condition. We may not be able to compete successfully and respond to competitive pressures. Our inability to compete
effectively with current or future competitors could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. 

Our inability to retain and properly insure against the loss
of the services of our executive officers and other key personnel may harm our business and impede the implementation of our business
strategy.   

Our future success depends significantly on
the skills and efforts of Steve Miller and James Short and possibly other key personnel. The loss of the services of any of these
individuals could harm our business and operations. In addition, we have not obtained key person life insurance on any of our key
employees. If any of our executive officers or key employees left or was seriously injured and unable to work and we were unable
to find a qualified replacement and/or to obtain adequate compensation for such loss, we may be unable to manage our business,
which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

Our inability to attract, train and retain additional qualified
personnel may harm our business and impede the implementation of our business strategy.   

Once our business begins to grow, we will need
to attract, integrate, motivate and retain a significant number of additional administrative and sales personnel. Competition for
these individuals in our industry and geographic region is intense, and we may be unable to attract, assimilate or retain such
highly qualified personnel in the future. Our business cannot continue to grow if we are unable to attract such qualified personnel.
Our failure to attract and retain highly trained personnel that are essential to our business may limit our growth rate, which
would harm our business and impede the implementation of our business strategy. 

We may indemnify our directors and officers against liability
to us and our stockholders, and such indemnification could increase our operating costs.   

Our bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors
and officers against claims associated with carrying out the duties of their offices. Our bylaws also allow us to reimburse them
for the costs of certain legal defenses. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may
be permitted to our directors, officers or control persons, we have been advised by the SEC that such indemnification is against
public policy and is therefore unenforceable. 

Since our directors and officers are aware that
they may be indemnified for carrying out the duties of their offices, they may be less motivated to meet the standards required
by law to properly carry out such duties, which could increase our operating costs. Further, if our directors and officers file
a claim against us for indemnification, the associated expenses also could increase our operating costs. 

There are substantial inherent risks in attempting to commercialize
newly developed products, and, as a result, we may not be able to successfully develop new products.   

Our company plans to conduct research and development
of products in the health and wellness field. However, commercial feasibility and acceptance of such product candidates are unknown.
Scientific research and development requires significant amounts of capital and takes an extremely long time to reach commercial
viability, if at all. During the research and development process, we may experience technological barriers that we may be unable
to overcome. Because of these uncertainties, it is possible that some of our future product candidates never will be successfully
developed. If we are unable to successfully develop new products, we may be unable to generate new revenue sources or build a sustainable
or profitable business. 

We will need to achieve commercial acceptance of our products
to generate revenues and achieve profitability.   

Superior competitive products may be introduced,
or customer needs may change, which would diminish or extinguish the uses for our products. We cannot predict when significant
commercial market acceptance for our products will develop, if at all, and we cannot reliably estimate the projected size of any
such potential market. If markets fail to accept our products, then we may not be able to generate revenues from them. Our revenue
growth and achievement of profitability will depend substantially on our ability to introduce new products accepted by customers.
If we are unable to cost-effectively achieve acceptance of our products by customers, or if our products do not achieve wide market
acceptance, then our business will be materially and adversely affected. 

We expect to rely on third parties for the worldwide marketing
and distribution of our product candidates, who may not be successful in selling our products.   

We currently do not have adequate resources
to market and distribute any of our products worldwide and expect to engage third party marketing and distribution companies to
perform these tasks. While we believe that distribution partners will be available, we cannot assure you that the distribution
partners, if any, will succeed in marketing our products on a global basis. We may not be able to maintain satisfactory arrangements
with our marketing and distribution partners, who may not devote adequate resources to selling our products. If this happens, we
may not be able to successfully market our products, which would decrease or eliminate our ability to generate revenues. 

Our products may be displaced by superior products developed
by third parties.   

The health and wellness industry is constantly
undergoing rapid and significant change. Third parties may succeed in developing or marketing products that are more effective
than those developed or marketed by us or that would make our products obsolete or non-competitive. Additionally, researchers could
develop new surgical procedures and medications that replace or reduce the use of our products. Accordingly, our success will depend,
in part, on our ability to respond quickly to medical and technological changes through the development and introduction of new
products. We may not have the resources to do this. If our products become obsolete and our efforts to develop new products do
not result in commercially successful products, then our sales and revenues will decline. 

We may incur material product liability
claims, which could increase our costs and harm our financial condition and operating results.   

Our products consist of vitamins, minerals and
botanicals and other ingredients that are classified as foods or dietary supplements and athletic enhancement products that are
not subject to pre-market regulatory approval in the United States. Our products could contain contaminated substances, and some
of our products contain some ingredients that do not have long histories of human consumption. We rely on published and unpublished
safety information, including clinical studies, on ingredients used in our products and conduct limited clinical studies on some
key products but not all products. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of these ingredients could
occur. As a marketer of dietary and nutritional supplements and other products that are ingested by consumers or applied to their
bodies, we may be subjected to various product liability claims, including that the products contain contaminants, the products
include inadequate instructions as to their uses or the products include inadequate warnings concerning side effects and interactions
with other substances. It is possible that widespread product liability claims could increase our costs and adversely affect our
revenues and operating income. Moreover, liability claims arising from a serious adverse event may increase our costs through higher
insurance premiums and deductibles and may make it more difficult to secure adequate insurance coverage in the future. In addition,
our product liability insurance may fail to cover future product liability claims, thereby requiring us to pay substantial monetary
damages and adversely affecting our business. 

Risks Relating to an Investment in our Company  

Our common stock is not listed on any exchange, and stockholders
may not be able to resell their shares.   

Currently our shares of common stock are not
listed on any exchange or automated quotation system. A public market for our shares of common stock may never develop. There can
be no assurance that purchasers of our shares of common stock will be able to resell their shares at their original purchase price,
if at all. 

Our common stock could ultimately be traded over the counter,
which could deprive stockholders of the full value of their shares.   

We intend, upon the effectiveness of the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, to apply for the listing of our common stock on a national stock exchange or an automated
quotation system. Until our common stock is listed on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system, there is
no market price for the shares. Once listed on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system, the shares may be sold
at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. There can be no assurance that any application for the listing of our
common stock on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system will be approved. 

If any such application is not approved and
our common stock ultimately is not listed, we intend to engage a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin
Board. There can be no assurance that a market maker will agree to file the necessary documents with the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA), which operates the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board; nor can there be any assurance that such an application for
quotation will be approved. If such an application is approved and our common stock is approved for quotation via the OTC Electronic
Bulletin Board, then our common stock is expected to have fewer market makers, lower trading volumes and larger spreads between
bid and asked prices than securities listed on an exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market.
These factors may result in higher price volatility and less market liquidity for our common stock. 

The sale of shares of our common stock pursuant to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part could cause the price of our common stock to decline.   

The selling stockholders under the registration
statement may sell none, some or all of the shares of common stock that are covered by such registration statement. We have no
way of knowing whether or when the selling stockholders will sell the shares of common stock covered by such registration statement.
Depending on market liquidity at the time, a sale of shares covered by such registration statement at any given time could cause
the trading price of our common stock to decline. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock under such registration
statement, or the anticipation of such a sale, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities
in the future at a time and at a price that we otherwise might desire to effect such sales. 

A low market price would severely limit the potential market
for our common stock.   

Our common stock may trade at a price below
$5.00 per share, subjecting trading in the stock to certain SEC rules requiring additional disclosures by broker-dealers. These
rules generally apply to any non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price share of less than $5.00 per share, subject to
certain exceptions (a  penny stock ). Such rules require the delivery, before any penny stock transaction, of a disclosure
schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith and impose various sales practice requirements on
broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and institutional or wealthy investors. For these
types of transactions, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received the
purchaser s written consent to the transaction before the sale. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable
to the broker-dealer, current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker,
the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Such information must
be provided to the customer orally or in writing before or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer. Monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited
market in penny stocks. The additional burdens imposed on broker-dealers by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from
effecting transactions in our common stock. 

If applicable, FINRA sales practice requirements could limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock.   

In addition to the penny stock rules promulgated
by the SEC, which are discussed in the immediately preceding risk factor, FINRA rules (which would apply to our common stock in
the event that our common stock ultimately becomes traded over the counter via the OTC Electronic Bulletin Board) require that,
in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is
suitable for that customer. Under these FINRA rules, before recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status,
investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability
that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA rules were to apply to
our common stock, such application would make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common
stock, which could limit the ability to buy and sell our common stock and have an adverse effect on the market value for our shares
of common stock. 

An investor s ability to trade our common stock may
be limited by trading volume.   

A consistently active trading market for our
common stock may not occur on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system. A limited trading volume may prevent
our stockholders from selling shares at such times or in such amounts as they otherwise may desire. 

Our company has a concentration of stock ownership and control,
which may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control.   

Our common stock ownership is highly concentrated.
Through ownership of shares of our common stock, four stockholders collectively own beneficially more than 87% of our
total outstanding shares of common stock. As a result of this concentrated ownership of our common stock, our four stockholders
will be able to exert significant control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors
and approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying,
preventing or deterring a change in control of our company. It also could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive
a premium for their shares as part of a sale of our company, and it may affect the market price of our common stock. 

We have not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance
measures, in the absence of which, stockholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts
of interest and similar matters   .  

Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of corporate
management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have
been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, on which their securities are
listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges and NASDAQ are
those that address board of directors  independence, audit committee oversight and the adoption of a code of ethics. While
our board of directors has adopted a Code of Ethics and an Audit Committee Charter, we have not yet adopted any of the other corporate
governance measures, and, since our securities are not currently listed on a national securities exchange or NASDAQ, we are not
currently required to do so. We intend, however, upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part, to apply for the listing of our common stock on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system. There can
be no assurance that any application for the listing of our common stock will be approved. In the event that our common stock becomes
listed, we will be required to adopt these other corporate governance measures, and we intend to do so. It is possible that if
we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurances
that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors and that policies had been implemented to define responsible
conduct. For example, in the absence of audit, nominating and compensation committees comprised of at least a majority of independent
directors, decisions concerning matters such as compensation packages to our senior officers and recommendations for director nominees
may be made by a majority of directors who have an interest in the outcome of the matters being decided. Prospective investors
should bear in mind our current lack of corporate governance measures in formulating their investment decisions. 

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that certain proceedings
may only be instituted in the District Courts of Nevada, which may prevent or delay such proceedings and will increase the costs
to enforce shareholder rights.    

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that the
following actions and proceedings may only be brought in the courts located in the State of Nevada: (i) derivative actions brought
on behalf of the company, (ii) any action asserting breach of fiduciary duty by the directors or officers, (iii) any action brought
under the Business Associations, Securities and Commodities statutes of the State of Nevada, and (iv) actions asserting a claim
under the internal affairs doctrine. No court has determined that such provisions are enforceable in Nevada, and we may be forced
to defend proceedings brought in other states if such provision is ruled unenforceable. If enforceable, claims covered by this
provision may be maintained in the courts of the State of Nevada only if such courts have personal jurisdiction over the defendants.
If the State of Nevada does not have personal jurisdiction over any named defendant, this provision may have the effect of preventing
the prosecution of any claim. Additionally, because shareholders may initiate such actions only in the State of Nevada, shareholders
will be required to incur additional costs and expense such as engaging legal counsel authorized to practice in Nevada. Moreover,
the laws of the State of Nevada may be more favorable to us or our management than the laws of the state in which any shareholder
resides. 

Because we will not pay dividends in the foreseeable future,
stockholders will only benefit from owning common stock if it appreciates.   

We have never paid dividends on our common stock,
and we do not intend to do so in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance our growth. Accordingly,
any potential investor who anticipates the need for current dividends from his investment should not purchase our common stock. 

Item 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments    

None. 

Item 2.  
       Properties    

As of July 31, 2015, our company owns no
real property. Our principal address is located at 4262 Blue Diamond Road, Suite 102-281, Las Vegas, Nevada 89139. Our telephone
number is (702) 751-1418. We currently use shared office space and do not pay any monthly rent. We may be obligated to pay rent
in the future but the amount and timing of such obligation is currently unknown. 

Item 3.  
       Legal Proceedings    

Our company is not a party to any legal proceeding. 

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5.  
       Market for the Registrant s Common Stock, Related Shareholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    

Market Information   

Our common stock is not traded on any national
exchange or quotation system, and, accordingly, there is no established public trading market for our common stock. 

Holders of our Common Stock  

As of October 31, 2016, 114,750,000 shares of
our common stock were outstanding and held of record by approximately 41 stockholders of record. 

Dividends  

We have never paid dividends with respect to
our common stock and cannot provide any assurance that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future determination
to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend
on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our
board of directors may deem relevant. Our board of directors expects to retain future earnings (if any) to finance our growth.
See  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans  

We have not adopted any equity compensation
plans and have not entered into any individual compensation arrangements. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

None. 

Item 6.  
       Selected Financial Data    

See financial statements audited by Piercy
Bowler Taylor   Kern herein. 

Item 7.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included
in this prospectus regarding our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects
and plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. The words  anticipates,   believes, 
 estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   projects, 
 will,   would  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not
all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 

We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that the expectations underlying our forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these expectations may prove to be incorrect, and all of these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. We have included important risks and uncertainties
in the cautionary statements included in this prospectus, particularly the section titled  Risk Factors  incorporated
by reference herein. We believe these risks and uncertainties could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements that we make. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize, or should underlying
assumptions, projections or expectations prove incorrect, actual results, performance or financial condition may vary materially
and adversely from those anticipated, estimated or expected. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact
of future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments that we may make. We do not assume any obligation
to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as required by law. In the light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed
in this prospectus may not occur, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking
statements. 

Overview  

We have a deficit of $391,918 as of July 31,
2016. For the foreseeable future, we expect to experience continuing operating losses and negative cash flows from operations as
our management executes our current business plan. The cash and cash equivalents available at July 31, 2016 and the revenue from
the sales of our products may not provide sufficient working capital to meet our current operating expenses through December 31,
2016; however, we continue to cut overhead expenses and intend to grow our business product line and are working to grow the business
internationally. We will need to raise additional capital through a debt financing or equity offering to meet our operating and
capital needs. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be successful in our fundraising efforts or that additional funds
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 

If we are unable to raise additional capital
by December 31, 2016, we will adjust our current business plan to rely upon a new marketing strategy based on verbal networking
and marketing efforts through cost effective social media outlets, rather than using more traditional marketing strategies in the
industry (i.e. infomercials and commercials).We may also have to consider focusing solely on our current product, Fit, to market,
sell, and distribute and would not be able to research and develop other product possibilities that may present themselves to the
Company. If no additional capital is available, we may also be forced to curtail purchase of inventory of Fit, which would eliminate
all of our sales revenue. 

Going Concern  

Our registered independent accounting firm,
Piercy Bowler Taylor   Kern, has expressed substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report
for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 based on the fact that we do not have adequate working capital to finance our day-to-day
operations. As shown in the accompanying financial statements, the Company is in its second full year of operations and although
having acquired a health and wellness formula and distribution rights to CardioMap , of which it had its first sales, the
Company continues to incur losses. The Board of Directors has authorized the Company to register the Company for international
business operations and development on technologies or acquisitions over various industries where it believes it may find international
distributors for its product and further business opportunities for new technologies. There can be no assurance that the Company
will be successful in marketing and selling its developed products internationally. The Company intends to continue domestic operations
and contract other domestic distributors to sell its product. The Company is also reviewing its business model to distribute product
on its own. These factors indicate substantial uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans also include engaging in further research and development and marketing activity and raising additional capital in the short
term to fund such activities through sales of its common stock. Management s ability to implement its plans and continue
as a going concern may be dependent upon raising additional capital and increasing revenue and earnings from the sale of products.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in marketing and selling its developed products to sustain adequate working
capital to finance the day-to-day operations. Our continued existence may depend on the success of our efforts to raise additional
capital necessary to meet our obligations as they come due and to obtain sufficient capital to execute our business plan. We may
obtain capital primarily through issuances of debt or equity or entering into collaborative arrangements with corporate partners.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in completing additional financing or collaboration transactions or, if financing
is available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing
on a timely basis, we may be required to further scale down or perhaps even cease the operation of our business. The issuance
of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders.
Obtaining commercial loans, assuming those loans would be available, will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments.
Our financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

There are no critical accounting policies or
estimates reflected in the accompanying financial statements. Reference is made to the Company s significant (but not critical)
accounting policies set forth in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements. 

Impact of New Accounting Pronouncements  

New standards have been issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) that are not yet effective but that are not expected to have any significant effect on the Company s
financial statements when adopted in the future. However, new standards that may have an effect primarily on future financial statement
disclosures are those specifically regarding revenue recognition (ASU 2014-09) and going concern uncertainties (ASU 2014-15). The
Company will adopt both of these pronouncements when they become effective for reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016. 

The Company presently expects to recognize revenue
only upon shipment of its products to distributors or other buyers with no characteristics associated with the transactions that
require the application of significant management judgments that could affect revenue recognition such as significant return rights,
licensing or other customer contracts, multiple element price allocations, deferred payment terms or product delivery schedules,
or contingent or variable consideration arrangements that are dependent upon the occurrence or nonoccurrence of certain specified
future events. Accordingly, its revenue recognition practices are expected to be the same both before and after adoption of the
new FASB standard, and management does not expect to make any retroactive adjustments to previously issued financial statements
upon adoption. 

The FASB s new going concern standard
will require management to make interim and annual assessments of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for
one year from the issuance of the financial statements and when applicable, it prescribes specific related disclosures not presently
required. It does not change the present FASB requirement to use liquidation basis as an alternative to going concern accounting
whenever liquidation is imminent.  

Results of Operations  

Revenue  

Revenue is derived from product sales of two
products: a health supplement product called Fit and a heart scanning technology called CardioMap . 

The Company began marketing Fit as a health
supplement to provide athletic enhancement to improve the human body s function during athletic stress. CardioMap  is
an advanced technology for early non-invasive testing for heart disease. 

For the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company
had sales of $37,452, an 85% decrease in sales from $257,220 from the pervious year ended July 31, 2015. The decrease in sales
is due to the termination of its distributor. The Company entered into a distribution agreement for CardioMap  in February
2016 and had its first sales of the product in the year ended July 31, 2016. 

Costs of Goods Sold  

Our cost of goods sold consists primarily of
the amounts paid to a third-party manufacturer for the product we purchased for resale. 

The Company had cost of goods sold of $20,299,
which decreased of 91%, from $228,490 from the previous year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease is due to the Company having
no sales of Fit in the first three quarters of the year ended July 31, 2016, due to the termination of its distributor. 

Gross Profit   Gross Margin  

Our gross profit decreased by $11,577 or 40%
to $17,153 for the year ended July 31, 2016 from $28,730 in the year ended July 31, 2015. The decrease is due to the Company having
no sales of Fit in the first three quarters of the year ended July 31, 2016, due to the termination of its distributor. 

We do not necessarily expect gross margins
to remain at this level in 2017. Our gross margin will continue to be affected by a variety of factors that include the volume
of sales as the Company transitions into an international business model as well as the costs of goods sold may be affected as
the Company intends to engage international third party manufacturers to manufacture its product. 

Operating Expenses  

Our operating expenses consists primarily of
general and administrative expenses, which include salaries and legal and professional fees associated with the costs for services
or employees in finance, accounting, sales, administrative activities and the formation and compliance of a public company.  

Overall operating expenses decreased by $93,907
or 51% from the year ended July 31, 2015 to the year ended July 31, 2016. The decrease in operating expenses is mainly due to the
decrease in salaries to officers and directors as well as legal and professional fees for the year ended July 31, 2016. On May
5, 2015, the Board of Directors resolved to decrease salaries for officers and directors resulting in a $48,000 decrease in salary
expense for the year ended July 31, 2016. Due to the successful registration and filing of the Company with the SEC, the Company
reduced its legal and professional expenses by $34,047 from the year ended July 31, 2015 to the year ended July 31, 2016. 

Loss from Operations  

Loss from operations decreased from a loss
of $155,898 for the year ended July 31, 2015 to a loss of $73,568 for the year ended July 31, 2016, which was largely a result
of the decrease in salaries to officers and directors and reduced legal and professional fees associated with the registration
of the Company with the SEC in the previous year. 

Interest expense  

Interest expense was $12,549 for the year ended
July 31, 2016 compared to interest expense of $4,800 for the year ended July 31, 2015. The increase in interest expense for the
year ended July 31, 2016 is largely attributed to the Company entering into debt instruments and notes in order to purchase distribution
rights to CardioMap  and fund operations. 

Cash flows  

The following table sets forth the primary
sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 as presented below: 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

To date, we have financed our operations
primarily through debt financing and limited sales of our common stock. During fiscal year 2015, we paid down our note payable
by $221,667. During 2016 we borrowed on the note payable to purchase distribution rights to CardioMap  and fund professional
services. As of July 31, 2016 the note has a balance of $142,739. As of July 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2,181.
We do not believe that such cash is sufficient to sustain operations through the next 12 months. Therefore, we anticipate that
we will need to raise additional capital through debt or equity financings. 

Our ability to continue to access capital
could be affected adversely by various factors, including general market and other economic conditions, interest rates, the perception
of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, any unwillingness on the part of lenders to make loans to us and any deterioration
in the financial position of lenders that might make them unable to meet their obligations to us. If these conditions continue
and we cannot raise funds through a public or private debt financing, or an equity offering, our ability to grow our business may
be negatively affected. In such case, our company may need to suspend any purchase of Fi inventory and/or the creation of new athletic
enhancement products until market conditions improve. 

On January 4, 2016, we entered into a  Master
Revolving Note  (the  Note ) to Vivakor, Inc. in the amount of $200,000 plus simple interest of 12.5% per annum
that shall become due and payable on January 4, 2017. The Note entitles Vivakor, Inc. to a payment of 2% of all gross sales until
repayment or conversion (until the total sum of all payments made to the Holder equals two times the original principal amount
of the Note). The Note was secured by a pledge of our equipment, general intangibles and intellectual property. On January 4,
2017, the Note may be converted into shares of the Company at $0.01 per share. As of July 31, 2016 it has a balance of $142,739. 

Inflation  

Inflation generally will cause suppliers to
increase their rates. In connection with such rate increases, we may or may not be able to increase our pricing to consumers. Inflation
could cause both our investment and cost of goods sold to increase, thereby lowering our return on investment and depressing our
gross margins. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

Our company has no material off balance sheet
arrangements. 

Item 7A.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

We are a smaller reporting company and are not
required to provide information under this item. 

Item 8.  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Odyssey Group
International, Inc. (the Company) as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity,
and cash flows for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company continued to
incur losses from operations, and, accordingly, has a deficit of $391,918 as July 31, 2016. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 7. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Piercy Bowler Taylor and Kern, 
Certified Public Accountants 
Salt Lake City, Utah 

 November 2, 2016 

Odyssey Group International, Inc.   

  Balance Sheets  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

Odyssey Group International, Inc.  

  Statement of Operations  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

Odyssey Group International, Inc.  

  Statement of Stockholders  Equity (Deficiency)  

  For the Years Ended July 31, 2016 and 2015  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

Odyssey Group International, Inc.  

  Statement of Cash Flows  

See Notes to Financial Statements. 

Odyssey Group International, Inc.   

  Notes to Financial Statements   

1. Nature of Operations  

The Company is a trans-disciplinary health
and wellness product development Company involved in the discovery, development and commercialization of a broad range of health
and wellness products to improve human health. The Company has developed, and subsequent to July 31, 2014, begun marketing a product
to provide athletic enhancement products to improve the human body s function during athletic stress (Note 7). 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Use of estimates   

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) generally requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. 

Basis of accounting   

 The Company has not elected to adopt the option available under
GAAP to measure any of its eligible financial instruments or other items. Accordingly, the Company measures all of its assets and
liabilities on the historical cost basis of accounting unless otherwise required by GAAP. 

Accounts Receivable   

 Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less
an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts, if deemed necessary by management. An allowance for doubtful accounts is based on
a review of all outstanding amounts on a monthly basis. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts, if any, by identifying
troubled accounts and by using historical experience applied to an aging of accounts. No allowance for doubtful accounts was considered
necessary by management as of July 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Property and Equipment, Net    

Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. For the year ended July 31, 2016
$138 of depreciation expense was recognized. 

Net loss per share   

 Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period, without consideration for common stock equivalents.
No fully diluted loss per share is presented, because it would be anti-dilutive. 

Revenue recognition   

 The Company recognizes revenue generally when products are shipped
to its customers. Sales terms do not include significant rights of return. 

3. Product distribution rights  

The Company purchased distribution rights to sell and distribute
a new technology, CardioMap , which is an advanced technology for early non-invasive testing for heart disease. The product
distribution rights are amortized over the life of the distribution contract. 

4. Notes Payable  

As of July 31, 2016, the Company has entered into multiple convertible
promissory notes, which fully mature one year from issuance. The notes currently held by the Company mature between September 2016
and April 2017, bear interest at 12.0% annually, and the remaining unpaid balance is convertible upon maturity at the holder s
option into shares of common stock at a conversion price fixed at $0.25 per share. As of July 31, 2016, these notes have a balance
of $37,000 and may be converted into 148,000 shares of common stock upon maturity. Because the conversion feature does not meet
the criteria for characterization as a beneficial conversion feature, no portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the note
was accounted for as attributable to the conversion feature. 

As of July 31, 2016, the Company has a note payable that is subject
to periodic payments that come due based on sales. The note fully matures in January 2017, bears interest at 12.5% annually, and
the remaining unpaid balance is convertible upon maturity at the holder s option into shares of common stock at a conversion
price fixed at $0.01 per share. As of July 31, 2016, the note has a balance of $153,177 and may be converted into 15,317,700 shares
of common stock upon maturity. Because the conversion feature does not meet the criteria for characterization as a beneficial conversion
feature, no portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the note was accounted for as attributable to the conversion feature. 

5. Fair Value Measurements  

The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents and notes payable
approximate their estimated fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

6. Income Taxes  

As of July 31, 2016 and July 31, 2015, the Company has net deferred
tax assets of $137,171 and $107,030 consisting of net operating loss carryforwards that expire in 2035 and 2034 net of an effective
offsetting valuation allowance of 100%. The Company has established the valuation allowance because due to substantial uncertainty
as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern (Note 7), it is more likely than not at this time that the deferred
tax assets will not be realized within the carryforward period. 

7. Going Concern  

The Company has realized revenues of $37,452 for the year ended
July 31, 2016. The Company developed and commercialized a formula in fiscal year 2015, Fit, which improves the human body s
function during athletic stress, and is expected to have further sales of this product in 2017. In August 2014, the Company entered
into a distribution agreement for its product, Fit, and began to record its first sales of this product in the year ended July
31, 2015, but it continued to incur losses through July 31, 2016. In February 2016, the Company also entered into two distribution
agreements to sell and distribute new technologies, CardioMap  and JadeCool towels. CardioMap  is an advanced technology
for early non-invasive testing for heart disease. JadeCool towels use natural jade mineral with a microfiber technology, which
is designed to lower the ambient skin temperature when the towel is used. The Company realized its first sales of CardioMap 
and JadeCool units in 2016. As a result of these events, the Company has an operating deficit of $391,918 as of July 31, 2016.
In August 2015, the Company terminated its distribution agreement for Fit with its third-party distributor. On August 4, 2015,
the Board of Directors authorized the Company to register for international business operations, including selection of an international
manufacturer of the Company s product. The Company intends to continue domestic operations and approach other domestic distributors
to sell its Fit product. The Company is also reviewing its business model to distribute product on its own. 

These factors indicate substantial uncertainty about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans to overcome this uncertainty may include a new marketing strategy,
which may be based on informal networking and marketing efforts through cost effective social media outlets, rather than using
more traditional marketing strategies in the industry ( i.e.  infomercials and commercials). The Company may also have to
consider focusing solely on the current product to market, sell, and distribute and may not be able to research and develop other
product possibilities that may be presented to the Company. 

Item 9.  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    

None. 

Item 9A.  
       Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and the principal financial officer, we have conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report.  Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective such that the material information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission
reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers, recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms relating
to our company, particularly during the period when this report was being prepared. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. 

Internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have
a material effect on the financial statements. 

Management recognizes that there are inherent
limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal control can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material misstatements.
In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions
or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures.  

A material weakness is a significant deficiency,
or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our president, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of July
31, 2016, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 2013. Based on our evaluation under this framework, we concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was not effective as of the evaluation date due to the factors stated below. 

We assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of the evaluation date and identified the following material weaknesses: 

Insufficient Resources:  We have
an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. 

Inadequate Segregation of Duties:  We
have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. 

Lack of Audit Committee:  We do
not have a functioning audit committee, resulting in lack of independent oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures. 

We are committed to improving the internal
controls and will (1) continue to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist the Company with
accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts, which
will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel, and (3) may consider appointing additional
outside directors and audit committee members in the future. 

We have discussed the material weakness noted
above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this material weakness, there is a more than
remote likelihood that misstatements, which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements could occur that would
not be prevented or detected. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our report was not subject
to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide
only our report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting  

There have been no changes in our internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.  
       Other Information    

Not applicable. 

PART III  

Item 10.  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    

Executive Officers and Directors  

The following table sets forth information about our executive officers
and directors as of the date of this filing: 

Name   
       Age   
       Position    
 
       Executive Officers:   

Steve Miller 
     58 
     Chairman of the Board, CEO, President   
 
     James Short 
     42 
     CFO, Secretary  
 
       Directors:   

Steve Miller 
     58 
     Director  
 
     James Short 
     42 
     Director  
 
     Kevin Wiltz 
     50 
     Director  

Executive Officers   

Steve Miller  has served as our Chairman
of the Board, CEO and President and as a director of our company since our inception. See  Executive Compensation Summary
Compensation Table.  Mr. Miller has worked in the product development side of the nutraceutical industry for over fifteen
years. Since 2000, Mr. Miller has developed sales channels and supply chains worldwide as he has supported clients of Eco Scientific
Labs, where he has served as Chief Operations Officer. Mr. Miller additionally has a background in finance that enables him to
understand the financial aspects of an operating public company. Likewise, Mr. Miller has extensive experience in working with
regulatory agencies regarding distribution and product registration worldwide. 

We
believe that Mr. Miller possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as Chairman of our board of directors, including
his extensive experience in the health and wellness industry while working with and managing companies within the industry and
as a board member his knowledge about product strategies and marketing will assist the company in developing businesses. Mr. Miller
has management experience in a publicly traded company, and we believe his corporate governance practices will assist the company
in complying with legal and industry standards. 

James Short  has
served as our Secretary and as a director of our company since our inception. Mr. Short has 14 years of business experience and
has worked in numerous other functions of capital raising and structuring. Mr. Short has 14 years of experience in the health and
wellness industry. Mr. Short worked most recently as a Major Account Executive at Time Warner Cable focusing on large data applications,
Metro E, Cloud Services, Data Storage, Bulk Video and Voice Services. Prior to that, Mr. Short was a co-founder and Vice President
of Business Relations at Regeneca, Inc., a health and wellness company and was a Senior Account Executive at Dermacia, Inc., a
dermatological company. 

We believe
that Mr. Short possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as a member of our board of directors, including his extensive
experience as a business owner, investor, and roles in raising capital. Mr. Short has strong ties to the business world, and we
believe his experience will help our company develop better marketing networks and competitive marketing strategies and assist
the Company in developing capital raising efforts. 

Directors   

Kevin Wiltz  has served as a director
of our company since our inception. Mr. Wiltz has over 20 years of upper level management pertaining to Business Development for
startup companies. He has served as a Director of many small emerging companies in both the technology and nutritional industries
focusing on businesses development of sales channels.  Mr. Wiltz has sold products worldwide, emphasizing Asian markets. Since
2010, Mr. Wiltz has held a Director Position with Polar Web Media, a worldwide media agency, and currently advises clients of Polar
Web on international product distribution. We believe that Mr. Wiltz possesses specific attributes that qualify him to serve as
a member of our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics  

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies
to our directors, officers and all employees. It may be obtained free of charge by writing to Odyssey Group International, Inc.,
Attn: Chief Executive Officer, 4262 Blue Diamond Rd., Suite 102-281, Las Vegas, NV 89139. 

Board of Directors  

Our board of directors currently consists of
three members. Our bylaws permit our board of directors to establish by resolution the authorized number of directors, and three
directors are currently authorized. 

Director Independence  

Under the rules of the national securities exchanges,
a majority of a listed company s board of directors must be comprised of independent directors, and each member of a listed
company s audit, compensation, and nominating and corporate governance committees must be independent as well. Under the
same rules, a director will only qualify as an  independent director  if that company s board of directors affirmatively
determines that such director has no material relationship with that company, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer
of an organization that has a relationship with that company. 

In addition, following the effectiveness of
the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, the members of our audit committee must satisfy the independence
criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Rule 10A-3. In order to be considered
to be independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, no member of the audit committee may, other than in his capacity as a member of the
audit committee, the board of directors or any other board committee: (1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory
or other compensatory fee from the company or any of its subsidiaries or (2) be an affiliated person of the company or any of its
subsidiaries. 

None of our current directors is considered
independent. Our company is in the process of forming our audit committee, as noted by our auditors. 

Committees of our Board of Directors  

In the event that our common stock becomes listed
on a national stock exchange or an automated quotation system, we will be required to maintain audit, compensation and nominating
and corporate governance committees. We currently have no committees. Rather, the functions typically associated with audit and
other such committees are performed by our board of directors, which currently consists of three members who are not considered
independent. 

Audit Committee.     We
intend to establish an audit committee, which will consist of independent directors. The audit committee's duties would be to recommend
to the Company's board of directors the engagement of independent auditors to audit our financial statements and to review its
accounting and auditing principles. The audit committee would review the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results
of audit examinations performed by the internal auditors and independent public accountants, including their recommendations to
improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The audit committee would at all times be composed exclusively of directors
who are, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, free from any relationship which would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of financial statements and generally accepted accounting principles. 

Compensation Committee  . Our Board
of Directors does not have a standing compensation committee responsible for determining executive and director compensation. Instead,
the Board of Directors fulfills this function, and each member of the Board participates in the determination.  Given the
small size of our company and its Board and the Company's limited resources, locating, obtaining and retaining additional independent
directors is extremely difficult. In the absence of independent directors, the Board does not believe that creating a separate
compensation committee would result in any improvement in the compensation determination process.  Accordingly, the Board
of Directors has concluded that the Company and its stockholders would be best served by having the Board of Directors act in place
of a compensation committee.  When acting in this capacity, the Board does not have a charter.   

In considering and determining executive and
director compensation, our Board of Directors reviews compensation that is paid by other similar public companies to its officers
and takes that into consideration in determining the compensation to be paid to the Company s officers. The Board of Directors
also determines and approves any non-cash compensation to any employee. We have not and do not intend to engage consultants in
determining or recommending the compensation to our officers or employees. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers  

Sections 78.7502 and 78.751 of the Nevada Revised
Statutes provides that directors and officers of Nevada corporations may, under certain circumstances, be indemnified against expenses
(including attorneys  fees) and other liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by them as a result of any suit brought
against them in their capacity as a director or officer, if they acted in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, if they
had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful. Section 78.7502 of the Nevada Revised Statutes also provides that
directors and officers of Nevada corporations also may be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys  fees) actually
and reasonably incurred by them in connection with a derivative suit if they acted in good faith and in a manner that they reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification may be made without court
approval if such person was adjudged liable to the corporation. 

Article VIII of our articles of incorporation
provides that we shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, indemnify our directors, officers and
certain other persons. Article V, Section 1 of our bylaws provides that our directors, officers and certain other persons shall
be indemnified and held harmless by us to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Nevada State Law  

We may be or in the future we may become subject
to Nevada's control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada's control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at
least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and if the corporation does business in Nevada or through
an affiliated corporation. 

The law focuses on the acquisition of a  controlling
interest,  which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares is sufficient, but for the control share law to enable
the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors:
(1) one-fifth or more but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (3) a majority or more. The ability
to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. 

The effect of the control share law is that
the acquiring person, and those acting in association with that person, obtain only such voting rights in the control shares as
are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders.
The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no
authority to take away voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the
stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent
non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire
a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share law. 

If control shares are accorded full voting rights
and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other
than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights, is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder's
shares. 

Nevada's control share
law may have the effect of discouraging corporate takeovers. 

In addition to the control share law, Nevada
has a business combination law, which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and  interested
stockholders  for three years after the  interested stockholder  first becomes an  interested stockholder 
unless the corporation's board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an  interested
stockholder  is any person who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power
of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within
the three previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then
outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term  business combination  is sufficiently broad to cover
virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential acquirer to use the corporation's assets to finance the acquisition
or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders. 

The effect of Nevada's
business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of the company from doing so if it cannot
obtain the approval of our Board of Directors. 

Family Relationships  

There are no family relationships among the
directors and executive officers of our company. 

Conflicts of Interest  

There are no conflicts
of interest with any officers, directors or executive staff. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

To the best of our knowledge, during the past
five years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director or executive officer of the company: (1) any
bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject
to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order,
judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of any competent jurisdiction, permanently or
temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
activities; and (4) being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission
or the commodities futures trading commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment
has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Item 11.  
       Executive Compensation    

Summary Compensation Table  

The following Summary Compensation Table provides
certain summary information concerning the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and our other two highest compensated executive
officers. 

____________ 

 _________________ 

(1) 
     All employees have agreed to defer salary payments until we have raised additional capital. All salary will accrue and be paid either in cash or stock, at the employee s election. If an employee elects to receive shares of our stock in lieu of cash, the number of shares will be determined based upon the fair market value on the date the employee notifies us of such election. Excludes other compensation in the form of perquisites and other personal benefits that constitute less than $10,000.   

(2) 
     In fiscal year 2016, we have agreed to pay the following salaries: Steve Miller, $6,000; James Short, $6,000; and Kevin Wiltz, $-0-.  

Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table  

We review compensation annually for all of our
employees, including our executives. In setting executive base salaries and bonuses and granting equity incentive awards, we consider
compensation for comparable positions in the market, the historical compensation levels of our executives, individual performance
as compared to our expectations and objectives, our desire to motivate our employees to achieve short- and long-term results that
are in the best interests of our stockholders, and a long-term commitment to our company. We do not target a specific competitive
position or a specific mix of compensation among base salary, bonus or long-term incentives. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Year-End  

We did not have any outstanding awards of equity
securities as of the end of the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016. We have not adopted any equity compensation plans and have not
made any awards of equity to any individual during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016. 

Employment Agreements  

We currently have no written employment agreements
with any of our named executive officers or other employees. 

Pension Benefits   

We currently do not maintain any pension plan
or arrangement under which our named executive officers are entitled to participate or receive post-retirement benefits. 

Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation  

We currently do not maintain any nonqualified
deferred compensation plan or arrangement under which our named executive officers are entitled to participate. 

Employee Benefit Plans  

We currently do not maintain any employee benefit
plan of any kind for our employees. 

Compensation of Directors  

At this time, members of our company s
directors are not entitled to compensation for service on our company s board of directors, nor on any other committee thereof.
In addition, they may be reimbursed for certain expenses in connection with attendance at meetings of our company s board
of directors and committees thereof. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
Matters  

Our articles of incorporation contain provisions
that limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws authorize
our company to provide indemnification to our directors and officers and persons who are or were serving at our request as a director,
officer, manager or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws also authorize our company,
by action of our board of directors, to provide indemnification to employees and agents of our company and persons who are serving
or did serve at our request as an employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, limited liability company, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise with the same scope and effect as provided to our directors and officers as described above. 

Our company has not entered into any indemnification
agreement with any of its directors or officers. 

No pending litigation or proceeding involving
a director, officer, employee or other agent of our company currently exists as to which indemnification is being sought. We are
not aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director, officer, employee or other
agent of our company. 

We anticipate obtaining director and officer
liability insurance with respect to possible director and officer liabilities arising out of certain matters, including matters
arising under the Securities Act. See  Disclosure of SEC Position on Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities.  

Item 12.  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters    

Beneficial ownership
is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Each stockholder s percentage of beneficial ownership as of
November 2, 2016 set forth in the following table is based on 114,750,000 shares of our common stock outstanding at
the date of this prospectus. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the principal address
of each of the stockholders below is c/o Odyssey Group International, Inc., 4262 Blue Diamond Rd., Suite 102-281, Las Vegas,
NV 89139. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have
sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock held by them. 

________________ 

 *  Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC that generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power
and/or investment power with respect to those securities. Common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this prospectus are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person
or group holding such options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of such person or group but are
not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person or group. Unless otherwise
indicated, voting and investment power are exercised solely by the person named above or shared with members of such person s
household. 

 **  Percent of class is calculated on the basis of the
number of shares outstanding on the date of this prospectus plus the number of shares the person has the right to acquire within
60 days of the date of this prospectus. 

(1)   
     Includes 25,000,000 shares owned of record by EcoScientific, Inc. which is beneficially owned by Mr. Miller.   

(2)   
     Includes 50,000 shares issued to Mr. Short s spouse, over which he disclaims beneficial ownership.   

(3)  
     Market Group International is 100% owned beneficially and of record by Robert VanBoren.   

(4)  
     Adwin LLC is 100% owned beneficially and of record by Pablo Penaloza.   

(5)  
     Regal Growth, LLC is 100% owned beneficially and of record by Grace Reininger.   

(6)  
     The Company issued 100,000,000 shares of common stock in total to four parties to acquire all of the proprietary rights in and to the formula called  Fit.  25,000,000 shares of common stock were issued to each EcoScientific, Inc., Market Group International, Adwin LLC, and Regal Growth, LLC in exchange for their interest in the formula.   

We have not authorized any securities for issuance
under equity compensation plans. 

Item 13.  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    

Related Party Transactions  

None. 

Director Independence  

Our board of directors has adopted the definition
of  independence  as described under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) Section 301, Rule 10A-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As of the date of this prospectus, none of our directors satisfies these independence conditions. 

Interests of Named Experts and Counsel  

Christopher A. Wilson, Esq., a partner in the
law firm Wilson   Oskam, LLP, owns 35,000 shares of our common stock. 

Item 14.  
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services    

The following table sets forth fees related
to services performed by Piercy Bowler Taylor   Kern for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015: 

(1) 
     Audit fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our financial statements and review of our quarterly financial statements.  

(2) 
     Tax fees principally included tax advice, tax planning and tax return preparation.  

(3) 
     Other fees related to registration statement reviews and comments.  

The Board of Directors has reviewed and discussed
with the Company's management and independent registered public accounting firm the audited financial statements of the Company
contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Company's 2016 fiscal year. The Board has also discussed with the
auditors the matters required to be discussed pursuant to SAS No. 61 (Codification of Statements on Auditing Standards, AU Section
380), which includes, among other items, matters related to the conduct of the audit of the Company's financial statements. 

The Board has received and reviewed the written
disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by Independence Standards Board Standard
No. 1 (Independence Discussions with Audit Committees), and has discussed with its auditors its independence from the Company.
The Board has considered whether the provision of services other than audit services is compatible with maintaining auditor independence. 

Based on the review and discussions referred
to above, the Board approved the inclusion of the audited financial statements be included in the Company's Annual Report on Form
10-K for its 2016 fiscal year for filing with the SEC. 

Pre-Approval Policies  

The Board's policy is now to pre-approve all
audit services and all permitted non-audit services (including the fees and terms thereof) to be provided by the Company's independent
registered public accounting firm; provided, however, pre-approval requirements for non-audit services are not required if all
such services (1) do not aggregate to more than five percent of total revenues paid by the Company to its accountant in the fiscal
year when services are provided; (2) were not recognized as non-audit services at the time of the engagement; and (3) are promptly
brought to the attention of the Board and approved prior to the completion of the audit. 

PART IV  

___________ 

 *  Filed herewith. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, as of November 2, 2016. 

ODYSSEY GROUP INTERNATIONAL, INC.   

By:  /s/ Steve Miller                                
         Steve Miller                               
         Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  /s/ James Short                                
         James Short                 
         Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)   

In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

Signature   
       
       Title   
       
       Date    

/s/Steve Miller  
       
     Chief Executive Officer, President, Director 
       
     November 2, 2016   
 
     Steve Miller 
       
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/James Short  
       
     Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Director 
       
     November 2, 2016  
 
     James Short 
       
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/Kevin Wiltz  
       
     Director 
       
     November 2, 2016  
 
     Kevin Wiltz 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 odyssey_10k-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Steve Miller, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form
10-K of Odyssey Group International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

/s/
    Steve Miller   

Steve Miller    

Chief Executive
        Officer  
          (Principal Executive
        Officer)    
 
 Date: November 2, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 odyssey_10k-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, James Short, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Form
10-K of Odyssey Group International, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

/s/ James Short   

James Short    

Chief Financial Officer  
          (Principal Financial Officer)    
 
 Date: November 2, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.2>
 4
 odyssey_10k-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification Pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350  

In connection with the
Annual Report of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on or about the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, James Short, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written
statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/James Short   

James Short    

Chief Financial Officer    
 
 Date: November 2, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 odyssey_10k-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification Pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350  

In connection with the
Annual Report of Odyssey Group International, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on or about the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Steve Miller, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written
statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/Steve
    Miller   

Steve Miller    

Chief Executive Officer    
 
 Date: November 2, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 none-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 none-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 none-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 none-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 none-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 none-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

