<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1559865_0001193125-16-758906_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5497101</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>201188</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>315183</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1010544</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2298825</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1398141</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-758906.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103163407
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-758906
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVERTEC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001559865
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				660783622
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35872
		FILM NUMBER:		161972147

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CUPEY CENTER BUILDING
		STREET 2:		ROAD 176, KM 1.3
		CITY:			RIO PIEDRAS
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00926
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(787) 759-9999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 364527
		CITY:			SAN JUAN
		STATE:			PR
		ZIP:			00936-4527

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-758906.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d228284d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, DC 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  For the transition period from                  to
                      COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 001-35872
            
  EVERTEC, Inc.      (EXACT
NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)        

Puerto Rico  
   
  66-0783622   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. employer  
  identification number)    

Cupey Center Building, Road 176, Kilometer 1.3,  
  San Juan, Puerto Rico   
   
  00926   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    (787) 759-9999   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
  Not applicable      (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer   
   
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
    
   Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.    At October 28, 2016, there were 73,256,772 outstanding shares of common stock
of EVERTEC, Inc.          

Table of Contents  

   Explanatory Note   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (this  Form 10-Q ) is being filed by EVERTEC, Inc. ( EVERTEC ,
 we,   us ,  our ,  our Company  and the  Company ) subsequent to the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on May 26, 2016 (the  2015 Form 10-K ), to meet the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  
 On March 17, 2016, Management and the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors concluded that our Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended
December 31, 2014 and 2013 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014, and as of the end of and for each quarterly period in 2014 and 2015 should no longer be relied upon and should be restated.  
 The 2015 Form 10-K includes restated audited results as of and for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, as well as restated unaudited condensed
consolidated financial information for the quarterly periods in 2015 and 2014, which we refer to as the Restatement. Our consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 included in the 2015 Form 10-K
have been restated from the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014.    The
Restatement corrects material errors involved with the accounting for tax positions taken in the 2010 tax year. The Restatement corrects an error in the recognition of a deferred tax asset originating from 2010 tax deductions and the corresponding
net operating loss for transaction costs that were based on an uncertain tax position and corrects an error related to the accounting for 2010 debt issuance cost tax deductions based on an uncertain tax position that affected book tax temporary
differences and differences in the applicable tax rates over the affected period. These differences impacted deferred tax liability calculations over the affected period. The Restatement also establishes a liability for potential tax liabilities
including penalties and interest related to these uncertain tax positions. In the third quarter of 2015, the liability for exposure to potential tax, interest and penalties with respect to the referenced 2010 debt issuance cost deductions was
reversed in full as the related statute of limitations expired in such period. This tax liability reversal triggered recognition of a tax benefit of $11.8 million in the third quarter of 2015.  
 The Restatement also corrects other miscellaneous insignificant accounting errors. These errors, individually and in the aggregate, would not have required a
restatement.    The interim unaudited financial information for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2015 contained herein are presented on
a restated basis, consistent with the restated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 contained in the 2015 Form 10-K, and reflects corrections that were made during the Restatement process impacting such periods.
   For more information on the matters that led to the Restatement and data previously reported, see Note 2  Restatement of Previously Reported
Financial Information  to our unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements contained herein.      

Table of Contents  

     TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page   

Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
   
   Financial Statements  

Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015   

1 

Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (As restated)   

2 

Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   

3 

Unaudited Consolidated Condensed 
Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (As restated)   

4 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements   

5 

Item 2.  
   
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations   

21 

Item 3.  
   
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   

33 

Item 4.  
   
    Controls and Procedures   

34 

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION    

35 

Item 1.  
   
    Legal Proceedings   

35 

Item 1A.  
   
    Risk Factors   

35 

Item 2.  
   
    Unregistered Sales of Equity in Securities and Use of Proceeds   

35 

Item 3.  
   
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

35 

Item 4.  
   
    Mine Safety Disclosures   

35 

Item 5.  
   
    Other Information   

35 

Item 6.  
   
    Exhibits   

36 

SIGNATURES    

37 

Table of Contents  

   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of, and subject to the protection of, the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  believes,   expects,   may,   estimates,   will,   should, 
 plans  or  anticipates  or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. Readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance and may involve significant risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may vary materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Among the factors that significantly impact our business and
could impact our business in the future are:      

the effect of the Restatement of our previously issued financial results for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 as described in Note 2 to the quarterly unaudited financial statements, and any claims,
investigations or proceedings arising as a result;        

the effectiveness of our efforts to remediate the material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting described in Item 4 of this Quarterly Report and our ability to maintain effective internal
controls and procedures in the future;        

our reliance on our relationship with Popular, Inc. ( Popular ) for a significant portion of our revenues and with Banco Popular de Puerto Rico ( Banco Popular ), Popular s principal banking
subsidiary, to grow our merchant acquiring business;        

for as long as we are deemed to be controlled by Popular, we will be subject to supervision and examination by U.S. federal banking regulators, and our activities will be limited to those permissible for Popular.
Furthermore, as a technology service provider to regulated financial institutions, we are subject to additional regulatory oversight and examination. As a regulated institution, we most likely will be required to obtain regulatory approval before
engaging in certain new activities or businesses, whether organically or by acquisition;        

our ability to renew our client contracts on terms favorable to us;        

our dependence on our processing systems, technology infrastructure, security systems and fraudulent payment detection systems, as well as on our personnel and certain third parties with whom we do business, and the
risks to our business if our systems are hacked or otherwise compromised;        

our ability to develop, install and adopt new software, technology and computing systems;        

a decreased client base due to consolidations and failures in the financial services industry;        

the credit risk of our merchant clients, for which we may also be liable;        

the continuing market position of the ATH network;        

a reduction in consumer confidence, whether as a result of a global economic downturn or otherwise, which leads to a decrease in consumer spending;    

our dependence on credit card associations, including any adverse changes in credit card association or network rules or fees;        

changes in the regulatory environment and changes in international, legal, political, administrative or economic conditions;        

the geographical concentration of our business in Puerto Rico, including our business with the government of Puerto Rico, which is facing severe fiscal challenges;    

additional adverse changes in the general economic conditions in Puerto Rico, including the continued migration of Puerto Ricans to the U.S. mainland, which could negatively affect our customer base, general consumer
spending, our cost of operations and our ability to hire and retain qualified employees;        

operating an international business in multiple regions with potential political and economic instability, including Latin America;        

our ability to execute our geographic expansion and acquisition strategies;        

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights against infringement and to defend ourselves against claims of infringement brought by third parties;    

our ability to recruit and retain the qualified personnel necessary to operate our business;        

our ability to comply with U.S. federal, state, local and foreign regulatory requirements;        

evolving industry standards and adverse changes in global economic, political and other conditions;        

our high level of indebtedness and restrictions contained in our debt agreements, including the senior secured credit facilities, as well as debt that could be incurred in the future;    

our ability to prevent a cybersecurity attack or breach in our information security;    

Table of Contents  

our ability to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness and to generate future profits;        

our ability to refinance our debt;        

our exposure to climate risks in Puerto Rico;        

the risk that the counterparty to our interest rate swap agreement fails to satisfy its obligations under the agreement, and        

other factors discussed in this Report, included in the section titled  Risk Factors.       These
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. The Company does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any
obligation, to update any of the  forward-looking statements  to reflect occurrences or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements except as required by the federal securities laws. Investors should refer to
the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ) for a discussion of factors that could cause events to differ from those suggested by the forward-looking statements, including factors set forth
in the sections entitled  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .      

Table of Contents  

     EVERTEC, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets   
  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except for share information)   
       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements.
 
      1  

Table of Contents  

     EVERTEC, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statements of Income and Comprehensive
Income      (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share information)   
       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements.
 
      2  

Table of Contents  

     EVERTEC, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statement of Changes in
Stockholders  Equity      (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share information)   
       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements.
 
      3  

Table of Contents  

     EVERTEC, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   
  (Dollar amounts in thousands)       
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements.
 
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements

Note 1   The Company and Basis of Presentation   

6 

Note 2   Restatement of Previously Reported Financial
Information   

6 

Note 3   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

9 

Note 4   Property and Equipment, net   

10 

Note 5   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets   

10 

Note 6   Debt and Short-Term Borrowings   

11 

Note 7   Financial Instruments and Fair Value
Measurements   

13 

Note 8   Equity   

15 

Note 9   Share-based Compensation   

15 

Note 10   Income Tax   

16 

Note 11   Net Income Per Common Share   

17 

Note 12   Commitments and Contingencies   

18 

Note 13   Related Party Transactions   

18 

Note 14   Segment Information   

19 

Note 15   Subsequent Events   

20 

5  

Table of Contents  

     Note 1   The Company and Basis of Presentation   
  The Company     EVERTEC, Inc. (formerly known as Carib Latam
Holdings, Inc.) and its subsidiaries (collectively the  Company,  or  EVERTEC ) is a leading full-service transaction processing business in Latin America and the Caribbean. The Company is based in Puerto Rico and provides a
broad range of merchant acquiring, payment processing and business process management services across 18 countries in the region. EVERTEC owns and operates the ATH network, one of the leading automated teller machine ( ATM ) and personal
identification number ( PIN ) debit networks in Latin America. In addition, EVERTEC provides a comprehensive suite of services for core bank processing, cash processing and technology outsourcing in the regions the Company serves. EVERTEC
serves a broad and diversified customer base of leading financial institutions, merchants, corporations and government agencies with solutions that are essential to their operations, enabling them to issue, process and accept transactions securely.
    Basis of Presentation     The unaudited consolidated
condensed financial statements of EVERTEC have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The preparation of the accompanying unaudited consolidated condensed
financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements. Actual results could differ from these
estimates.    Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or
omitted from these statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC and, accordingly, these consolidated condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for
the year ended December 31, 2015, included in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. In the opinion of management, the accompanying consolidated condensed financial statements, prepared in accordance with GAAP, contain all adjustments necessary for
a fair presentation. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.       Note 2
  Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Information     This Note 2 to the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements discloses the
nature of the restatement matters and adjustments and shows the impact of the restatement for the quarter and nine month period ended September 30, 2015, which is referred to as the Restatement.  
 The Restatement corrects material errors involved with the accounting for tax positions taken in the 2010 tax year. The Restatement corrects an error in the
recognition of a deferred tax asset originating from 2010 tax deductions and the corresponding net operating loss for transaction costs that were based on an uncertain tax position and corrects an error related to the accounting for 2010 debt
issuance cost tax deductions based on an uncertain tax position that affected book tax temporary differences and differences in the applicable tax rates over the affected period. These differences impacted deferred tax liability calculations over
the affected period. The Restatement also establishes a liability for potential tax liabilities including penalties and interest related to these uncertain tax positions. In the third quarter of 2015, the liability for exposure to potential tax,
interest and penalties with respect to the referenced 2010 debt issuance cost deductions was reversed in full as the related statute of limitations expired in such period. This tax liability reversal triggered recognition of a tax benefit of $11.8
million in the third quarter of 2015.    The Restatement also corrects other miscellaneous insignificant accounting errors. These errors, individually and
in the aggregate, would not have required a restatement.      Restatement Background - Restatement adjustments needed to correct errors in accounting
for 2010 uncertain tax positions      During the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015, Management
became aware of a potential misapplication of  Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740 Income Taxes  (  ASC 740  ) in relation to the accounting for the tax benefit of certain 2010 transaction costs associated with the
acquisition in September 2010 when Apollo acquired a 51% indirect ownership interest in EVERTEC as part of a merger (the  Merger ). Certain transaction costs were deducted for tax purposes, increasing the Company s net operating loss
and the corresponding deferred tax asset ( DTA ) by $14.3 million at December 31, 2010. In accordance with ASC 740 if a tax deduction is not more likely than not of being sustained upon examination by the tax authority, based on its
technical merits, a liability must be recognized to reflect the potential obligation to the taxing authority, including penalties and interest. Upon review, Management determined that its original conclusion that the tax benefit of the 2010
transaction cost tax deductions was not an uncertain tax position was incorrect. This erroneous conclusion created a material error requiring a restatement of prior periods.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  As part of its restatement preparation and diligence, Management reviewed the accounting for tax positions taken
with respect to the amount and timing of tax deductions for 2010 debt issuance costs. Those costs were deducted entirely in 2010. Upon review, Management concluded that the immediate deduction of these costs represented an uncertain tax position. As
the deduction was not accounted for as an uncertain tax position, Management concluded there was an error that required correction. In order to correct this error, Management determined the portion of the debt issuance costs that were more likely
than not of being allowed as a deduction in 2010 and calculated the resulting liability for unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2010 and subsequent periods. A liability was established for potential tax liabilities including penalties and
interest related to the uncertain tax position over the period of exposure. In the third quarter of 2015, the liability for exposure to potential tax, interest and penalties with respect to the 2010 debt issuance cost deduction was reversed in full
as the related statute of limitations expired in such period. This tax liability reversal triggered recognition of a tax benefit of $11.8 million in the third quarter of 2015.  
 The Restatement reflects the accounting for the referenced 2010 tax deductions as uncertain tax positions following ASC 740 and its impact on the affected
years through 2014.      Other insignificant corrective adjustments    
 In addition to the above Restatement adjustments, Management elected to correct previously uncorrected misstatements included within Management s Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 99 ( SAB 99 ) analysis wherein individual insignificant adjustments are tracked, aggregated and measured for purposes of determining whether in the aggregate such errors are material for the years ended December 31,
2014 and 2013 and for adjustments that affect the beginning balance as of January 1, 2013.    A brief summary of the restatement adjustments and the
referenced SAB 99 corrective adjustments and other insignificant miscellaneous adjustments is described below and reflected and quantified, as applicable, in the table below. The adjustments are cross-referenced to the table below.  
   Restatement Adjustments (a)    
  Accounting for uncertain tax positions related to 2010 tax deductions    The Company corrected an error to reflect an uncertain tax position with
respect to a 2010 tax deduction for certain transaction costs that increased the net operating loss and related DTA. The tax position created a $14.3 million increase to the deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2010. The deferred tax asset was
based on a tax position that did not meet the required recognition threshold under ASC 740 of more likely than not of being sustained upon examination. Thus, the Company has derecognized the deferred tax asset in accordance with ASC 740 and, in
addition, established a reserve for the exposure to potential penalties and interest. The Company corrected an error pertaining to the accounting for a 2010 tax deduction for debt issuance costs, the timing of which constituted an uncertain tax
position. To correct the error over the restatement period, the Company established a reserve for potential penalties and interest due to the premature deduction of the costs. This reserve was reversed in the third quarter of 2015 as the statute of
limitations lapsed in such period. In addition the Company calculated the tax impact of the other corrective adjustments related to revenue and expenses detailed below.  
   Other insignificant corrective adjustments        

1. 
  Revenue recognition  The Company corrected errors related to revenue recognition of certain multiple element arrangements, by deferring certain revenues and recognizing such revenues over the expected
customer life in accordance with ASC 605-25, Revenue Recognition-Multiple Element Arrangements.        

2. 
  Cost of revenues and intangible assets  The Company corrected certain errors related to the timing of capitalization of internally developed software.    

3. 
  Cost of revenues and deferred costs  The Company corrected the timing of expense recognition pertaining to certain completed projects for which costs had been previously deferred and not timely recognized on
the income statement at completion.        

4. 
  Compensation expense  The Company corrected an error related to the timing of recognition of certain termination agreements with former employees.    

5. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses and Cost of revenues  The Company corrected the timing of recognition of certain adjustments to loss exposure for medical insurance.    
      7  

Table of Contents  

  The table below summarizes the effects of the Restatement adjustments and reclassifications on the unaudited
consolidated condensed statement of income for the quarter and nine month period ended September 30, 2015:      
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The Restatement adjustments affecting the unaudited consolidated condensed statement of cash flows for the nine
month period ended September 30, 2015 are insignificant and predominantly included in the Company s net income from operations, offset by non-cash adjustments to net income and changes in operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash
adjustments include adjustments to deferred taxes and the other corrective adjustments described in the table above and in Note 1 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2015 Form 10-K. There were no significant adjustments
related to cash used in investing and financing activities.       Note 3   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements     The Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) has issued the following accounting pronouncements and guidance relevant to the Company s operations:    In August
2016, the FASB issued updated guidance for the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this update provide specific guidance for the classification of eight issues: debt prepayment
or extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after
a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of an insurance claim; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees;
beneficial interests in securitization transactions; and separately identifiable cash flows and applications of the predominance principle. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the
beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The amendments in this Update should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each
period presented. If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements, if any.    In October 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance for tax
treatment of intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. Current GAAP prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. The Board decided
that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. Consequently, the amendments in this Update eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an
asset other than inventory. The amendments in this Update do not include new disclosure requirements; however, existing disclosure requirements might be applicable when accounting for the current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity
transfer of an asset other than inventory. For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting
periods. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been issued or made available for issuance. The amendments in this Update should be
applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its
consolidated financial statements.    In October 2016, the FASB issued updated guidance for the consolidation of variable interest entities
( VIEs ) for which interests are held through related parties that are under common control. The amendments in this Update affect reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate a VIE within the Variable
Interest Entities Subsections of Subtopic 810-10, Consolidation Overall, in certain situations involving entities under common control. Specifically, the amendments change the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary
of a VIE by changing how a reporting entity that is a single decision maker of a VIE treats indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity. The amendments in this Update are
effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the
amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated
financial statements, if any.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

     Note 4   Property and Equipment, net   
 Property and equipment, net consists of the following:      
   Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
amounted to $3.7 million and $10.5 million, respectively, compared to $3.9 million and $11.3 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015.      
 Note 5   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets     The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, allocated by reportable segments, were as
follows (See Note 13):      
   Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate there may
be impairment. The goodwill impairment test is a two-step process at each reporting unit level. The first step ( Step 1 ) compares the estimated fair value of the reporting units to their carrying values, including goodwill. If the fair
value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired and the second step of the impairment test is unnecessary. If needed, the second step ( Step 2 ) consists of comparing the
implied fair value of the reporting units with the carrying amount of that goodwill. There were no triggering events or changes in circumstances that, subsequent to the impairment test, would have required an additional impairment evaluation. No
impairment losses were recognized for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The carrying amount of other intangible assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows:  
   
   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded amortization expense related to other intangibles
of $11.3 million and $34.0 million, respectively, compared to $13.0 million and $38.4 million for the corresponding 2015 periods.   The estimated
amortization expense of the balances outstanding at September 30, 2016 for the next five years is as follows:      
      Note 6   Debt and Short-Term Borrowings   
 Total debt at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 follows:      

(3) 
 Net of unaccreted discount and unamortized debt issue costs.    
      11  

Table of Contents  

   Senior Secured Credit Facilities   
  Term A Loan     As of September 30, 2016, the unpaid
principal balance of the Term A Loan was $249.4 million. The Term A Loan requires principal payments on the last business day of each quarter equal to (a) 1.250% of the original principal amount commencing on September 30, 2013 through June 30,
2016; (b) 1.875% of the original principal amount from September 30, 2016 through June 30, 2017; (c) 2.50% of the original principal amount from September 30, 2017 through March 31, 2018; and (d) the remaining outstanding principal amount on the
maturity of the Term A Loan on April 17, 2018. Interest is based on EVERTEC Group LLC s ( EVERTEC Group ) first lien secured net leverage ratio and payable at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (a) LIBOR Rate plus
an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 2.50%, or (b) Base Rate, as defined in the 2013 Credit Agreement, plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.50%. Term A Loan has no LIBOR or Base Rate minimum or floor.  
  Term B Loan     As of September 30, 2016, the unpaid
principal balance of the Term B Loan was $387.0 million. The Term B Loan requires principal payments on the last business day of each quarter equal to 0.250% of the original principal amount commencing on September 30, 2013 and the remaining
outstanding principal amount on the maturity of the Term B Loan on April 17, 2020. Interest is based on EVERTEC Group s first lien secured net leverage ratio and payable at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (a) LIBOR Rate
plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.50% to 2.75%, or (b) Base Rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.50% to 1.75%. The LIBOR Rate and Base Rate are subject to floors of 0.75% and 1.75%, respectively.  
  Revolving Credit Facility     The revolving credit facility
has an available balance up to $100.0 million, with an interest rate on loans calculated the same as the applicable Term A Loan rate. The facility matures on April 17, 2018 and has a  commitment fee  payable one business day after the last
business day of each quarter calculated based on the daily unused commitment during the preceding quarter. The commitment fee for the unused portion of this facility ranges from 0.125% to 0.375% and is based on EVERTEC Group s first lien
secured net leverage ratio. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance of the revolving credit facility was $16.0 million.    All loans may be
prepaid without premium or penalty.    The senior secured credit facilities contain various restrictive covenants. The Term A Loan and the revolving credit
facility (subject to certain exceptions) require us to maintain on a quarterly basis a specified maximum senior secured leverage ratio of up to 6.60 to 1.00 as defined in the 2013 Credit Agreement (total first lien secured debt to adjusted EBITDA).
In addition, the 2013 Credit Agreement, among other things: (a) limits our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments and enter into certain
transactions with affiliates; (b) restricts our ability to enter into agreements that would limit the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make certain payments to us; and (c) places restrictions on our ability and the ability of our
subsidiaries to merge or consolidate with any other person or sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets.  
  Credit Amendment fees     During the second quarter of 2016,
in connection with the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facilities, EVERTEC Group, together with certain other direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a second amendment and waiver to the outstanding Credit Agreement. The
Company paid each lender that consented to the amendment a fee equal to 0.50% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding term loans and revolving commitments held by such lender. The credit amendment fees paid during the second quarter of 2016
amounted to $3.6 million.     Notes payable     In December
2014, June 2015 and May 2016, EVERTEC Group entered into non-interest bearing financing agreements amounting to $4.6 million, $1.1 million, and $0.7 million, respectively, to purchase software. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding principal
balance of the notes payable is $2.9 million. The current portion of these notes is recorded as part of accounts payable and the long-term portion is included in other long-term liabilities.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

    Interest Rate Swap    
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company has entered into the following interest rate swap transaction converting a portion of the interest rate exposure on our
Term B loan from variable to fixed:      
   The Company has accounted for this transaction as a cash flow hedge. The fair value of the Company s derivative
instruments is determined using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these models are readily available in public markets, or can be derived from observable market transactions, and therefore have been classified as Level 2.
Inputs used in these standard valuation models for derivative instruments include the applicable forward rates and discount rates.    As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying amount of the derivative on the Company s balance sheet is as follows:      
   The cash flow hedge is considered highly effective and no impact on earnings is expected due to hedge ineffectiveness.  
    Note 7   Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements   
  Recurring Fair Value Measurements     Fair value measurement
provisions establish a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. This guidance describes three levels of input that may be used to
measure fair value:     Level 1 : Inputs are unadjusted, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets at the
measurement date.     Level 2 : Inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, which are observable for the asset or liability
through corroboration with market data at the measurement date.     Level 3 : Unobservable inputs that reflect management s best
estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.    The Company uses observable inputs when
available. Fair value is based upon quoted market prices when available. If market prices are not available, the Company may employ internally-developed models that mostly use market-based inputs including yield curves, interest rates, volatilities,
and credit curves, among others. The Company limits valuation adjustments to those deemed necessary to ensure that the financial instrument s fair value adequately represents the price that would be received or paid in the marketplace.
Valuation adjustments may include consideration of counterparty credit quality and liquidity as well as other criteria. The estimated fair value amounts are subjective in nature and may involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment for
certain financial instruments. Changes in the underlying assumptions used in estimating fair value could affect the results. The fair value measurement levels are not indicative of risk of investment.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the fair value measurement by level at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
for the liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis:      
   The fair value of financial instruments is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time based on the type of financial instrument and relevant market information. Many of these estimates
involve various assumptions and may vary significantly from amounts that could be realized in actual transactions.    For those financial instruments with
no quoted market prices available, fair values have been estimated using present value calculations or other valuation techniques, as well as management s best judgment with respect to current economic conditions, including discount rates and
estimates of future cash flows.    The following table presents the carrying value, as applicable, and estimated fair values for financial instruments at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   The fair value of the senior secured term loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were obtained using the
prices provided by third party service providers. Their pricing is based on various inputs such as: market quotes, recent trading activity in a non-active market or imputed prices. Also, the pricing may include the use of an algorithm that could
take into account movement in the general high yield market, among other variants. The unpaid principal balance of Term Loan A as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $249.4 million and $262.5 million, respectively, while the unpaid
principal balance of the Term Loan B was $387.0 million and $390.0 million for the same periods, respectively.    The senior secured term loans, which are
not measured at fair value in the balance sheets, would be categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

     Note 8   Equity   
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive loss     The following table
provides a summary of the changes in the balances of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016:      
      Note 9   Share-based Compensation   
  Long-term Incentive Plan     In the first quarter of 2015,
the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved grants of restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to executives and certain employees pursuant to the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Program ( 2015 LTIP ) under the terms of our
2013 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the 2015 LTIP, the Company granted restricted stock units to eligible participants as time-based awards and/or performance-based awards.  
 In the first quarter of 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved grants of RSUs to executives and certain employees pursuant to the
2016 Long-Term Incentive Program ( 2016 LTIP ) under the terms of our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the 2016 LTIP, the Company granted restricted stock units to eligible participants as time-based awards and/or performance-based
awards.    The vesting of the RSUs is dependent upon service, market, and/or performance conditions as defined in the grants. Employees that received
time-based awards with service conditions are entitled to receive a specific number of shares of the Company s common stock on the vesting date if the employee is providing services to the Company on the vesting date. Time-based awards vest
over a period of three years in substantially equal installments commencing on the start of the fiscal year during which the RSUs were granted or on the grant date and ending on January 1st of each year for the 2015 LTIP and on mid-February of each
year for the 2016 LTIP. Employees that received awards with market conditions are entitled to receive a specific number of shares of the Company s common stock on the vesting date if the Company s total shareholder return ( TSR )
target relative to a specified group of industry peer companies is achieved. Employees that received awards with performance conditions are entitled to receive a specific number of shares of the Company s common stock on the vesting date if the
Compound Annual Growth Rate ( CAGR ) of Diluted EPS target is achieved. Performance and market-based awards vest at the end of the performance period which commenced on the start of the fiscal year during which the RSUs were granted or on
the grant date and ends on January 1, 2018 for the 2015 LTIP and on February 19, 2019 for the 2016 LTIP. Awards are forfeited if the employee voluntarily ceases to be employed by the Company prior to vesting.  
 The following table summarizes the stock options activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  
   
   Management uses the fair value method of recording stock-based compensation as described in the guidance for stock
compensation in ASC topic 718.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes nonvested restricted shares and RSUs activity for the nine months ended September
30, 2016:      
   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $1.2 million and $4.6 million and $1.6
million and $3.7 million of share-based compensation expense, respectively.    As of September 30, 2016, the maximum unrecognized cost for restricted stocks
and RSU s was $11.4 million. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.01 years. Unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to stock options for the same period is minor and is expected to be
recognized over the next year.       Note 10   Income Tax   
 The components of income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:  
   
   The Company conducts operations in Puerto Rico and certain countries in Latin America. As a result, the income tax expense
includes the effect of taxes paid to the Puerto Rico government as well as foreign jurisdictions. The following table presents the components of income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and its segregation
based on location of operations:      
   Taxes payable to foreign countries by EVERTEC s subsidiaries will be paid by such subsidiary and the corresponding
liability and expense will be presented in EVERTEC s consolidated financial statements.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, the gross deferred tax asset amounted to $5.0 million and the gross deferred tax
liability amounted to $21.1 million, compared to $3.5 million and $22.4 million as of December 31, 2015.    The Company estimates that it is reasonably
possible that the liability for uncertain tax position relating to the net operating loss created by transaction costs will decrease by no more than $4.5 million in the next twelve months as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations.
   Pursuant to the provision of the PR Code, net operating losses ( NOL ) can be carried forward for a period of seven, ten or twelve taxable
years, depending on the taxable year generated. Act 72 of May 29, 2015, limited the amount of NOLs deduction to 80% for regular tax and 70% for AMT. At September 30, 2016, the Company has $7.0 million NOL carryforwards for tax purposes
available to offset future taxable income. As a result of certain realization requirements of ASC 718, gross deferred tax assets do not include the windfall tax benefit as of September 30, 2016, that arose directly from tax deductions related to
equity compensation greater than compensation recognized for financial reporting. Equity will be increased by $4.2 million if and when such windfall tax benefits are ultimately realized. The Company uses tax law ordering when determining when
windfall tax benefits have been realized.    Income tax expense differs from the amount computed by applying the Puerto Rico statutory income tax rate to
the income before income taxes as a result of the following:      
      Note 11   Net Income Per Common Share   
 The reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the income per common share is as follows:  

(1)  
   Potential common shares consist of common stock issuable under the assumed exercise of stock options and restricted stock awards using the treasury stock method.
     On February 17, 2016, our Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share of common stock, which was paid on
March 17, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 29, 2016. On May 11, 2016, our Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share of common stock, which was paid on June 10, 2016 to stockholders of
record as of the close of business on May 23, 2016. On July 28, 2016, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share of common stock, which was paid on September 2, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on
August 9, 2016.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

     Note 12   Commitments and Contingencies   
 Certain lease agreements contain provisions for future rent increases. The total amount of rental payments due over the lease term is being charged to rent
expense on the straight-line method over the term of the lease. The difference between rent expense recorded and the amount paid is recorded as a deferred rent obligation.  
 Rent expense of office facilities and real estate for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $2.2 million and $6.2
million, and $1.9 million and $6.0 million, respectively. Rent expense for telecommunications and other equipment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $1.5 million and $4.6 million, respectively, compared to $1.4
million and $4.0 million for the corresponding 2015 periods.    In the ordinary course of business, the Company may enter into commercial commitments. As of
September 30, 2016, EVERTEC has an outstanding letter of credit of $0.3 million with a maturity of less than three months.    EVERTEC is a defendant in a
number of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Based on the opinion of legal counsel and other factors, Management believes that the final disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the business,
results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Company. The Company has identified certain claims as a result of which a loss may be incurred, but in the aggregate the loss would be insignificant. For other claims regarding for
which proceedings are in an initial phase, the Company is unable to estimate the range of possible loss, if any, but at this time believes that any loss related to such claims will not be material.  
    Note 13   Related Party Transactions   
 The following table presents the Company s transactions with related parties for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

(1)  
   Total revenues from Popular as a percentage of revenues were 45% for each of the periods presented above.    

(2)  
   Includes revenues generated from investee accounted for under the equity method of $0.5 million and $1.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, and $0.5 million and $1.6 million for the corresponding 2015 periods.      At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
EVERTEC had the following balances arising from transactions with related parties:      

(1)  
   Includes an account payable of $32,000 and a long-term liability of $13,700 for December 31, 2015, related to the unvested portion of stock options as a result
of the equitable adjustment approved by our Board of Directors on December 18, 2012 that will be payable to executive officers and employees upon vesting of stock options. As of September 30, 2016, there is no remaining liability.

(2)  
   Includes current and long-term unearned income.        
      18  

Table of Contents  

     Note 14   Segment Information   
 The Company operates in three business segments: Merchant Acquiring, Payment Processing and Business Solutions.  
 The Company s business segments are organized based on the nature of products and services. The Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ) reviews
their individual financial information to assess performance and to allocate resources.    The following tables set forth information about the
Company s operations by its three business segments for the periods indicated:      

(1)  
   Represents the elimination of intersegment revenues for services provided by the Payment Processing segment to the Merchant Acquiring segment, and other miscellaneous
intersegment revenues.    

(2)  
   Primarily represents non-operating depreciation and amortization expenses generated as a result of the Merger and certain non-recurring fees and expenses.

(1)  
   Represents the elimination of intersegment revenues for services provided by the Payment Processing segment to the Merchant Acquiring segment, and other miscellaneous
intersegment revenues.    

(2)  
   Primarily represents non-operating depreciation and amortization expenses generated as a result of the Merger and certain non-recurring fees and expenses.
   
      19  

Table of Contents  

  The reconciliation of income from operations to consolidated net income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:      

(1)  
   Primarily represents non-operating depreciation and amortization expenses generated as a result of the Merger and certain non-recurring fees and expenses.
        Note 15   Subsequent Events   
 On October 27, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share on the Company s outstanding
shares of common stock. The Board anticipates declaring this dividend in future quarters on a regular basis; however future declarations of dividends are subject to Board of Director approval and may be adjusted as business needs or market
conditions change. The cash dividend of $0.10 per share will be paid on December 2, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 14, 2016.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations      The following Management s Discussion and Analysis ( MD A ) covers: (i) the results of operations for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively; and (ii) the financial condition as of September 30, 2016. You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements (the  Audited Consolidated Financial Statements ) and related notes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, included in the Company s Form 10-K and with the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements
(the  Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements ) and related notes appearing elsewhere herein. This MD A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ from those indicated in
the forward-looking statements. See  Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions associated with these statements.   
  Except as otherwise indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, (a) the terms  EVERTEC,   we,   us, 
 our,   our Company  and  the Company  refer to EVERTEC, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, (b) the term  Holdings  refers to EVERTEC Intermediate Holdings, LLC, but not to any of its
subsidiaries and (c) the term  EVERTEC Group  refers to EVERTEC Group, LLC and its predecessor entities and their subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, including the operations of its predecessor entities prior to the Merger (as
defined below). EVERTEC Inc. s subsidiaries include Holdings, EVERTEC Group, EVERTEC Dominicana, SAS, EVERTEC Panam , S.A., EVERTEC Costa Rica, S.A. ( EVERTEC CR ), EVERTEC Guatemala, S.A. and EVERTEC M xico Servicios de
Procesamiento, S.A. de C.V. Neither EVERTEC nor Holdings conducts any operations other than with respect to its indirect or direct ownership of EVERTEC Group.   
  Restatement of Previously Issued Consolidated Financial Statements   
 Note 2 to the Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements discloses the nature of the restatement matters and adjustments and shows the impact of the
restatement for the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the interim period ended September 30, 2015, which is referred to as the Restatement.  
 The Restatement corrects material errors involved with the accounting for tax positions taken in the 2010 tax year. The Restatement corrects an error in the
recognition of a deferred tax asset originating from 2010 tax deductions and the corresponding net operating loss for transaction costs that were based on an uncertain tax position and corrects an error related to the accounting for 2010 debt
issuance cost tax deductions based on an uncertain tax position that affected book tax temporary differences and differences in the applicable tax rates over the affected period. These differences impacted deferred tax liability calculations over
the affected period. The Restatement also establishes a liability for potential tax liabilities including penalties and interest related to these uncertain tax positions. In the third quarter of 2015, the liability for exposure to potential tax,
interest and penalties with respect to the referenced 2010 debt issuance cost deductions was reversed in full as the related statute of limitations expired in such period. This tax liability reversal triggered recognition of a tax benefit of $11.8
million in the third quarter of 2015.    The Restatement also corrects other miscellaneous insignificant accounting errors. These errors, individually and
in the aggregate, would not have required a restatement. The adjustments required to correct the errors in the unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements as a result of completing the restatement process are described in Note 2,
Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Information included in  Part I   Item 1   Financial Statements.     The accompanying
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations gives effect to the restatement adjustments made to the previously reported Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements for the three and nine months period
ended September 30, 2015. Refer to the  Explanatory Note  to this quarterly report and to Note 1 and Note 23 to the Audited Financial Statements included in the 2015 Form 10-K for a description of the restatement adjustments and
reclassifications.     Executive Summary     EVERTEC is a
leading full-service transaction processing business in Latin America (which includes Central America and the Caribbean, unless otherwise specified), providing a broad range of merchant acquiring, payment processing and business process management
services. According to the September 2016 Nilson Report, we are the largest merchant acquirer in the Caribbean and Central America and one of the largest in Latin America, based on total number of transactions. We serve 18 countries in the region
from our base in Puerto Rico. We manage a system of electronic payment networks that process more than two billion transactions annually, and offer a comprehensive suite of services for core bank processing, cash processing and technology
outsourcing. In addition, we own and operate the ATH network, one of the leading personal identification number ( PIN ) debit networks in Latin America. We serve a diversified customer base of leading financial institutions, merchants,
corporations and government agencies with  mission-critical  technology solutions that enable them to issue, process and accept transactions securely. We believe our business is well-positioned to continue to expand across the fast-growing
Latin American region. 
      21  

Table of Contents  

  We are differentiated, in part, by our diversified business model, which enables us to provide our varied
customer base with a broad range of transaction-processing services from a single source across numerous channels and geographic markets. We believe this single-source capability provides several competitive advantages that will enable us to
continue to penetrate our existing customer base with new, complementary services; win new customers; develop new sales channels and enter new markets. We believe these competitive advantages include:  

Our ability to provide best in class products;        

Our ability to provide in one package a range of services that traditionally had to be sourced from different vendors;        

Our ability to serve customers with disparate operations in several geographies with a single integrated technology solution that enables them to manage their business as one enterprise; and    

Our ability to capture and analyze data across the transaction processing value chain and use that data to provide value-added services that are differentiated from those offered by pure-play vendors that serve only one
portion of the transaction processing value chain (such as only merchant acquiring or payment processing).      Our broad suite of services
spans the entire transaction processing value chain and includes a range of front-end customer-facing solutions such as the electronic capture and authorization of transactions at the point-of-sale, as well as back-end support services such as the
clearing and settlement of transactions and account reconciliation for card issuers. These include: (i) merchant acquiring services, which enable point of sales ( POS ) and e-commerce merchants to accept and process electronic methods
of payment such as debit, credit, prepaid and electronic benefit transfer ( EBT ) cards; (ii) payment processing services, which enable financial institutions and other issuers to manage, support and facilitate the processing for
credit, debit, prepaid, automated teller machines ( ATM ) and EBT card programs; and (iii) business process management solutions, which provide  mission-critical  technology solutions such as core bank processing, as well as
IT outsourcing and cash management services to financial institutions, corporations and governments. We provide these services through a highly scalable, end-to-end technology platform that we manage and operate in-house and that generates
significant operating efficiencies that enable us to maximize profitability.    We sell and distribute our services primarily through a proprietary direct
sales force with established customer relationships. We are also building a variety of indirect sales channels that enable us to leverage the distribution capabilities of partners in adjacent markets, including value-added resellers. Also, we
continue to pursue joint ventures and merchant acquiring alliances.    We benefit from an attractive business model, the hallmarks of which are recurring
revenue, scalability, significant operating margins and low capital expenditure requirements. Our revenue is recurring in nature because of the  mission-critical  and embedded nature of the services we provide, the high switching costs
associated with these services and the multi-year contracts we negotiate with our customers. Our business model enables us to continue to grow our business organically without significant additional capital expenditures.  
  Corporate Background     EVERTEC, Inc. (formerly known as
Carib Latam Holdings, Inc.) is a Puerto Rico corporation organized in April 2012. Holdings, a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVERTEC, Inc, is the sole owner of our main operating subsidiary, EVERTEC Group, LLC (formerly known as EVERTEC, LLC and
EVERTEC, Inc., hereinafter  EVERTEC Group ). EVERTEC Group was organized in Puerto Rico in 1988 and was formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Popular. On September 30, 2010, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as amended, the
 Merger Agreement ), AP Carib Holdings, Ltd. ( Apollo ) acquired a 51% indirect ownership interest in EVERTEC Group as part of a merger (the  Merger ).  
 On April 17, 2012, EVERTEC Group was converted from a Puerto Rico corporation to a Puerto Rico limited liability company (the  Conversion ) for the
purpose of improving its consolidated tax efficiency by taking advantage of recent changes to the Puerto Rico Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the  PR Code ), that permit limited liability companies to be treated as partnerships that are
pass-through entities for Puerto Rico tax purposes. Concurrent with the Conversion, Holdings, which is our direct subsidiary, was also converted from a Puerto Rico corporation to a Puerto Rico limited liability company. Prior to these conversions,
EVERTEC, Inc. was formed in order to act as the new parent company of Holdings and its subsidiaries, including EVERTEC Group. The transactions described above in this paragraph are collectively referred to as the  Reorganization.   
  Separation from and Key Relationship with Popular     Prior
to the Merger on September 30, 2010, EVERTEC Group was 100% owned by Popular, the largest financial institution in the Caribbean, and operated substantially as an independent entity within Popular. After the consummation of the Merger, Popular
retained an indirect ownership interest in EVERTEC Group and is our largest customer. In connection with, and upon consummation  
      22  

Table of Contents  

of the Merger, EVERTEC Group entered into a 15-year Master Services Agreement (the  MSA ), and several related agreements with Popular. Under the terms of the MSA, Popular agreed to
continue to use EVERTEC services on an ongoing and exclusive basis, for the duration of the agreement, on commercial terms consistent with those of our historical relationship. Additionally, Popular granted us a right of first refusal on the
development of certain new financial technology products and services for the duration of the MSA.     Factors and Trends Affecting the Results of Our
Operations     The ongoing migration from cash and paper methods of payment to electronic payments continues to benefit the transaction processing
industry globally. We believe that the penetration of electronic payments in the markets in which we operate is significantly lower relative to the U.S. market, and that this ongoing shift will continue to generate substantial growth opportunities
for our business. For example, currently the adoption of banking products, including electronic payments, in the Latin American region is lower relative to the more mature U.S. and European markets. We believe that the unbanked and underbanked
population in our markets will continue to shrink, therefore driving incremental penetration and growth of electronic payments in Puerto Rico and other Latin American regions. We also benefit from the trend for financial institutions and government
agencies to outsource technology systems and processes. Many medium- and small-size institutions in the Latin American markets in which we operate have outdated computer systems and updating these IT legacy systems is financially and logistically
challenging. We believe that our technology and business outsourcing solutions cater to the evolving needs of the financial institution customer base we target, providing integrated, open, flexible, customer-centric and efficient IT products and
services.    Our results of operations may be affected by regulatory changes that will occur as the payments industry has come under increased scrutiny from
lawmakers and regulators.    As described in the risk factors in our 2015 Form 10-K, our financial condition and results of operations are, in part,
dependent on the economic and general conditions of the geographies in which we operate. The Puerto Rico fiscal crisis continues to negatively impact the economy, however, to date, our operations and our business with the government of Puerto Rico
have not been significantly impacted. We continue to closely monitor the Puerto Rico fiscal situation.    In addition to the macroeconomic trends described
above, Management currently estimates that we will experience a revenue attrition in Latin America of approximately $7 million to $10 million in 2017 related to client migrations anticipated to occur throughout 2017. The client decisions for these
anticipated migrations were driven by a variety of historical factors, most importantly customer service experience. Even though Management has been able to improve services in Latin America in the current year, Management believes that these
customer decisions are unlikely to change.     Overview of Results of Operations   
 The following briefly describes the components of revenues and expenses as presented in the unaudited consolidated condensed statements of income and
comprehensive income. Descriptions of the revenue recognition policies are detailed in Note 2 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2015 Form 10-K.  
  Merchant Acquiring, net . Merchant Acquiring revenue consists of revenues from services that allow merchants to accept electronic methods of payment.
Our standard merchant contract has an initial term of one or three years, with automatic one-year renewal periods. In the Merchant Acquiring segment, sources of revenues include a discount fee (generally a percentage of the sales amount of a credit
or debit card transaction value) and membership fees charged to merchants, debit network fees and rental income from POS devices and other equipment, net of credit card interchange and assessment fees charged by credit cards associations (such as
VISA or MasterCard) or payment networks.    Merchant Acquiring accounted for $22.0 million, or 23.3% of total revenues, and $6.7 million or 19.5% of total
segment income from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $20.8 million, or 22.4%, of total revenues and $8.6 million, or 26.4% of total segment income from operations for the comparable period in 2015. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, our Merchant Acquiring business accounted for $68.1 million, or 23.7% of total revenues and $23.9 million or 22.4% of total segment income from operations compared with $62.0 million, or 22.3%, of total revenues and
$27.5 million, or 25.7%, of total segment income from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.     Payment Processing . Payment
Processing revenue primarily reflects ATH network and payment transaction processing, including related services such as authorization, management and recording of ATM and POS transactions, and ATM management and monitoring. Payment Processing
revenue also includes income from card processing services to debit or credit card issuers, such as credit and debit card processing, authorization and settlement and fraud monitoring and control services; payment processing services such as payment
and billing products for merchants, businesses and financial institutions; and EBT, which principally consist of services to the Puerto Rico government for the delivery of government benefits to participants. Payment products include electronic
check processing, automated clearing house ( ACH ), lockbox, interactive voice response and web-based payments through personalized websites, among others.  
 We generally enter into one to five year contracts with our private payment processing clients and one year contracts with our government payment processing
clients. For ATH network and processing services, revenue is driven mainly by the number of transactions processed. Revenue is derived mainly from network fees, transaction switching and processing fees, and leasing of POS
 
      23  

Table of Contents  

devices. For card issuer processing, revenue is dependent mostly upon the number of cardholder accounts on file, transactions and authorizations processed, the number of cards embossed and other
processing services. For EBT services, revenue is derived mainly from the number of beneficiaries on file.    Payment Processing accounted for $27.6
million, or 29.2%, of total revenues and $12.8 million, or 37.2%, of total segment income from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $27.5 million, or 29.6%, of total revenues and $12.9 million, or 39.6%, of total
segment income from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our Payment Processing business accounted for $82.7 million, or 28.8%, of total revenues and $39.5 million, or 37.0%, of
total segment income from operations, compared with $80.6 million, or 29.0%, of total revenues and $40.9 million, or 38.3%, of total segment income from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
  Business Solutions . Business Solutions revenue consists of revenues from a full suite of business process management solutions including core bank
processing, network hosting and management, IT consulting services, business process outsourcing, item and cash processing, and fulfillment. We generally enter into one to five year contracts with our private Business Solutions clients and one year
contracts with our government Business Solutions clients.    In addition, we are a reseller of hardware and software products; these resale transactions are
generally one-time transactions. Revenue from sales of hardware or software products is recognized once the following four criteria are met: (i) evidence of an agreement exists, (ii) delivery and acceptance has occurred or services have
been rendered, (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collection of the selling price is reasonably assured or probable, as applicable.  
 Business Solutions accounted for $44.9 million, or 47.5%, of total revenues and $14.9 million, or 43.3%, of total segment income from operations for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, compared with $44.7 million, or 48.0%, of total revenues and $11.1 million, or 34.0%, of total segment income from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2015. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, Business Solutions accounted for $136.8 million, or 47.6%, of total revenues and $43.3 million, or 40.6%, of total segment income from operations, compared with $135.2 million, or 48.6%, of total revenues and $38.4 million, or 36.0%, of total
segment income from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.     Cost of revenues . This caption includes the costs directly associated
with providing services to customers, as well as product and software sales, including software licensing and maintenance costs; telecommunications costs; personnel and infrastructure costs to develop and maintain applications, operate computer
networks and provide associated customer support, and other operating expenses.     Selling, general and administrative . This caption consists mainly
of salaries, wages and related expenses paid to sales personnel, administrative employees and management, advertising and promotional costs, audit and legal fees, and other selling expenses.  
  Depreciation and amortization . This caption consists of our depreciation and amortization expense. Following the completion of the Merger, our
depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the purchase price allocation adjustments to reflect the fair market value and revised useful life assigned to property and equipment and intangible assets in connection with the Merger.
    Results of Operations     The following tables set
forth certain consolidated financial information for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The following tables and discussion should be read in conjunction with the information contained in our Unaudited Consolidated
Condensed Financial Statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.      Comparison of the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015      The following tables present the components of our unaudited consolidated condensed statements of income and
comprehensive income by business segment and the change in those amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

   Revenues       
   Total revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $1.5 million or 2% as compared to the corresponding
2015 period.    Merchant Acquiring, net revenue grew by $1.2 million or 6% driven by the expanded merchant relationship with FirstBank, partially offset by
revenue from another bank in Puerto Rico which, due to contractual agreement changes, is now being recognized as part of Payment Processing as well as other revenue mix shifts.  
 Payment Processing revenue in the third quarter amounted to $27.6 million, relatively flat to the prior year. Revenue in the quarter primarily reflected
increases in transactions processed over the ATH    debit network and card processing volume, revenue related to the Processa acquisition, and the previously referenced revenue shift from
merchant acquiring to payment processing. These increases were partially offset by a reduction related to the shift in revenue from FirstBank from payment processing to merchant acquiring in 2016, as well as a decrease in revenues due to a delayed
project which impacted the quarter by approximately $2.0 million.    Business Solutions revenue amounted to $44.9 million, relatively flat when compared to
$44.7 million in the prior year quarter. Business Solutions revenue in the quarter reflects increased revenue from hardware sales and IT consulting, partially offset by a decrease in cash and item processing revenue.  
  Operating costs and expenses       
   Total operating costs and expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased $4.0 million as compared to the
corresponding 2015 period.    Cost of revenues decreased by approximately $2.4 million or 5% when compared with the 2015 quarterly period mainly as a result
of $4.2 million decrease in salaries and benefits as the prior year period includes severance payments as part of voluntary termination offers extended to certain employees which included special termination benefits. This decrease was partially
offset by an increase in cost of sales driven by the revenue sharing agreement with FirstBank as part of the expanded merchant relationship.  
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased slightly by $0.4 million or 4% mainly due to multiple insignificant variances, partially offset by a
decrease in salaries and benefits as a result of severance payments in the prior year.    Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $2.0 million or
12% primarily related to lower software amortization expense related to software acquired as part of the Merger that became fully amortized during the third quarter of 2015. 
      25  

Table of Contents  

   Income from operations   
 The following table presents income from operations by reportable segments.      

(1)    
   Primarily represents non-operating depreciation and amortization expenses generated as a result of the Merger and certain non-recurring fees and expenses.
     Income from operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $5.5 million or 26% compared with to the corresponding 2015
period. The increase in income from operations was the result of the aforementioned factors affecting our revenues and operating costs and expenses coupled with a decrease in merger related depreciation and amortization as a group of assets became
fully amortized during the third quarter of 2015.    See Note 14 of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements included in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on the Company s reportable segments and for a reconciliation of income from operations to net income.  
  Non-operating income (expenses)       
   Total non-operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 remained relatively equal to the corresponding 2015
period.     Income tax expense     Income tax expense for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $1.6 million compared with an income tax benefit of $9.3 million in the prior year period. The prior year income tax benefit is entirely driven by the reversal of the liability for exposure to
potential tax, interest and penalties with respect to certain 2010 debt issuance cost deductions, where the related statute of limitations expired in the third quarter of 2015.  
 See Note 10 of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information
regarding income taxes.      Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
 The following tables present the components of our unaudited consolidated condensed statements of income and comprehensive income by business segment and the
change in those amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   Revenues       
   Total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $9.8 million or 4% compared with the corresponding 2015
period, driven by revenue growth across all our lines of business.    Merchant Acquiring revenue increased by 10% to $68.1 million mainly as a result of the
FirstBank contract portfolio acquired in November of 2015.    Payment Processing increased by 3% to $82.7 million driven by the same factors explained above
for the quarter, partially offset by lower revenues from the government lottery tax contract that terminated in the fourth quarter of 2015.    Business
Solutions revenue increased by $1.6 million to $136.8 million and is almost entirely related to an increase in revenues from core banking services, primarily driven by the conversion of Doral in May of 2015.  
  Operating costs and expenses       
   Total operating costs and expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $3.9 million or 2% as compared with
the corresponding 2015 period.    Cost of revenue increased by $2.0 million or 2% as a result of an increase in cost of sales driven by the revenue sharing
agreement with FirstBank as part of the expanded merchant acquiring relationship, coupled with costs incurred in relation to the increase in hardware sales. In addition, other operating taxes increased as a result of the business to business
services tax. Professional fees increased as a result of the development of a new data warehouse and an increase in programming services. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in salaries and benefits primarily due to severance
payments in the prior year, as described above, and an increase in deferred salaries.    Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $7.2
million or 27% as a result of an increase in professional fees as a result of costs incurred in connection with the restatement coupled with an increase in salaries and benefits primarily driven by higher share-based compensation and a slight
increase in general other operating expenses.    Depreciation and amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by 11% or $5.3
million driven by lower software amortization expense as explained above.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

   Income from operations   
 The following table presents income from operations by reportable segments.      

(1)    
   Primarily represents non-operating depreciation and amortization expenses generated as a result of the Merger and certain non-recurring fees and expenses.
     Income from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $5.8 million or 8% as compared to the corresponding 2015
period. The increase in income from operations is driven by a decrease in merger related depreciation and amortization expense as a group of assets became fully amortized during the third quarter of 2015.  
 See Note 14 of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on
the Company s reportable segments and for a reconciliation of income from operations to net income.     Non-operating income (expenses)   
   
   Total non-operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 remained flat at $16.3 million compared with the
corresponding 2015 period.     Income tax expense   
 Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $6.3 million compared with an income tax benefit of $3.9 million for the
corresponding 2015 period. The prior year benefit is related to the aforementioned deferred tax liability reversal in the third quarter of 2015.    See Note
10 of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form   10-Q  for additional information regarding income taxes.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources     Our principal source of
liquidity is cash generated from operations, and our primary liquidity requirements are the funding of capital expenditures and working capital needs. We also have a $100.0 million revolving credit facility, of which $84.0 million was available as
of September 30, 2016.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016, we had cash of $45.0 million, of which $31.9 million resides in our subsidiaries located
outside of Puerto Rico for purposes of (i) funding the respective subsidiary s current business operations and (ii) funding potential future investment outside of Puerto Rico. We intend to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside of
Puerto Rico, and based on our liquidity forecast, we will not need to repatriate this cash to fund the Puerto Rico operations or to meet debt-service obligations. However, if in the future we determine that we no longer need to maintain such cash
balances within our foreign subsidiaries, we may elect to distribute such cash to the Company in Puerto Rico. Distributions from the foreign subsidiaries to Puerto Rico may be subject to tax withholding and other tax consequences.  
 Our primary use of cash is for operating expenses, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, dividend payments, share repurchases and debt service.
   Based on our current level of operations, we believe our cash flows from operations and the available senior secured revolving credit facility will be
adequate to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months. However, our ability to fund future operating expenses, dividend payments and capital expenditures and our ability to make scheduled payments of interest, to pay principal on or
refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy any other of our present or future debt obligations will depend on our future operating performance, which will be affected by general economic, financial and other factors beyond our control.  
   
   Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $124.6 million compared with cash
provided by operating activities of $124.3 million for the corresponding 2015 period.    Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $33.9 million compared with $36.9 million for the corresponding period in 2015. The $3.1 million decrease was mainly attributable to a $3.5 million decrease in restricted cash during the nine month period ended September 30,
2016, compared with a $7.8 million increase in the prior year period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, purchases of property and equipment and software amounted to $31.5 million, compared with $29.1 million in the prior year.  
 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $74.5 million as compared with $79.1 million for the corresponding 2015
period. Cash used in financing activities was primarily related to stock repurchases and cash dividends on common stock and cash used for principal repayments on long-term debt and the payment of the credit amendment fees. The decrease in cash used
in financing activities is due to less cash used for common stock repurchases and less cash used to pay down short term borrowings.     Capital Resources
    Our principal capital expenditures are for hardware and computer software (purchased and internally developed) and additions to property and
equipment. We invested approximately $31.5 million and $29.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Capital expenditures are expected to be funded by cash flow from operations and, if necessary, borrowings
under our revolving credit facility.      Dividend Payments    
 We currently have a policy under which we pay a regular quarterly dividend on our common stock, subject to the declaration thereof by our Board each quarter.
On February 17, 2016, our Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share of common stock, which was paid on March 17, 2016 to stockholders of record as of February 29, 2016. On May 11, 2016, our Board declared a
quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share per common stock that was paid on June 10, 2016 to stockholders of record as of close of business on May 23, 2016. On July 28, 2016, our Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share
that was paid on September 2, 2016 to stockholders of record on August 9, 2016. On October 27, 2016, our Board declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share of common stock which will be paid on December 2, 2016 to stockholders of
record as of the close of business on November 14, 2016.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

    Financial Obligations    
   Senior Secured Credit Facilities       Term A Loan
    As of September 30, 2016, the unpaid principal balance of the Term A Loan was $249.4 million. The Term A Loan requires principal payments on the last
business day of each quarter equal to (a) 1.250% of the original principal amount commencing on September 30, 2013 through June 30, 2016; (b) 1.875% of the original principal amount from September 30, 2016 through June 30, 2017; (c) 2.50% of the
original principal amount from September 30, 2017 through March 31, 2018; and (d) the remaining outstanding principal amount on the maturity of the Term A Loan on April 17, 2018. Interest is based on EVERTEC Group LLC s ( EVERTEC
Group ) first lien secured net leverage ratio and payable at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (a) LIBOR Rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.00% to 2.50%, or (b) Base Rate, as defined in the 2013 Credit Agreement,
plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.00% to 1.50%. Term A Loan has no LIBOR or Base Rate minimum or floor.     Term B Loan   
 As of September 30, 2016, the unpaid principal balance of the Term B Loan was $387.0 million. The Term B Loan requires principal payments on the last business
day of each quarter equal to 0.250% of the original principal amount commencing on September 30, 2013 and the remaining outstanding principal amount on the maturity of the Term B Loan on April 17, 2020. Interest is based on EVERTEC Group s
first lien secured net leverage ratio and payable at a rate equal to, at the Company s option, either (a) LIBOR Rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.50% to 2.75%, or (b) Base Rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.50% to 1.75%.
The LIBOR Rate and Base Rate are subject to floors of 0.75% and 1.75%, respectively.     Revolving Credit Facility   
 The revolving credit facility has an available balance up to $100.0 million, with an interest rate on loans calculated the same as the applicable Term A Loan
rate. The facility matures on April 17, 2018 and has a  commitment fee  payable one business day after the last business day of each quarter calculated based on the daily unused commitment during the preceding quarter. The commitment fee
for the unused portion of this facility ranges from 0.125% to 0.375% and is based on EVERTEC Group s first lien secured net leverage ratio. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding balance of the revolving credit facility was $16.0 million.
   All loans may be prepaid without premium or penalty.    The
senior secured credit facilities contain various restrictive covenants. The Term A Loan and the revolving credit facility (subject to certain exceptions) require us to maintain on a quarterly basis a specified maximum senior secured leverage ratio
of up to 6.60 to 1.00 as defined in the 2013 Credit Agreement (total first lien secured debt to adjusted EBITDA). In addition, the 2013 Credit Agreement, among other things: (a) limits our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur
additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments and enter into certain transactions with affiliates; (b) restricts our ability to enter into agreements that would limit the ability of our subsidiaries to
pay dividends or make certain payments to us; and (c) places restrictions on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to merge or consolidate with any other person or sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially
all of our assets.     Pending Refinance     The
Company s main operating subsidiary, Evertec Group, LLC, together with certain other subsidiaries of the Company, has received commitments from a syndicate of lenders in connection with a refinancing to extend the maturity of $219 million of
its existing $250 million of Term A Loan and $65 million of its existing $100 million of Revolving Credit Facility to January 2020. The remaining $31 million of the Term A Loan and the $35 million of Revolving Credit Facility that will not be
extended will remain in place and mature as originally scheduled in April 2018. Entering into the amended credit agreement is subject to completion of final documentation which is expected to occur in November 2016.  
 In connection with these transactions, the interest rate applicable to the Term A Loan maturing in January 2020 and the Revolving Credit Facility is to be
fixed at LIBOR + 250 bps, or a 25 bps increase from the interest rate currently applicable to the Term A Loan and the Revolving Credit Facility due in April 2018. In addition, the maximum senior secured leverage ratio applicable to Term A Loan and
Revolving Credit Facility due in January 2020 is to be 4.75 times and stepping down to 4.25 times after 24 months. The maximum senior secured leverage ratio applicable to Term A Loan and Revolving Credit Facility due in April 2018 is to be amended
and reduced from 6.6 times down to 4.75 times.     Credit Amendment fees   
 During the second quarter of 2016, in connection with the Company s Senior Secured Credit Facilities, EVERTEC Group, together with certain other direct
and indirect subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a second amendment and waiver to the outstanding Credit Agreement. The Company paid each lender that consented to the amendment a fee equal to 0.50% of the aggregate principal amount of
outstanding term loans and revolving commitments held by such lender. The credit amendment fees paid during the second quarter of 2016 amounted to $3.6 million.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

   Notes payable   
 In December 2014, June 2015 and May 2016, EVERTEC entered into non-interest bearing financing agreements amounting to $4.6 million, $1.1 million, and $0.7
million, respectively, to purchase software. As of September 30, 2016, the outstanding principal balance of the notes payable is $2.9 million. The current portion of these notes is recorded as part of accounts payable and the long-term portion is
included in other long-term liabilities.     Interest Rate Swap   
 In December 2015, the Company entered into a plain-vanilla floored interest-rate swap agreement (the  Swap ) with a leading US bank. Prior to
executing the Swap, 100% of EVERTEC s outstanding debt was at a variable interest rate. With the Swap, the Company will fix the interest rate on $200 million of the Company s Term B loan beginning in January of 2017, which represents
approximately 30% of the Company s outstanding debt. The Swap agreement has a notional amount of $200 million, matures in April of 2020, a fixed rate of 1.9225%, which hedges the variable portion of the debt, and maintains the same payment
dates as the underlying loan agreement and a floor equal to 75 basis points. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a cash flow hedge. The fair value of the Company s derivative instruments is determined using standard valuation
models. The significant inputs used in these models are readily available in public markets, or can be derived from observable market transactions, and therefore have been classified as Level 2. Inputs used in these standard valuation models for
derivative instruments include the applicable forward rates, and discount rates.    As of September 30, 2016, the Company has a derivative liability
included in other long-term liabilities amounting to $5.0 million, and a corresponding cash flow hedge loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The cash flow hedge is considered highly effective and no impact on earnings is expected
due to hedge ineffectiveness.      Covenant Compliance    
 The credit facilities contain various restrictive covenants. The Term A Loan and the revolving facility (subject to certain exceptions) require EVERTEC Group
to maintain on a quarterly basis a specified maximum senior secured leverage ratio of up to 6.60 to 1.00 as defined in the 2013 Credit Agreement (total first lien senior secured debt to Adjusted EBITDA). In addition, the 2013 Credit Agreement, among
other things: (a) limits EVERTEC Group s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, incur liens, pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments and enter into certain transactions with
affiliates; (b) restricts EVERTEC Group s ability to enter into agreements that would limit the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make certain payments to its parent company; and (c) places restrictions on EVERTEC
Group s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to merge or consolidate with any other person or sell, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of their assets. However, all of the covenants in these
agreements are subject to significant exceptions. As of September 30, 2016, the senior secured leverage ratio was 3.26 to 1.00 and we were in compliance with the applicable restrictive covenants under the 2013 Credit Agreement.  
 In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we refer to the term  Adjusted EBITDA  to mean EBITDA as so defined and calculated for purposes of
determining compliance with the senior secured leverage ratio based on the financial information for the last twelve months at the end of each quarter.  
   Net Income Reconciliation to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income (Non-GAAP Measures)    
 We define  EBITDA  as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We define  Adjusted EBITDA  as EBITDA further
adjusted to exclude unusual items and other adjustments described below. We define  Adjusted Net Income  as net income adjusted to exclude unusual items and other adjustments described below.  
 We present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA because we consider them important supplemental measures of our performance and believe they are frequently used by
securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in our industry. In addition, our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is consistent with the equivalent measurements that are contained in the senior secured
credit facilities in testing EVERTEC Group s compliance with covenants therein, such as the senior secured leverage ratio. We use Adjusted Net Income to measure our overall profitability because it better reflects our cash flows generation by
capturing the actual cash taxes paid rather than our tax expense as calculated under GAAP and excludes the impact of the non-cash amortization and depreciation that was created as a result of the Merger. In evaluating EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and
Adjusted Net Income, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses such as those excluded in calculating them. Further, our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that our future operating results will
not be affected by unusual or nonrecurring items.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  Some of the limitations of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income are as follows:  

they do not reflect cash outlays for capital expenditures or future contractual commitments;        

they do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, working capital;        

although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect cash requirements for
such replacements;        

in the case of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, they do not reflect interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest, or principal payments, on indebtedness;    

in the case of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, they do not reflect income tax expense or the cash necessary to pay income taxes; and        

other companies, including other companies in our industry, may not use EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income or may calculate EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income differently than as presented in
this Report, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure.      EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per
common share are not measurements of liquidity or financial performance under GAAP. You should not consider EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income per common share as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities
or any other performance measures determined in accordance with GAAP, as an indicator of cash flows, as a measure of liquidity or as an alternative to operating or net income determined in accordance with GAAP.  
 A reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted Net Income is provided below:  

1) 
 Predominantly represents reimbursements received for certain software maintenance expenses as part of the Merger.    

2) 
 Represents the elimination of non-cash equity earnings from our 19.99% equity investment in CONTADO, net of cash dividends received.    
 
      32  

Table of Contents  

4) 
 Represents fees and expenses associated with corporate transactions as defined in the Credit Agreement.    

5) 
 Represents the elimination of the effects of purchase accounting in connection with certain customer service and software-related arrangements whereby EVERTEC receives reimbursements from Popular.    

6) 
 Represents consulting, audit and legal expenses incurred as part of the restatement.    

7) 
 Represents operating depreciation and amortization expense, which excludes amounts generated as a result of the Merger.    

8) 
 Represents interest expense, less interest income, as they appear on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, adjusted to exclude non-cash amortization of the debt issue costs, premium and
accretion of discount.    

9) 
 Represents income tax expense calculated on adjusted pre-tax income using GAAP tax rate.    

10) 
 Represents the 35% non-controlling equity interest in Processa, net of amortization for intangibles created as part of the purchase.    
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements     In the ordinary course of
business the Company may enter into commercial commitments. As of September 30, 2016, we had an outstanding letter of credit of $0.3 million with a maturity of less than three months. Also, as of September 30, 2016 we had an off balance sheet item
of $4.2 million related to the unused amount of the windfall tax benefit that is available to offset future taxable income.    See Note 10 of the Notes to
Unaudited Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements within Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information related to this off balance sheet item.  
  Seasonality     Our payment businesses generally experiences
increased activity during the traditional holiday shopping periods and around other nationally recognized holidays.     Effect of Inflation   
 While inflationary increases in certain input costs, such as occupancy, labor and benefits, and general administrative costs, have an impact on our operating
results, inflation has had minimal net effect on our operating results during the last three years as overall inflation has been offset by increased selling process and cost reduction actions. We cannot assure you, however, that we will not be
affected by general inflation in the future.       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
 We are exposed to market risks arising from our normal business activities. These market risks principally involve the possibility of changes in interest rates
that will adversely affect the value of our financial assets and liabilities or future cash flows and earnings. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices.  
   Interest rate risks      We issued floating-rate debt
which is subject to fluctuations in interest rates. Our senior secured credit facilities accrue interest at variable rates and only the Term B Loan is subject to floors or minimum rates. A 100 basis point increase in interest rates over our floor(s)
on our debt balances outstanding as of September 30, 2016 under the senior secured credit facilities would increase our annual interest expense by approximately $6.4 million, excluding the revolving credit facility. The impact on future interest
expense as a result of future changes in interest rates will depend largely on the outstanding balance of our borrowings at that time.      Foreign
exchange risk      We conduct business in certain countries in Latin America. Some of this business is conducted in the countries  local
currencies. The resulting foreign currency translation adjustments, from operations for which the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, are reported in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the unaudited consolidated condensed balance
sheet, except for highly inflationary environments in which the effects would be included in other operating income in the consolidated condensed statements of income and comprehensive (loss) income. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $9.7
million in an unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustment as part of accumulated other comprehensive loss compared with an unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustment of $7.1 million at December 31, 2015.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     The
Company, under the direction of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has established disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms.    An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Based upon their evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of September 30, 2016, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective because of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as described below.    In our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015, Management has determined that the Company s controls related to the completeness and robustness of its assessment and monitoring of uncertain tax positions and the appropriate accounting related to the potential
obligations were not operating effectively. Management concluded that this control deficiency is a material weakness. As a result of the material weakness, we have concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2015. The foregoing control deficiency contributed to the restatement of our consolidated financial statements for 2014 and 2013. Additionally, the foregoing control deficiency could result in material misstatements of
the consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected.     Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30,
2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, as described below, Management implemented and enhanced control activities to remediate the material weakness
identified in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.     Remediation Actions   
 In response to the material weakness identified in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, Management implemented new and
redesigned controls to remediate the underlying cause of the material weakness and improve the design of controls. Those actions include the following:      

Developed an Uncertain Tax Positions Control Procedures Manual to enhance control procedures to ensure completeness of documented analyses supporting material tax positions taken by the Company. The control
enhancements include the implementation of quarterly tools, such as:        

a. 
 Identification of Tax Positions Quarterly Checklist        

b. 
 Inventory of Tax Positions        

c. 
 Internal Control Checklists for Uncertain Tax Positions        

Enhanced monitoring activities over highly technical tax related aspects of material transactions, including the implementation of formal quarterly meetings attended by the Chief Financial Officer, Finance Director,
General Counsel and tax department to ensure that material tax positions, including uncertain tax positions, are vetted fully and continuously monitored for appropriate income tax accounting and disclosure purposes.    
 Given that the remedial actions we have taken are very recent, Management has determined that the material weakness exists until such controls have operated
for a longer period and confirmed by testing as effective and sustainable.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings     We
are defendants in various lawsuits or arbitration proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management believes, based on the opinion of legal counsel and other factors, that the aggregated liabilities, if any, arising from such
actions will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and the cash flows of the Company.      
 Item 1A. Risk Factors     Among the risk factors previously disclosed under Item 1A. of the Company s 2015 Form 10-K, was a risk factor entitled
  The Department of Justice of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico has announced that it has initiated an investigation into whether we have engaged in conduct that interferes with free competition in violation of the Puerto Rico Anti-Monopoly
Act .     As indicated in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016, on that date we received official confirmation that
the Puerto Rico Department of Justice has formally closed its investigation of the Company and has concluded that the Company has not engaged in conduct that interferes with free competition with respect to the products and services, including
merchant acquiring and payment processing, it provides within the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and has not violated the Puerto Rico Anti-Monopoly Act, Law 77 of June 25, 1964. Accordingly, the risk factor in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
relating to the investigation is no longer applicable and is deemed deleted.    The risks described in our 2015 Form 10-K and in this report are not the
only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.  
    Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 The following table summarizes repurchases of the Company s common stock in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016:  

(1)   
 On February 17, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an increase and extension to the current stock repurchase program, authorizing the purchase of up to $120 million of the Company s
common stock and extended the expiration to December 31, 2017.         Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities
    None.       Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures     Not applicable.  
    Item 5. Other Information   
 None.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6. Exhibits   

* 
 Filed herewith.    

** 
 Furnished herewith.    

+ 
 This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    
      36  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized.      

EVERTEC, Inc. 
 (Registrant)   

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Morgan Schuessler   

Morgan Schuessler   Chief Executive
Officer   

Date: November 3, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Peter J.S. Smith   

Peter J.S. Smith   Chief Financial
Officer   
     
      37  

<EX-10.49>
 2
 d228284dex1049.htm
 EX-10.49

EX-10.49 

Exhibit 10.49   
  EVERTEC, INC.      2013
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT  (this    Agreement   ) is made as of this July 29, 2016 (the    Date of
Grant   ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the person whose signature, name and title appear in the signature block hereof (the    Participant   ). Defined terms used but not
otherwise defined herein will have the meanings attributed to them in the Plan (defined below).      W I T N E S S E T H    
  WHEREAS,  the Company maintains the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan     
  WHEREAS,  Section 9 of the Plan authorizes the grant (the    Award   ) of Restricted Stock with respect to the common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (   Common Stock    and     WHEREAS,  in connection with the Participant s service as
a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Directorship   ), and in accordance with the Company s Independent Director Compensation Policy, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock to the Participant,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:      

1. 
   Grant of Restricted Stock  . In consideration of the Directorship and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein, the Company grants to the Participant 7,803 shares of Restricted
Stock (the    Restricted Shares   ).        

2. 
   Vesting  . The Restricted Shares shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the day immediately preceding the Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the Date of Grant (the
   Vesting Date   ), provided that the Participant is actively carrying out his or her duties in connection with the Directorship at all times from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date.    

3. 
   Termination  .        

(a) 
 In the event of the Participant s Disability (defined below) or in the event the Directorship is terminated due to the Participant s death, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the
date of Disability or the Termination Date (defined below), as applicable, shall automatically vest.        

(b) 
 In the event the Directorship is terminated other than as set forth in (a) above, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the Termination Date shall automatically be forfeited.    

(c) 
 For purposes of this  Section 3 :         Disability    shall mean the
Participant s inability to perform the Directorship by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of 6 months or more in any 12 month period.  
    Termination Date    is the date the Participant s Directorship is terminated under the circumstances set forth in
(a) or (b) above.      

4. 
   Rights as Stockholder; Dividends  . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder, including, but limited to the
right to vote and the right to receive any dividends.        

5. 
   Taxes  . On the Vesting Date, the Participant shall be responsible for paying the Company any taxes due on taxable income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Restricted Shares (the
   Tax Payment    provided, however, that (a) the Participant may satisfy payment of the Tax Payment through (i) a cash payment to the Company; (ii) authorizing the Company to repurchase from the shares of Common
Stock otherwise to be delivered to the Participant, a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Payment; or (iii) any combination of (i) and (ii); and (b) in the event that the Company determines that a Tax
Payment is required and the Participant fails to advance the Tax Payment after so requested by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Participant and
take such other action as deemed necessary to satisfy all obligations for the Tax Payment.    

6. 
   Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico applicable to contracts to be performed therein.    

7. 
   Notice  . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing and the notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon receipt by the party
entitled thereto. Any notice, request or other communication by the Participant should be delivered to the Company s General Counsel.        

8. 
   Miscellaneous  . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior communications, representations and
negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor
or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Participant, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference, and the Participant hereby acknowledges receiving a copy of the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. Every
provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable and any illegal or invalid term shall not affect the validity or legality of the remaining terms. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the
Participant or the Company to the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the    Committee   ) for review, as provided for in the Plan. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be binding
on the Company and the Participant. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant set forth above.  

EVERTEC, INC.  

THE PARTICIPANT   

Name: 
   
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. 

Name: 
   
 Frank D Angelo  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 

Title: 
   
 Independent Director  
 
      2  

</EX-10.49>

<EX-10.50>
 3
 d228284dex1050.htm
 EX-10.50

EX-10.50 

Exhibit 10.50   
  EVERTEC, INC.      2013
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT  (this    Agreement   ) is made as of this July 29, 2016 (the    Date of
Grant   ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the person whose signature, name and title appear in the signature block hereof (the    Participant   ). Defined terms used but not
otherwise defined herein will have the meanings attributed to them in the Plan (defined below).      W I T N E S S E T H    
  WHEREAS,  the Company maintains the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan     
  WHEREAS,  Section 9 of the Plan authorizes the grant (the    Award   ) of Restricted Stock with respect to the common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (   Common Stock    and     WHEREAS,  in connection with the Participant s service as
a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Directorship   ), and in accordance with the Company s Independent Director Compensation Policy, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock to the Participant,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:      

1. 
   Grant of Restricted Stock  . In consideration of the Directorship and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein, the Company grants to the Participant 4,682 shares of Restricted
Stock (the    Restricted Shares   ).        

2. 
   Vesting  . The Restricted Shares shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the day immediately preceding the Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the Date of Grant (the
   Vesting Date   ), provided that the Participant is actively carrying out his or her duties in connection with the Directorship at all times from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date.    

3. 
   Termination  .        

(a) 
 In the event of the Participant s Disability (defined below) or in the event the Directorship is terminated due to the Participant s death, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the
date of Disability or the Termination Date (defined below), as applicable, shall automatically vest.        

(b) 
 In the event the Directorship is terminated other than as set forth in (a) above, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the Termination Date shall automatically be forfeited.    

(c) 
 For purposes of this  Section 3 :         Disability    shall mean the
Participant s inability to perform the Directorship by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of 6 months or more in any 12 month period.  
    Termination Date    is the date the Participant s Directorship is terminated under the circumstances set forth in
(a) or (b) above.      

4. 
   Rights as Stockholder; Dividends  . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder, including, but limited to the
right to vote and the right to receive any dividends.        

5. 
   Taxes  . On the Vesting Date, the Participant shall be responsible for paying the Company any taxes due on taxable income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Restricted Shares (the
   Tax Payment    provided, however, that (a) the Participant may satisfy payment of the Tax Payment through (i) a cash payment to the Company; (ii) authorizing the Company to repurchase from the shares of Common
Stock otherwise to be delivered to the Participant, a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Payment; or (iii) any combination of (i) and (ii); and (b) in the event that the Company determines that a Tax
Payment is required and the Participant fails to advance the Tax Payment after so requested by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Participant and
take such other action as deemed necessary to satisfy all obligations for the Tax Payment.    

6. 
   Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico applicable to contracts to be performed therein.    

7. 
   Notice  . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing and the notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon receipt by the party
entitled thereto. Any notice, request or other communication by the Participant should be delivered to the Company s General Counsel.        

8. 
   Miscellaneous  . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior communications, representations and
negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor
or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Participant, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference, and the Participant hereby acknowledges receiving a copy of the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. Every
provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable and any illegal or invalid term shall not affect the validity or legality of the remaining terms. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the
Participant or the Company to the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the    Committee   ) for review, as provided for in the Plan. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be binding
on the Company and the Participant. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant set forth above.  

EVERTEC, INC.  

THE PARTICIPANT   

Name: 
   
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. 

Name: 
   
 Thomas W. Swidarski  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 

Title: 
   
 Independent Director  
 
      2  

</EX-10.50>

<EX-10.51>
 4
 d228284dex1051.htm
 EX-10.51

EX-10.51 

Exhibit 10.51   
  EVERTEC, INC.      2013
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT  (this    Agreement   ) is made as of this July 29, 2016 (the    Date of
Grant   ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the person whose signature, name and title appear in the signature block hereof (the    Participant   ). Defined terms used but not
otherwise defined herein will have the meanings attributed to them in the Plan (defined below).      W I T N E S S E T H    
  WHEREAS,  the Company maintains the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan     
  WHEREAS,  Section 9 of the Plan authorizes the grant (the    Award   ) of Restricted Stock with respect to the common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (   Common Stock    and     WHEREAS,  in connection with the Participant s service as
a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Directorship   ), and in accordance with the Company s Independent Director Compensation Policy, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock to the Participant,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:      

1. 
   Grant of Restricted Stock  . In consideration of the Directorship and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein, the Company grants to the Participant 4,682 shares of Restricted
Stock (the    Restricted Shares   ).        

2. 
   Vesting  . The Restricted Shares shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the day immediately preceding the Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the Date of Grant (the
   Vesting Date   ), provided that the Participant is actively carrying out his or her duties in connection with the Directorship at all times from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date.    

3. 
   Termination  .        

(a) 
 In the event of the Participant s Disability (defined below) or in the event the Directorship is terminated due to the Participant s death, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the
date of Disability or the Termination Date (defined below), as applicable, shall automatically vest.        

(b) 
 In the event the Directorship is terminated other than as set forth in (a) above, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the Termination Date shall automatically be forfeited.    

(c) 
 For purposes of this  Section 3 :         Disability    shall mean the
Participant s inability to perform the Directorship by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of 6 months or more in any 12 month period.  
    Termination Date    is the date the Participant s Directorship is terminated under the circumstances set forth in
(a) or (b) above.      

4. 
   Rights as Stockholder; Dividends  . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder, including, but limited to the
right to vote and the right to receive any dividends.        

5. 
   Taxes  . On the Vesting Date, the Participant shall be responsible for paying the Company any taxes due on taxable income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Restricted Shares (the
   Tax Payment    provided, however, that (a) the Participant may satisfy payment of the Tax Payment through (i) a cash payment to the Company; (ii) authorizing the Company to repurchase from the shares of Common
Stock otherwise to be delivered to the Participant, a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Payment; or (iii) any combination of (i) and (ii); and (b) in the event that the Company determines that a Tax
Payment is required and the Participant fails to advance the Tax Payment after so requested by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Participant and
take such other action as deemed necessary to satisfy all obligations for the Tax Payment.    

6. 
   Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico applicable to contracts to be performed therein.    

7. 
   Notice  . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing and the notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon receipt by the party
entitled thereto. Any notice, request or other communication by the Participant should be delivered to the Company s General Counsel.        

8. 
   Miscellaneous  . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior communications, representations and
negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor
or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Participant, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference, and the Participant hereby acknowledges receiving a copy of the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. Every
provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable and any illegal or invalid term shall not affect the validity or legality of the remaining terms. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the
Participant or the Company to the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the    Committee   ) for review, as provided for in the Plan. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be binding
on the Company and the Participant. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant set forth above.  

EVERTEC, INC.  

THE PARTICIPANT   

Name: 
   
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. 

Name: 
   
 Jorge Junquera  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 

Title: 
   
 Independent Director  
 
      2  

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.52>
 5
 d228284dex1052.htm
 EX-10.52

EX-10.52 

Exhibit 10.52   
  EVERTEC, INC.      2013
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT  (this    Agreement   ) is made as of this July 29, 2016 (the    Date of
Grant   ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the person whose signature, name and title appear in the signature block hereof (the    Participant   ). Defined terms used but not
otherwise defined herein will have the meanings attributed to them in the Plan (defined below).      W I T N E S S E T H    
  WHEREAS,  the Company maintains the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan     
  WHEREAS,  Section 9 of the Plan authorizes the grant (the    Award   ) of Restricted Stock with respect to the common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (   Common Stock    and     WHEREAS,  in connection with the Participant s service as
a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Directorship   ), and in accordance with the Company s Independent Director Compensation Policy, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock to the Participant,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:      

1. 
   Grant of Restricted Stock  . In consideration of the Directorship and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein, the Company grants to the Participant 4,682 shares of Restricted
Stock (the    Restricted Shares   ).        

2. 
   Vesting  . The Restricted Shares shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the day immediately preceding the Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the Date of Grant (the
   Vesting Date   ), provided that the Participant is actively carrying out his or her duties in connection with the Directorship at all times from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date.    

3. 
   Termination  .        

(a) 
 In the event of the Participant s Disability (defined below) or in the event the Directorship is terminated due to the Participant s death, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the
date of Disability or the Termination Date (defined below), as applicable, shall automatically vest.        

(b) 
 In the event the Directorship is terminated other than as set forth in (a) above, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the Termination Date shall automatically be forfeited.    

(c) 
 For purposes of this  Section 3 :         Disability    shall mean the
Participant s inability to perform the Directorship by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of 6 months or more in any 12 month period.  
    Termination Date    is the date the Participant s Directorship is terminated under the circumstances set forth in
(a) or (b) above.      

4. 
   Rights as Stockholder; Dividends  . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder, including, but limited to the
right to vote and the right to receive any dividends.        

5. 
   Taxes  . On the Vesting Date, the Participant shall be responsible for paying the Company any taxes due on taxable income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Restricted Shares (the
   Tax Payment    provided, however, that (a) the Participant may satisfy payment of the Tax Payment through (i) a cash payment to the Company; (ii) authorizing the Company to repurchase from the shares of Common
Stock otherwise to be delivered to the Participant, a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Payment; or (iii) any combination of (i) and (ii); and (b) in the event that the Company determines that a Tax
Payment is required and the Participant fails to advance the Tax Payment after so requested by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Participant and
take such other action as deemed necessary to satisfy all obligations for the Tax Payment.    

6. 
   Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico applicable to contracts to be performed therein.    

7. 
   Notice  . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing and the notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon receipt by the party
entitled thereto. Any notice, request or other communication by the Participant should be delivered to the Company s General Counsel.        

8. 
   Miscellaneous  . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior communications, representations and
negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor
or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Participant, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference, and the Participant hereby acknowledges receiving a copy of the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. Every
provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable and any illegal or invalid term shall not affect the validity or legality of the remaining terms. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the
Participant or the Company to the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the    Committee   ) for review, as provided for in the Plan. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be binding
on the Company and the Participant. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant set forth above.  

EVERTEC, INC.  

THE PARTICIPANT   

Name: 
   
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. 

Name: 
   
 Alan H. Schumacher  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 

Title: 
   
 Independent Director  
 
      2  

</EX-10.52>

<EX-10.53>
 6
 d228284dex1053.htm
 EX-10.53

EX-10.53 

Exhibit 10.53   
  EVERTEC, INC.      2013
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT  (this    Agreement   ) is made as of this July 29, 2016 (the    Date of
Grant   ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the person whose signature, name and title appear in the signature block hereof (the    Participant   ). Defined terms used but not
otherwise defined herein will have the meanings attributed to them in the Plan (defined below).      W I T N E S S E T H    
  WHEREAS,  the Company maintains the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan     
  WHEREAS,  Section 9 of the Plan authorizes the grant (the    Award   ) of Restricted Stock with respect to the common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (   Common Stock    and     WHEREAS,  in connection with the Participant s service as
a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Directorship   ), and in accordance with the Company s Independent Director Compensation Policy, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock to the Participant,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:      

1. 
   Grant of Restricted Stock  . In consideration of the Directorship and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein, the Company grants to the Participant 4,682 shares of Restricted
Stock (the    Restricted Shares   ).        

2. 
   Vesting  . The Restricted Shares shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the day immediately preceding the Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the Date of Grant (the
   Vesting Date   ), provided that the Participant is actively carrying out his or her duties in connection with the Directorship at all times from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date.    

3. 
   Termination  .        

(a) 
 In the event of the Participant s Disability (defined below) or in the event the Directorship is terminated due to the Participant s death, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the
date of Disability or the Termination Date (defined below), as applicable, shall automatically vest.        

(b) 
 In the event the Directorship is terminated other than as set forth in (a) above, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the Termination Date shall automatically be forfeited.    

(c) 
 For purposes of this  Section 3 :         Disability    shall mean the
Participant s inability to perform the Directorship by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of 6 months or more in any 12 month period.  
    Termination Date    is the date the Participant s Directorship is terminated under the circumstances set forth in
(a) or (b) above.      

4. 
   Rights as Stockholder; Dividends  . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder, including, but limited to the
right to vote and the right to receive any dividends.        

5. 
   Taxes  . On the Vesting Date, the Participant shall be responsible for paying the Company any taxes due on taxable income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Restricted Shares (the
   Tax Payment    provided, however, that (a) the Participant may satisfy payment of the Tax Payment through (i) a cash payment to the Company; (ii) authorizing the Company to repurchase from the shares of Common
Stock otherwise to be delivered to the Participant, a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Payment; or (iii) any combination of (i) and (ii); and (b) in the event that the Company determines that a Tax
Payment is required and the Participant fails to advance the Tax Payment after so requested by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Participant and
take such other action as deemed necessary to satisfy all obligations for the Tax Payment.    

6. 
   Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico applicable to contracts to be performed therein.    

7. 
   Notice  . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing and the notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon receipt by the party
entitled thereto. Any notice, request or other communication by the Participant should be delivered to the Company s General Counsel.        

8. 
   Miscellaneous  . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior communications, representations and
negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor
or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Participant, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference, and the Participant hereby acknowledges receiving a copy of the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. Every
provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable and any illegal or invalid term shall not affect the validity or legality of the remaining terms. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the
Participant or the Company to the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the    Committee   ) for review, as provided for in the Plan. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be binding
on the Company and the Participant. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant set forth above.  

EVERTEC, INC.  

THE PARTICIPANT   

Name: 
   
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. 

Name: 
   
 Olga Botero  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 

Title: 
   
 Independent Director  
 
      2  

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 7
 d228284dex1054.htm
 EX-10.54

EX-10.54 

Exhibit 10.54   
  EVERTEC, INC.      2013
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT  (this    Agreement   ) is made as of this July 29, 2016 (the    Date of
Grant   ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the person whose signature, name and title appear in the signature block hereof (the    Participant   ). Defined terms used but not
otherwise defined herein will have the meanings attributed to them in the Plan (defined below).      W I T N E S S E T H    
  WHEREAS,  the Company maintains the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan     
  WHEREAS,  Section 9 of the Plan authorizes the grant (the    Award   ) of Restricted Stock with respect to the common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (   Common Stock    and     WHEREAS,  in connection with the Participant s service as
a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Directorship   ), and in accordance with the Company s Independent Director Compensation Policy, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock to the Participant,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:      

1. 
   Grant of Restricted Stock  . In consideration of the Directorship and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein, the Company grants to the Participant 9,363 shares of Restricted
Stock (the    Restricted Shares   ).        

2. 
   Vesting  . The Restricted Shares shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the day immediately preceding the Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the Date of Grant (the
   Vesting Date   ), provided that the Participant is actively carrying out his or her duties in connection with the Directorship at all times from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date.    

3. 
   Termination  .        

(a) 
 In the event of the Participant s Disability (defined below) or in the event the Directorship is terminated due to the Participant s death, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the
date of Disability or the Termination Date (defined below), as applicable, shall automatically vest.        

(b) 
 In the event the Directorship is terminated other than as set forth in (a) above, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the Termination Date shall automatically be forfeited.    

(c) 
 For purposes of this  Section 3 :         Disability    shall mean the
Participant s inability to perform the Directorship by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of 6 months or more in any 12 month period.  
    Termination Date    is the date the Participant s Directorship is terminated under the circumstances set forth in
(a) or (b) above.      

4. 
   Rights as Stockholder; Dividends  . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder, including, but limited to the
right to vote and the right to receive any dividends.        

5. 
   Taxes  . On the Vesting Date, the Participant shall be responsible for paying the Company any taxes due on taxable income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Restricted Shares (the
   Tax Payment    provided, however, that (a) the Participant may satisfy payment of the Tax Payment through (i) a cash payment to the Company; (ii) authorizing the Company to repurchase from the shares of Common
Stock otherwise to be delivered to the Participant, a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Payment; or (iii) any combination of (i) and (ii); and (b) in the event that the Company determines that a Tax
Payment is required and the Participant fails to advance the Tax Payment after so requested by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Participant and
take such other action as deemed necessary to satisfy all obligations for the Tax Payment.    

6. 
   Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico applicable to contracts to be performed therein.    

7. 
   Notice  . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing and the notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon receipt by the party
entitled thereto. Any notice, request or other communication by the Participant should be delivered to the Company s General Counsel.        

8. 
   Miscellaneous  . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior communications, representations and
negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor
or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Participant, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference, and the Participant hereby acknowledges receiving a copy of the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. Every
provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable and any illegal or invalid term shall not affect the validity or legality of the remaining terms. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the
Participant or the Company to the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the    Committee   ) for review, as provided for in the Plan. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be binding
on the Company and the Participant. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant set forth above.  

EVERTEC, INC.  

THE PARTICIPANT   

Name: 
   
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. 

Name: 
   
 Brian J. Smith  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 

Title: 
   
 Independent Director  
 
      2  

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.55>
 8
 d228284dex1055.htm
 EX-10.55

EX-10.55 

Exhibit 10.55   
  EVERTEC, INC.      2013
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN      RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT  (this    Agreement   ) is made as of this July 29, 2016 (the    Date of
Grant   ), by and between EVERTEC, Inc. (the    Company   ) and the person whose signature, name and title appear in the signature block hereof (the    Participant   ). Defined terms used but not
otherwise defined herein will have the meanings attributed to them in the Plan (defined below).      W I T N E S S E T H    
  WHEREAS,  the Company maintains the EVERTEC, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the    Plan     
  WHEREAS,  Section 9 of the Plan authorizes the grant (the    Award   ) of Restricted Stock with respect to the common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (   Common Stock    and     WHEREAS,  in connection with the Participant s service as
a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the    Directorship   ), and in accordance with the Company s Independent Director Compensation Policy, the Company desires to grant Restricted Stock to the Participant,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement.     NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:      

1. 
   Grant of Restricted Stock  . In consideration of the Directorship and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth herein, the Company grants to the Participant 4,682 shares of Restricted
Stock (the    Restricted Shares   ).        

2. 
   Vesting  . The Restricted Shares shall vest and become non-forfeitable on the day immediately preceding the Company s next Annual Meeting of Stockholders following the Date of Grant (the
   Vesting Date   ), provided that the Participant is actively carrying out his or her duties in connection with the Directorship at all times from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date.    

3. 
   Termination  .        

(a) 
 In the event of the Participant s Disability (defined below) or in the event the Directorship is terminated due to the Participant s death, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the
date of Disability or the Termination Date (defined below), as applicable, shall automatically vest.        

(b) 
 In the event the Directorship is terminated other than as set forth in (a) above, all of the Restricted Shares that have not become vested as of the Termination Date shall automatically be forfeited.    

(c) 
 For purposes of this  Section 3 :         Disability    shall mean the
Participant s inability to perform the Directorship by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment for a period of 6 months or more in any 12 month period.  
    Termination Date    is the date the Participant s Directorship is terminated under the circumstances set forth in
(a) or (b) above.      

4. 
   Rights as Stockholder; Dividends  . The Participant shall be the record owner of the Restricted Shares, and as record owner shall be entitled to all rights of a stockholder, including, but limited to the
right to vote and the right to receive any dividends.        

5. 
   Taxes  . On the Vesting Date, the Participant shall be responsible for paying the Company any taxes due on taxable income recognized by the Participant with respect to the Restricted Shares (the
   Tax Payment    provided, however, that (a) the Participant may satisfy payment of the Tax Payment through (i) a cash payment to the Company; (ii) authorizing the Company to repurchase from the shares of Common
Stock otherwise to be delivered to the Participant, a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the Tax Payment; or (iii) any combination of (i) and (ii); and (b) in the event that the Company determines that a Tax
Payment is required and the Participant fails to advance the Tax Payment after so requested by the Company, the Company may, in its discretion, deduct any Tax Payments from any amount then or thereafter payable by the Company to the Participant and
take such other action as deemed necessary to satisfy all obligations for the Tax Payment.    

6. 
   Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico applicable to contracts to be performed therein.    

7. 
   Notice  . Every notice or other communication relating to this Agreement shall be made in writing and the notice, request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon receipt by the party
entitled thereto. Any notice, request or other communication by the Participant should be delivered to the Company s General Counsel.        

8. 
   Miscellaneous  . This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior communications, representations and
negotiations in respect thereto. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor
or successors of the Company and any person or persons who shall, upon the death of the Participant, acquire any rights hereunder in accordance with this Agreement or the Plan. The terms and provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by
reference, and the Participant hereby acknowledges receiving a copy of the Plan. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the Plan shall govern and control. Every
provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable and any illegal or invalid term shall not affect the validity or legality of the remaining terms. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted by the
Participant or the Company to the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the    Committee   ) for review, as provided for in the Plan. The resolution of such a dispute by the Committee shall be binding
on the Company and the Participant. This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and both of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the Date of Grant set forth above.  

EVERTEC, INC.  

THE PARTICIPANT   

Name: 
   
 Morgan M. Schuessler, Jr. 

Name: 
   
 Teresita Loubriel  
 
 Title: 
   
 Chief Executive Officer 

Title: 
   
 Independent Director  
 
      2  

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 9
 d228284dex1056.htm
 EX-10.56

EX-10.56 

Exhibit 10.56   
     EXECUTION COPY      
   SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE    
 THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE (the   Release  ) is made and entered into as of this 9 th  day of September 2016, by and between EVERTEC GROUP, LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company (the   Company  ), and Arturo D az-Abramo (the   Executive  ).
   FOR VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:  
 1.     Termination of Employment . Effective the close of business on September 9, 2016 (the   Separation
Date  ), the Executive and the Company agree that the Executive s employment with the Company terminated. Effective on the Separation Date, the Executive has resigned from all positions he holds as an officer and/or member of the board
of directors or board of managers of EVERTEC, Inc. (  Parent  ) and any of its subsidiaries, including the Company (Parent and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the Company, are hereinafter referred to as the
  Company Group  ) and from all committees of any such board of directors or board of managers. The Executive agrees that he will not hereafter seek reinstatement, recall or re-employment with the Company Group. The Executive further
agrees that, in the event he is employed by any company or other entity that is acquired by or merged with any member of the Company Group, he shall resign from said employment immediately upon the acquisition, and that should the Executive fail or
refuse to do so, this shall constitute just cause for termination and the Company Group may terminate his employment and the Executive shall have no recourse against the Company Group. The Executive acknowledges that this Release constitutes the
required notice of termination of the Executive s employment pursuant to Section 3(g) of the Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and the Executive, dated March 1, 2015 (the   Employment
Agreement  ).    2.    (a)  Settlement Payment.  As a settlement payment, and provided this Release is
executed and not revoked by Executive, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following payments and benefits:  
 (i)    A lump sum payment of $250,000 (the   Severance Payment  ) on or before 60 calendar days after the
Separation Date.    (ii)    17,206 RSUs shall automatically vest on the Separation Date. These RSUs are time-based and
were issued pursuant to the 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan and the 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan (the   LTIP Time-Based RSUs  ). The LTIP Time-Based RSUs must be settled with 75 calendar days of the Separation Date. In addition, 1,937
performance-based RSUs shall remain outstanding and capable of vesting in the normal course ( i.e. , on January 1, 2018) subject to the actual corporate performance of EVERTEC, Inc. (  Parent  ). These performance-based RSUs are
calculated by dividing 20 (the months Executive was employed by the Company starting on January 1, 2015) by 36 (which is the number of months in the vesting period), which equals 55.56% of the performance-based RSUs granted to
 
      1  

Executive under the 2015 Long Term Incentive Plan. Also, 1,569 performance-based RSUs shall remain outstanding and capable of vesting in the normal course ( i.e.,  on February 19, 2019)
subject to the actual corporate performance of Parent. These performance-based RSUs are calculated by dividing 7 (the months Executive was employed by the Company starting on February 19, 2016) by 36 (which is the number of months in the vesting
period), which equals 19.44% of the performance-based RSUs granted to Executive under the 2016 Long Term Incentive Plan.  
 (iii)    The Company will transfer title of the Company automobile that Executive currently utilizes at no cost to
Executive effective the Separation Date.    (iv)    Accrued but unused vacation, if any, as of the Separation Date, to
be paid in a lump sum on or before 60 calendar days after the Separation Date.    (v)    The amount of any unpaid
expense reimbursements to which Executive may be entitled pursuant to his Employment Agreement.    (vi)    Executive
shall be paid $100,000 as a pro-rated amount of his Bonus (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and will be payable when the Severance Payment is paid.  
 (vii)    The Company shall provide healthcare benefits to the Executive for a term of 365 days upon the date of execution
of this agreement. Healthcare benefit plan will be equal and/or the same as the Executive held during his employment with the Company.   The
Company may withhold from all amounts payable under this Release such federal, state, local and payroll taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation.  
 (b)     Continuing Rights . The Executive agrees that, except for the payments and benefits set forth above, he has
been paid all other compensation due to him, including but not limited to all salary, hourly pay, overtime pay, bonuses, deferred compensation, incentives and all other compensation of any nature whatsoever, and (ii) does not have any equity or
equity-based ownership interest in Parent or any other member of the Company Group other than 66,667 vested options and 33,333 unvested options at an exercise price of $24.01 per share each of which vests in February 2017, the terms of which option
shall continue to be governed by Parent s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. No other sums (contingent or otherwise) shall be paid to the Executive in respect of his employment by the Company, and any such sums (whether or not owed) are hereby
expressly waived by the Executive.    (c)     Continuing Entitlement . The Executive acknowledges that his
continuing entitlement to payments and benefits under this Paragraph 2 shall be conditioned upon his continuing compliance with Paragraphs 1, 4, 5, 6, 9(c) or 14 of this Release and any violation of Paragraphs 1, 4, 6, 9(a) or 14 by
the Executive shall terminate the Company s obligation to continue to make payments or provide benefits in accordance with this Paragraph 2.  
      2  

(d)     Unjust Dismissal . The Executive acknowledges that the amount
described in paragraph 2 (a)(i) is much higher than what he would be entitled to receive under Act No. 80 of May 30, 1976. Therefore, Executive agrees that said amount should be computed against any severance calculation.  
 3.     General Release . As a material inducement to the Company to enter into this Release and in consideration of
the payments to be made by the Company to the Executive in accordance with Paragraph 2 above, the Executive, on behalf of himself, his representatives, agents, estate, heirs, successors and assigns, and with full understanding of the contents
and legal effect of this Release and having the right and opportunity to consult with his counsel, releases and discharges each member of the Company Group, each of their respective shareholders, officers, directors, supervisors, members, managers,
employees, agents, representatives, attorneys, insurers, divisions, affiliates, and all employee benefit plans sponsored by or contributed to by any member of the Company Group (including any fiduciaries thereof), and all related entities of any
kind or nature, and its and their predecessors, successors, heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns (collectively, the   Released Parties  ) from any and all claims, actions, causes of action, grievances, suits, charges, or
complaints of any kind or nature whatsoever, that he ever had or now has, whether fixed or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, and whether arising in tort, contract, statute, or equity, before any
federal, state, local, or private court, agency, arbitrator, mediator, or other entity, regardless of the relief or remedy; provided, however, and subject to Paragraph 4 below, the Release is not intended to and does not limit the Executive s
right to file a charge or participate in an investigative proceeding of a governmental agency. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it being the intention of the parties to make this Release as broad and as general as the law permits,
this Release specifically includes, but is not limited to, and is intended to explicitly release, any and all subject matter and claims arising from or in connection with any alleged violation by any of the Released Parties under the Employment
Agreement or Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Acts of 1866 and 1991 and Executive Order 11246, which prohibit employment discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin; the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act of 1967 and the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, which prohibit employment discrimination because of age against individuals who are 40 years of age or older; the Equal Pay Act, which prohibits sex-based wage
discrimination against men and women who perform substantially equal work in the same establishment; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA), which prohibits employment discrimination against qualified individuals with disabilities in the
private sector, in state and local governments; and Sections 501 and 505 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, which prohibit federal contractors to discriminate in employment against qualified individuals with disabilities; the Genetic Information
Nondiscrimination Act (GINA) of May 21, 2008, which prohibits discrimination against employees based on genetic information; the Family and Medical Leave Act, which protects employees  rights to medical and family leave; the Uniformed Services
Employment and Reemployment Rights Act (USERRA); the Vietnam Era Veterans  Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (VEVRAA); the Constitution of Puerto Rico, which prohibits discriminatory treatment; Law 69 of July 6, 1985, which prohibits
employment discrimination on the basis of sex; Law 17 of April 22, 1988, which prohibits sexual harassment in employment; Law 100 of June 30, 1959, as amended, which prohibits employment  
      3  

discrimination based on age, race, color, sex, marital status, social or national origin, social condition, political affiliation, political or religious beliefs, or against an employee for being
a victim or being perceived as a victim of domestic violence, sexual aggression or stalking, or based on sexual orientation or gender identity; Law 116 of December 20, 1991; Law 44 of July 2, 1985, which prohibits employment discrimination against
qualified individuals with disabilities or under any other local, state or federal law which prohibits discrimination, harassment or retaliation; Act 139 of June 26, 1968 (SINOT); Act 45 of April 18, 1935 (State Insurance Fund); the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA); the Workers Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act (WARN); the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA); the Federal Bankruptcy Act; the Insurance and the Civil Codes of
Puerto Rico; Law 80 of May 30, 1976; Law 379 (Days and Hours of Work); Law 96 of June 26, 1956 (Minimum Wage); Law 180 of July 27, 1998 (vacation and sick leave); Act No. 80 of May 30, 1976 (unjust dismissal) and any other federal, state or local
(including Puerto Rico) laws (including, with respect to each law or regulation referenced above, any amendments thereto), whether based on statute, regulation or common law, providing workers  compensation benefits; restricting an
employer s right to terminate employees or otherwise regulating employment; or enforcing express or implied employment contracts or requiring an employer to deal with employees fairly or in good faith; providing recourse for alleged wrongful
discharge, harassment or discrimination, physical or personal injury, emotional distress, fraud, negligent misrepresentation, libel, slander, defamation and similar or related claims and any other statutory claim, tort claim, employment or other
contract or implied contract claim, or common law claim for wrongful discharge, breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, defamation, invasion of privacy, or any other claim, arising out of or in connection with or involving his
employment with the Company, the termination of his employment with the Company, or involving any other matter, including but not limited to the continuing effects of his employment with the Company or termination of employment with the Company. The
Executive further acknowledges that he is aware that statutes exist that render null and void releases and discharges of any claims, rights, demands, liabilities, action and causes of action that are unknown to the releasing or discharging party at
the time of execution of the release and discharge. The Executive hereby expressly waives, surrenders and agrees to forego any protection to which he would otherwise be entitled by virtue of the existence of any such statute in any jurisdiction
including, but not limited to, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. The waivers and releases previously mentioned include any damages arising after the signature of this document as a result of the continuous effect of any act or omission that occurred
before the signature of this document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Release will not waive rights or claims that may arise after the Release becomes effective, nor will it apply to any rights of indemnification, contribution, or to be held
harmless, or to the coverage afforded by any directors and officers insurance maintained by the Company Group, as in effect as of the Separation Date. This Release will not waive any rights to which the Executive is otherwise entitled with respect
to his vested retirement benefits. This Release will not waive any right to enforce the terms of this Release.  
 4.     Covenant Not to Sue . The Executive, for himself, his heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns
agrees not to bring, file, claim, sue or cause, assist, or permit to be brought, filed, or claimed any action, cause of action or proceeding regarding or in  
      4  

any way related to any of the claims described in Paragraph 3 hereof. The Executive further agrees that this Release will constitute and may be pleaded as, a bar to any such claim,
cause of action or proceeding. If the Executive files a charge or participates in an investigative proceeding of a governmental agency, or is otherwise made a party to any proceedings described in Paragraph 3 hereof, the Executive will not seek and
will not accept any personal equitable or monetary relief in connection with such charge or investigative or other proceeding.  
 5.     Indemnification . The Executive will fully indemnify the Released Parties against and will hold the Released
Parties harmless from any and all claims, costs, damages, demands, expenses (including without limitation attorneys  fees), judgments, losses or other liabilities of any kind or nature whatsoever arising from or directly or indirectly related
to any or all of this Release and the conduct of the Executive hereunder, including without limitation any material breach or failure to comply with any or all of the provisions of this Release.  
 6.     Restrictive Covenants . The Executive and the Company acknowledge and agree that they shall continue to be
bound by the covenants set forth in Sections 5 and 6 of his Employment Agreement, which are hereby incorporated by reference.  
 7.     Severability . If any provision of this Release shall be found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision shall be construed and/or modified or restricted to the extent and in the manner necessary to render the same valid and enforceable, or shall be deemed excised from this Release, as
the case may require, and this Release shall be construed and enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law, as if such provision had been originally incorporated herein as so modified or restricted, or as if such provision had not been originally
incorporated herein, as the case may be. The parties further agree to seek a lawful substitute for any provision found to be unlawful; provided, that, if the parties are unable to agree upon a lawful substitute, the parties desire and request that a
court or other authority called upon to decide the enforceability of this Release modify the Release so that, once modified, the Release will be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the law in existence at the time of the requested
enforcement.    8.     Waiver . A waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Release by the
Executive shall not operate or be construed as a waiver or estoppel of any subsequent breach by the Executive. No waiver shall be valid unless in writing and signed by an authorized officer of the Company.  
 9.     Miscellaneous Provisions .  
 a.     Representation . The Executive represents and certifies that he has carefully read and fully understands all
of the provisions and effects of this Release and has knowingly and voluntarily entered into this Release freely and without coercion. The Executive acknowledges that the Company advised him to consult with an attorney prior to executing this
Release and further advised him that he had 45 calendar days within which to review and consider this Release. Executive understands that he can waive the 45-day period to evaluate and consider this Agreement and that, if he signs this Release in
less time, he has done so voluntarily in order to obtain sooner the benefits under this Release. The Executive is voluntarily entering into this  
      5  

Release and no member of the Company Group nor any other Released Parties made any representations concerning the terms or effects of this Release other than those contained in the Release itself
and the Executive is not relying on any statement or representation by the Company or any other Released Parties in executing this Release. The Executive is relying on his own judgment and that of his attorney to the extent so retained. The
Executive also specifically affirms that this Release clearly expresses his intent to waive fraudulent inducement claims, and that he disclaims any reliance on representations about any of the specific matters in dispute.  
 b.     Revocation . The Executive acknowledges that he has 7 calendar days from the date this Release is executed in
which to revoke his acceptance of this Release, and this Release will not be effective or enforceable until such 7-day period has expired. To be effective, any such revocation must be in writing and delivered to the Company s principal place of
business, Attn.: Marcelino Zayas, on or before the 7 th  calendar day after signing and must expressly state the Executive s intention to revoke this Release.  
 c.     Return of Property . By signing this Release, the Executive affirms having returned to the Company all of the
Company s property that is in the Executive s possession, custody or control, including, without limitation, (a) all keys, access cards, credit cards, computer hardware (including but not limited to all hard drives, diskettes, compact
disks, DVDs, electronic storage devices, and personal data assistants, and the contents of all such hardware, as well as any passwords or codes or instructions needed to operate any such hardware), computer software and programs, data, materials,
papers, books, files, documents, records, policies, client and customer information and lists, marketing information, design information, specifications and plans, data base information and lists, mailing lists, notes, and any other property or
information that the Executive has or had relating to the Company Group (whether those materials are in paper, electronic or computer-stored form or in any other form or medium), and (b) all documents and other property containing, summarizing,
or describing any Confidential Information (as defined in the Second Amended and Reinstated Employment Agreement), including all originals and copies. The Executive affirms that he has not retained any such property or information in any form, and
will not give copies of such property or information or disclose their contents to any other person.  
 10.     Complete Agreement . This Release sets forth the entire agreement between the parties, and fully supersedes
any and all prior agreements or understandings, whether oral or written, between the parties pertaining to actual or potential claims arising from the Executive s employment with the Company or the termination of the Executive s employment
with the Company;  provided ,  however , that all obligations and rights arising under Sections 5-9 and 14 of the Employment Agreement, which are incorporated by reference herein, shall not be superseded, shall be unaffected hereby, and
shall remain in full force and effect. The Executive expressly warrants and represents that no promise or agreement which is not herein expressed has been made to him in executing this Release.  
 11.     No Pending or Future Lawsuits . The Executive represents that he has no lawsuits, claims or actions against
the Company Group or any of the Released Parties. The Executive also  
      6  

represents that he does not intend to bring any claims on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity against the Company Group or any of the Released Parties.  
 12.     No Admission of Liability . The Executive understands and acknowledges that this Release constitutes a
compromise and settlement of any and all actual or potential disputed claims by the Executive. No action taken by the Company Group hereto, either previously or in connection with this Release, shall be deemed or construed to be (a) an admission of
the truth or falsity of any actual or potential claims or (b) an acknowledgment or admission by the Company Group of any fault or liability whatsoever to the Executive or any third party.  
 13.     Reimbursement . If the Executive or his heirs, executors, administrators, successors or assigns (a) is
in breach of or breaches Paragraphs 1, 5, 6, 9(c) or 14 of this Release, or (b) attempts to challenge the enforceability of this Release, or (c) files a charge of discrimination or unjust dismissal, a lawsuit of any kind or nature
against one or more of the Released Parties, or a claim of any kind or nature against one or more of the Released Parties, the Executive or his heirs, executors, administrators, successors or assigns shall be obligated to tender back to the Company,
as a contractual remedy hereunder, all payments made to him or them under this Release, or any amount of actual damages proven by the Company, if greater. Further, the Executive shall indemnify and hold harmless the Released Parties from and against
all liability, costs and expenses, including attorneys  fees, arising out of said breach, challenge or action by the Executive, his heirs, executors, administrators, successors or assigns. The Company and the Executive acknowledge that the
remedy set forth hereunder is not to be considered a form of liquidated damages and the tender back shall not be the exclusive remedy hereunder.  
 14.     Future Cooperation . In connection with any and all present and future claims, disputes, negotiations,
investigations, lawsuits, arbitration or administrative proceedings involving the Company Group, the Executive agrees to make himself available, upon reasonable notice from the Company Group and without the necessity of subpoena, to provide
information, documents, declarations or statements to the Company Group; meet with attorneys or other representatives of the Company Group; prepare for and give depositions or testimony, participate as a witness at trial; participate in trial
preparation and/or otherwise fully cooperate in the investigation, defense or prosecution of any or all such matters.  
 15.     Joint Participation . The parties hereto participated jointly in the negotiation and preparation of this
Release, and each party has had the opportunity to obtain the advice of legal counsel and to review and comment upon the Release. Accordingly, it is agreed that no rule of construction shall apply against any party or in favor of any party. This
Release shall be construed as if the parties jointly prepared this Release, and any uncertainty or ambiguity shall not be interpreted against one party and in favor of the other.  
 16.     Governing Law . THIS RELEASE WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE
COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OF LAW OR CONFLICTING PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE THE LAWS OF
 
      7  

ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO TO BE APPLIED. IN FURTHERANCE OF THE FOREGOING, THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO WILL CONTROL THE INTERPRETATION AND
CONSTRUCTION OF THIS RELEASE, EVEN IF UNDER SUCH JURISDICTION S CHOICE OF LAW OR CONFLICT OF LAW ANALYSIS, THE SUBSTANTIVE LAW OF SOME OTHER JURISDICTION WOULD ORDINARILY APPLY.  
   
   a.     Arbitration . Any controversy, dispute or
claim arising out of or relating to this Release, or its interpretation, application, implementation, breach or enforcement which the parties are unable to resolve by mutual agreement, shall be settled by submission by either party of the
controversy, claim or dispute to binding arbitration in San Juan, Puerto Rico (unless the parties agree in writing to a different location), before a single arbitrator in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the American
Arbitration Association then in effect. In any such arbitration proceeding the parties agree to provide all discovery deemed necessary by the arbitrator. The decision and award made by the arbitrator shall be accompanied by a reasoned opinion, and
shall be final, binding and conclusive on the parties for all purposes, and judgment may be entered thereon in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The Company will bear the totality of the arbitrator s and administrative fees and costs. Each
party shall bear its or his litigation costs and expenses. Upon the request of any of the parties, at any time prior to the beginning of the arbitration hearing the parties may attempt in good faith to settle the dispute by mediation administered by
the American Arbitration Association. The Company will bear the totality of the mediator s and administrative fees and costs.  
 b.     Waiver of Jury Trial . THE COMPANY AND THE EXECUTIVE EACH HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS RELEASE.    18.     Execution of
Release . This Release may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original, but which when taken together, shall constitute one Release. The Release, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine or
by PDF File (portable document format file), shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the originally signed version delivered in
person. At the request of either party hereto, the other party shall re-execute original forms hereof and deliver them to all other parties.  
  PLEASE READ THIS RELEASE AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER ALL OF ITS PROVISIONS BEFORE SIGNING IT. THIS RELEASE CONTAINS A RELEASE OF ALL KNOWN AND
UNKNOWN CLAIMS.     [Signature Page Follows]  
      8  

EXECUTION COPY      
      IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Executive and the Company have
voluntarily signed this Separation Agreement and General Release consisting of nine (9) pages effective as of the date first written above, this 9 th  of September, 2016.  

EVERTEC GROUP, LLC   

By: 

Name:    
   
 Morgan M. Schuessler  

Title:  
   
 Chief Executive Officer  

Signature:  

Arturo D az-Abramo  

9  

</EX-10.56>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 d228284dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a)   
 I, Morgan Schuessler, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of EVERTEC, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Morgan Schuessler   

Morgan Schuessler  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 d228284dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a)   
 I, Peter J.S. Smith, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of EVERTEC, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant
and have:        

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and        

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Peter J.S. Smith   

Peter J.S. Smith  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 d228284dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1   
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350   
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 , the undersigned officer of EVERTEC, Inc. (the
 Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that:    The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Morgan Schuessler   

Morgan Schuessler  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 d228284dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2   
  Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350   
  As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of EVERTEC, Inc. (the
 Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that:    The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 (the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Peter J.S. Smith   

Peter J.S. Smith  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 14
 evtc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 evtc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 evtc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 evtc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 evtc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 evtc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

