<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1175454_0001175454-16-000015_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7519141</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177980</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>385625</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2837071</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2957848</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>998727</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001175454-16-000015.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109164809
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001175454-16-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001175454
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35004
		FILM NUMBER:		161984876

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5445 TRIANGLE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30092
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-877-9019

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5445 TRIANGLE PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			NORCROSS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30092

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001175454-16-000015.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 flt_10-qx09302016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
   __________________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
   __________________________________________________________ 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number: 001-35004 
   __________________________________________________________ 
  FleetCor Technologies, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
   __________________________________________________________ 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (770) 449-0479 
   __________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Table of Contents  

FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  FORM 10-Q 
  For the   Three and Nine   Month Periods Ended   September 30, 2016    
  INDEX 

Page 
      PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    1 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    2 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 

Unaudited Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2. 
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    19 

Item 3. 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    38 

Item 4. 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    38 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    39 

Item 1A. 
     RISK FACTORS  
    39 

Item 2. 
     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
    39 

Item 3. 
     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
    39 

Item 4. 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
    39 

Item 5. 
     OTHER INFORMATION  
    39 

Item 6. 
     EXHIBITS  
    40 

SIGNATURES  
    41 

i 

Table of Contents  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
  FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In Thousands, Except Share and Par Value Amounts) 
   
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income 
  (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

2 

Table of Contents  

FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (In Thousands) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In Thousands) 

4 

     Table of Contents  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
  September 30, 2016    
   
  1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Basis of Presentation 
  Throughout this report, the terms  our,   we,   us,  and the  Company  refers to FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries. The Company prepared the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements in accordance with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). The unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments considered necessary for fair presentation. These adjustments consist primarily of normal recurring accruals and estimates that impact the carrying value of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Operating results for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
  The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Foreign Currency Translation 
  Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the rates of exchange in effect at period-end. The related translation adjustments are made directly to accumulated other comprehensive income. Income and expenses are translated at the average monthly rates of exchange in effect during the period. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions of these subsidiaries are included in net income. The Company recognized foreign exchange losses of   $0.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   no   foreign exchange losses or gains for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The Company recognized foreign exchange losses of   $1.5 million   and   $2.6 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, which are recorded within other expense, net in the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Revision of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
  As discussed in footnote 2 to the Company's 2015 consolidated financial statements, the Company corrected a misstatement in other comprehensive income to properly reflect the translation of goodwill and certain acquired intangible assets. Other comprehensive income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   has been revised from our previously reported loss of   $89.5 million   and   $175.7 million  , respectively, to be consistent with the presentation in the December 31, 2015 financial statements. The Company does not believe this revision is material to any prior period financial statements.  
  Certain amounts related to transactions with our equity method investment have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows within investing activities.  
  Adoption of New Accounting Standards 
  Going Concern 
  In August 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-15  Disclosure of Uncertainties About an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , which requires entities to perform interim and annual assessments of the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date of issuance of the entity s financial statements. This ASU is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company s adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows, as it is disclosure based. 
  Revenue Recognition  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which amends the guidance in former ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. This amended guidance requires revenue to be recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled for those goods and services when the performance obligation has been satisfied. This amended guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and related cash flows arising from contracts with customers. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date , which defers the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard by one year. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus  
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

Net) , which clarifies how an entity should identify the unit of accounting for the principal versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, "Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing", which clarifies the accounting for intellectual property licenses and identifying performance obligations. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-11, "Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting", which rescinds certain SEC guidance in response to announcements made by the SEC staff at the EITF's March 3, 2016 meeting and ASU 2016-12, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients", which clarifies the guidance on collectibility, non-cash consideration, the presentation of sales and other similar taxes collected from customers and contract modifications and completed contracts at transition. Additionally, ASU 2016-12 clarifies that entities electing the full retrospective transition method would no longer be required to disclose the effect of the change in accounting principle on the period of adoption; however, entities would still be required to disclose the effects on preadoption periods that were retrospectively adjusted. These ASUs are effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, but permit companies the option to adopt as of the original effective date. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASC 606. The guidance permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company anticipates selecting the modified retrospective method during transition and is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of ASC 606 on the results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
  Simplification of Guidance on Debt Issuance Costs 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-3,  Interest Imputation of Interest , which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. This ASU is effective for us for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2015 and interim periods. Early adoption is permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  Interest-Imputation of Interest: Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements , which is effective immediately. The SEC staff clarified that entities may continue presenting unamortized debt issuance costs for line-of-credit arrangements as an asset. The Company adopted this new guidance on January 1, 2016. As a result of the adoption of this ASU,   $0.6 million   and   $1.5 million   of unamortized debt issuance costs were retrospectively adjusted from prepaid expenses and other current assets to the current portion of notes payable and lines of credit and other assets to notes payable and other obligations, less current portion, respectively, in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015. 
  Simplification of Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which requires entities to present deferred tax assets (DTAs) and deferred tax liabilities (DTLs) as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. It thus simplifies the current guidance, which requires entities to separately present DTAs and DTLs as current or noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Netting of DTAs and DTLs by tax jurisdiction is still required under the new guidance. This ASU is effective for the Company for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company s adoption of this ASU in 2017 is not expected to have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
  Accounting for Leases 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases , which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with the exception of short-term leases. This ASU also requires disclosures to provide additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. This ASU is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition and requires application of the new guidance for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.   
  Accounting for Breakage 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-04,  Liabilities-Extinguishments of Liabilities: Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products , which requires entities that sell prepaid stored value products redeemable for goods, services or cash at third-party merchants to derecognize liabilities related to those products for breakage. This ASU is effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The ASU must be adopted using either a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption or a full retrospective approach. The Company s adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.  
  Accounting for Employee Stock-Based Payment 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting", which requires excess tax benefits recognized on stock-based compensation expense be reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as a component of the provision for income taxes on a prospective basis. ASU 2016-09 also requires excess tax benefits recognized on stock-based compensation expense be classified as an operating activity in the  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

consolidated statements of cash flows rather than a financing activity. Companies can elect to apply this provision retrospectively or prospectively. ASU 2016-09 also requires entities to elect whether to account for forfeitures as they occur or estimate expected forfeitures over the course of a vesting period. This ASU is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.  
  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-09. The adoption of this ASU resulted in excess tax benefits being recorded as a reduction of income tax expense prospectively for all periods during 2016, rather than additional paid in capital, and an increase in the number of dilutive shares outstanding at the end of each period, which resulted in an increase to diluted earnings per share during the respective period.  As required by ASU 2016-09, excess tax benefits recognized on stock-based compensation expense are classified as an operating activity in our consolidated statements of cash flows on a prospective basis within changes in accounts payable, accrued expenses and customer deposits. In accordance with ASU 2016-09, prior periods related to the classification of excess tax benefits have not been adjusted. The Company also elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than estimate expected forfeitures over the course of a vesting period. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09, the net cumulative effect of this change was not material.  
  The following table shows the impact of retrospectively applying ASU 2016-09 to the previously issued consolidated statements of operations for the three month period ended March 31 and the three and six month periods ended June 30 (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

The following table shows the impact of retrospectively applying this guidance to the Consolidated Statement of Cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and six months ended June 30, 2016 (in thousands): 
  .  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Cash Flow Classification 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, "Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments", which amends the guidance in ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows. This amended guidance reduces the diversity in practice that has resulted from the lack of consistent principles related to the classification of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. Entities must apply the guidance retrospectively to all periods presented but may apply it prospectively from the earliest date practicable if retrospective application would be impracticable. The Company s adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.  
   
  2. Accounts Receivable 
  The Company maintains a   $950 million   revolving trade accounts receivable Securitization Facility. Accounts receivable collateralized within our Securitization Facility relate to trade receivables resulting from charge card activity. Pursuant to the terms of the Securitization Facility, the Company transfers certain of its domestic receivables, on a revolving basis, to FleetCor Funding LLC (Funding) a wholly-owned bankruptcy remote subsidiary. In turn, Funding sells, without recourse, on a revolving basis, up to   $950 million   of undivided ownership interests in this pool of accounts receivable to a multi-seller, asset-backed commercial paper conduit (Conduit). Funding maintains a subordinated interest, in the form of over-collateralization, in a portion of the receivables sold to the Conduit. Purchases by the Conduit are financed with the sale of highly-rated commercial paper. 
  The Company utilizes proceeds from the sale of its accounts receivable as an alternative to other forms of financing to reduce its overall borrowing costs. The Company has agreed to continue servicing the sold receivables for the financial institution at market rates, which approximates the Company s cost of servicing. The Company retains a residual interest in the accounts receivable sold as a form of credit enhancement. The residual interest s fair value approximates carrying value due to its short-term nature. Funding determines the level of funding achieved by the sale of trade accounts receivable, subject to a maximum amount. 
  The Company s consolidated balance sheets and statements of income reflect the activity related to securitized accounts receivable and the corresponding securitized debt, including interest income, fees generated from late payments, provision for losses on accounts receivable and interest expense. The cash flows from borrowings and repayments, associated with the securitized debt, are presented as cash flows from financing activities.  
  The Company s accounts receivable and securitized accounts receivable include the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):     

9 

     Table of Contents  

A rollforward of the Company s allowance for doubtful accounts related to accounts receivable for   nine   months ended   September 30   is as follows (in thousands): 

Foreign receivables are not included in the Company s accounts receivable securitization program. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , there was   $656 million   and   $614 million  , respectively, of short-term debt outstanding under the Company s accounts receivable Securitization Facility. 
   
  3. Fair Value Measurements 
  Fair value is a market-based measurement that reflects assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. GAAP discusses valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). These valuation techniques are based upon observable and unobservable inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company s market assumptions. 
  As the basis for evaluating such inputs, a three-tier value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 
                
    Level 2: Observable inputs other than quoted prices that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for similar or identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. 
                
    Level 3: Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions. The fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
     The following table presents the Company s financial assets and liabilities which are measured at fair values on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , (in thousands).    

The Company has highly liquid investments classified as cash equivalents, with original maturities of 90 days or less, included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company utilizes Level 2 fair value determinations derived from directly or indirectly observable (market based) information to determine the fair value of these highly liquid investments. The Company has certain cash and cash equivalents that are invested on an overnight basis in repurchase agreements, money markets and certificates of deposit. The value of overnight repurchase agreements is determined based upon the quoted market prices for the treasury securities associated with the repurchase agreements. The value of money market instruments is the financial institutions'  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

month-end statement, as these instruments are not tradeable and must be settled directly by us with the respective financial institution.  Certificates of deposit are valued at cost, plus interest accrued. Given the short term nature of these instruments, the carrying value approximates fair value. 
  The level within the fair value hierarchy and the measurement technique are reviewed quarterly. Transfers between levels are deemed to have occurred at the end of the quarter. There were no transfers between fair value levels during the periods presented for   2016   and   2015  . 
  The Company s nonfinancial assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include those in connection with periodic testing for impairment include property, plant and equipment, equity method investment, goodwill and other intangible assets.  While completing the preliminary acquisition accounting in 2016, the Company generally uses projected cash flows, discounted as appropriate, to estimate the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed using key inputs such as management s projections of cash flows on a held-and-used basis (if applicable), management s projections of cash flows upon disposition and discount rates. Accordingly, these fair value measurements are in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  
  The fair value of the Company s cash, accounts receivable, securitized accounts receivable and related facility, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses, customer deposits and short-term borrowings approximate their respective carrying values due to the short-term maturities of the instruments. The carrying value of the Company s debt obligations approximates fair value as the interest rates on the debt are variable market based interest rates that reset on a quarterly basis. These are each Level 2 fair value measurements, except for cash, which is a Level 1 fair value measurement. 
   
  4. Stockholders' Equity 
  On February 4, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the "Program") under which the Company may begin purchasing up to an aggregate of   $500 million   of its common stock over the following   18   month period. Any stock repurchases may be made at times and in such amounts as deemed appropriate. The timing and amount of stock repurchases, if any, will depend on a variety of factors including the stock price, market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and any additional constraints related to material inside information that the Company may possess. Any repurchases are expected to be funded by available cash flow from the business and working capital. There were   259,145   shares totaling   $35.5 million   repurchased under the Program during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
   
  5. Stock-Based Compensation 
  The Company has Stock Incentive Plans (the "Plans") pursuant to which the Company s board of directors may grant stock options or restricted stock to employees. The table below summarizes the expense recognized related to stock-based payments recognized for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30   (in thousands):    

The tax benefits recorded on stock based compensation were   $28.4 million   and   $13.9 million   for the   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  The following table summarizes the Company s total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock-based compensation as of   September 30, 2016   (cost in thousands): 

Stock Options 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Stock options are granted with an exercise price estimated to be equal to the fair market value of the Company's stock on the date of grant as authorized by the Company s board of directors. Options granted have vesting provisions ranging from   one   to   six   years and vesting of the options is generally based on the passage of time or performance. Stock option grants are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. 
    
  The following summarizes the changes in the number of shares of common stock under option for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016   (shares and aggregate intrinsic value in thousands): 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercisable at   September 30, 2016   was   $407.9 million  . The weighted average remaining contractual term of options exercisable at   September 30, 2016   was   5.1   years. 
  The fair value of stock option awards granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , with the following weighted-average assumptions for grants or modifications during the period: 

Restricted Stock 
  Awards of restricted stock and restricted stock units are independent of stock option grants and are subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. The vesting of shares granted is generally based on the passage of time or performance, or a combination of these. Shares vesting based on the passage of time have vesting provisions of   one   year. 
  The following table summarizes the changes in the number of shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (shares in thousands):    

6. Acquisitions 
  2016 Acquisitions 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company completed acquisitions with an aggregate purchase price of   $1.33 billion  , net of cash acquired of   $51.4 million  , which includes deferred payments made during the period related to prior acquisitions of   $5.3 million  .   
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company made additional investments of   $7.9 million   related to its equity method investment at Masternaut Group Holdings Limited ("Masternaut"). Additionally, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded an approximately   $9.3 million   non-recurring gain recorded within operating results related to its investment at Masternaut.  
    
  STP 
    
  On August 31, 2016, the Company acquired all of the outstanding stock of Servi os e Tecnologia de Pagamentos S.A. ( STP ), for approximately   $1.25 billion  , net of cash acquired of   $40.3 million  . STP is an electronic toll payments company in Brazil and provides cardless fuel payments at a number of Shell sites throughout Brazil. The purpose of this acquisition was to enter the toll market in Brazil.The Company financed the acquisition using a combination of existing cash and borrowings under its existing credit facility. Results from the acquired business have been reported in the Company's international segment since the date of acquisition. The following table summarizes the preliminary acquisition accounting for STP (in thousands):  

The estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired and the related estimated useful lives consisted of the following (in thousands): 

The purchase price allocation related to this acquisition is preliminary as the Company is still completing the valuation for intangible assets, income taxes, certain acquired contingencies and the working capital adjustment period remains open. Goodwill recognized is comprised primarily of expected synergies from combining the operations of the Company and STP and assembled workforce. The allocation of the goodwill to the reporting units has not been completed. The goodwill acquired with this business is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
    
  Other 
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company acquired additional fuel card portfolios in the U.S. and the United Kingdom, additional Shell fuel card markets in Europe and Travelcard in the Netherlands totaling approximately   $76.7 million  , net of cash acquired of   $11.1 million  . The following table summarizes the preliminary acquisition accounting for these acquisitions (in thousands):  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

The estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired and the related estimated useful lives consisted of the following (in thousands): 

The other 2016 acquisitions were not material individually or in the aggregate to the Company s consolidated financial statements. The accounting for certain of these acquisitions is preliminary as the Company is still completing the valuation of intangible assets, income taxes and evaluation of acquired contingencies.  
    
  2015 Acquisitions 
    
  During   2015  , the Company completed acquisitions of Shell portfolios related to its fuel card businesses in Europe, as well as a small acquisition internationally, with an aggregate purchase price of   $46.3 million  , made additional investments of   $8.4 million   related to Masternaut and deferred payments of   $3.4 million   related to acquisitions occurring in prior years.  
    
  The following table summarizes the acquisition accounting for the acquisitions completed during 2015 (in thousands):  

The fair value of intangible assets acquired and the related estimated useful lives consisted of the following (in thousands): 

The 2015 acquisitions were not material individually or in the aggregate to the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
   
  7. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
  A summary of changes in the Company s goodwill by reportable business segment is as follows (in thousands):    
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , other intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Changes in foreign exchange rates resulted in a   $18.0 million   decrease to the carrying values of other intangible assets in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Amortization expense related to intangible assets for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $112.5 million   and   $120.1 million  , respectively. 

8. Debt 
  The Company s debt instruments consist primarily of term notes, revolving lines of credit and a Securitization Facility as follows (in thousands): 

______________________ 
           (a) 
    On October 24, 2014, the Company entered into a   $3.36 billion   Credit Agreement, which provides for senior secured credit facilities consisting of (a) a revolving A credit facility in the amount of   $1.0 billion  , with sublimits for letters of credit, swing line loans and multi-currency borrowings, (b) a revolving B facility in the amount of   $35 million   for loans in Australian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars, (c) a term loan A facility in the amount of   $2.02 billion   and (d) a term loan B facility in the amount of   $300 million  . On August 22, 2016, the Company entered into the first Amendment to  
     
   15 

     Table of Contents  

the existing Credit Agreement, which established an incremental term A loan in the amount of   $600 million   under the Credit Agreement accordion feature. The proceeds from the additional   $600 million   in term A loans were used to partially finance the STP acquisition. The Amendment also established an accordion feature for borrowing an additional   $500 million   in term A, term B or revolver A debt. The stated maturity dates for the term A loans, revolving loans, and letters of credit under the Credit Agreement is   November 14, 2019   and   November 14, 2021   for the term loan B. The Company has unamortized debt discounts of   $6.8 million   related to the term A facility and   $1.0 million   related to the term B facility at   September 30, 2016  . 
            (c) 
    Other debt includes the long-term portion of contingent consideration and deferred payments associated with certain of our businesses. 
     The Company was in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenants at   September 30, 2016  . 

9. Income Taxes 
  The provision for income taxes differs from amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal tax rate of   35%   to income before income taxes for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   due to the following (in thousands): 

10. Earnings Per Share 
  The Company reports basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reported period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution related to equity-based incentives using the treasury stock method. The calculation and reconciliation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30   (in thousands, except per share data) follows: 

There were   0.1 million   antidilutive shares during the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  . Diluted earnings per share for the three month period ended   September 30, 2015   excludes the effect of   0.6 million   shares of common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of employee stock options because such effect would be antidilutive. Diluted earnings per share also excludes the effect of   0.3 million   and   0.4 million   shares of performance based restricted stock for which the performance criteria have not yet been achieved for the three month period ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  
   16 

Table of Contents  

11. Segments 
  The Company reports information about its operating segments in accordance with the authoritative guidance related to segments. The Company s reportable segments represent components of the business for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in determining how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company operates in   two   reportable segments, North America and International. There were   no   inter-segment sales. 
    
  The Company s segment results are as follows for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30   (in thousands): 

17 

Table of Contents  

12. Commitments and Contingencies 
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in various pending or threatened legal actions. The Company has recorded reserves for certain legal proceedings. The amounts recorded are estimated and as additional information becomes available, the Company will reassess the potential liability related to legal actions and revise its estimate in the period that information becomes known. In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability, if any, with respect to these actions will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
  
   18 

Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. See  Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . All foreign currency amounts that have been converted into U.S. dollars in this discussion are based on the exchange rate as reported by OANDA for the applicable periods. 
  This management s discussion and analysis should also be read in conjunction with the management s discussion and analysis and consolidated financial statements and related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  General Business  
  FleetCor is a leading independent global provider of fuel cards, commercial payment and data solutions, stored value solutions, and workforce payment products and services to businesses, retailers, commercial fleets, major oil companies, petroleum marketers and government entities in countries throughout North America, South America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand. Our payment programs enable our customers to better manage and control their commercial payments, card programs, and employee spending and provide card-accepting merchants with a high volume customer base that can increase their sales and customer loyalty. We also provide a suite of fleet related and workforce payment solution products, including a mobile telematics service, fleet maintenance management and employee benefit and transportation related payments. In 2015, we processed approximately 1.9 billion transactions on our proprietary networks and third-party networks (which includes approximately 1.3 billion transactions related to our Stored Value Solutions ("SVS") product, acquired with Comdata). We believe that our size and scale, geographic reach, advanced technology and our expansive suite of products, services, brands and proprietary networks contribute to our leading industry position.  
  We provide our payment products and services in a variety of combinations to create customized payment solutions for our customers and partners. We collectively refer to our suite of product offerings as workforce productivity enhancement products for commercial businesses. We sell a range of customized fleet and lodging payment programs directly and indirectly to our customers through partners, such as major oil companies, leasing companies and petroleum marketers. We refer to these major oil companies, leasing companies, petroleum marketers, value-added resellers (VARs) and other referral partners with whom we have strategic relationships as our  partners . We provide our customers with various card products that typically function like a charge card to purchase fuel, lodging, food, toll, transportation and related products and services at participating locations.  
  We support our products with specialized issuing, processing and information services that enable us to manage card accounts, facilitate the routing, authorization, clearing and settlement of transactions, and provide value-added functionality and data, including customizable card-level controls and productivity analysis tools. In order to deliver our payment programs and services and process transactions, we own and operate proprietary  closed-loop  networks through which we electronically connect to merchants and capture, analyze and report customized information in North America and internationally. We also use third-party networks to deliver our payment programs and services in order to broaden our card acceptance and use. To support our payment products, we also provide a range of services, such as issuing and processing, as well as specialized information services that provide our customers with value-added functionality and data. Our customers can use this data to track important business productivity metrics, combat fraud and employee misuse, streamline expense administration and lower overall workforce and fleet operating costs. Depending on our customer s and partner s needs, we provide these services in a variety of outsourced solutions ranging from a comprehensive  end-to-end  solution (encompassing issuing, processing and network services) to limited back office processing services.  
  Executive Overview  
  Segments  
  We operate in two segments, which we refer to as our North America and International segments. Our revenue is reported net of the wholesale cost for underlying products and services. In this report, we refer to this net revenue as  revenue.  See  Results of Operations  for additional segment information.  

19 

     Table of Contents  

For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our North America and International segments generated the following revenue:  

Revenues, net, Net Income and Net Income Per Diluted Share.   Set forth below are revenues, net, net income and net income per diluted share for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Sources of Revenue 
  Transactions.   In both of our segments, we derive revenue from transactions. As illustrated in the diagram below, a transaction is defined as a purchase by a customer. Our customers include holders of our card products and those of our partners, for whom we manage card programs, members of our proprietary networks who are provided access to our products and services and commercial businesses to whom we provide workforce payment productivity solutions. Revenue from transactions is derived from our merchant and network relationships, as well as our customers and partners. Through our merchant and network relationships we primarily offer fuel cards, corporate cards, virtual cards, purchasing cards, T E cards, gift cards, stored value payroll cards, vehicle maintenance, food, fuel, toll and transportation cards and vouchers and lodging services to our customers. 
  The following diagram illustrates a typical card transaction flow, but may also be applied to our vehicle maintenance, lodging and food, fuel, toll and transportation card and voucher products, substituting transactions for gallons. This representative model may not include all of our businesses. 
  Illustrative Transaction Flow 
  
  From our customers and partners, we derive revenue from a variety of program fees, including transaction fees, card fees, network fees and charges, which can be fixed fees, cost plus a mark-up or based on a percentage discount from retail prices. Our programs include other fees and charges associated with late payments and based on customer credit risk. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

From our merchant and network relationships, we derive revenue mostly from the difference between the price charged to a customer for a transaction and the price paid to the merchant or network for the same transaction, as well as network fees and charges in certain businesses. As illustrated in the table below, the price paid to a merchant or network may be calculated as (i) the merchant s wholesale cost of the product plus a markup; (ii) the transaction purchase price less a percentage discount; or (iii) the transaction purchase price less a fixed fee per unit. 
  The following table presents an illustrative revenue model for transactions with the merchant, which is primarily applicable to fuel based product transactions, but may also be applied to our vehicle maintenance, lodging and food, fuel, toll and transportation card and voucher products, substituting transactions for gallons. This representative model may not include all of our businesses. 
  Illustrative Revenue Model for Fuel Purchases 
  (unit of one gallon) 

Set forth below are our sources of revenue for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , expressed as a percentage of consolidated revenues: 

1   
    Although we cannot precisely calculate the absolute impact of fuel price spreads and the absolute price of fuel on our consolidated revenues, we believe these percentages approximate their relative impacts. 
     
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Revenue per transaction.   Set forth below is revenue per transaction information for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :    

2   
    SVS, Stored Value Solutions, is our global provider of gift card and stored value solutions, which is part of the Comdata business acquired in November 2014, and has a low revenue per transaction product. Transactions in the three month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   include approximately   270 million   and   274 million   transactions, respectively, and approximately   924   million and   872   million transactions in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
               3   
    Adjusted revenues is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as revenues, net less merchant commissions. We believe this measure is a more effective way to evaluate our revenue performance. We use adjusted revenues as a basis to evaluate our revenues, net of the commissions that are paid to merchants to participate in our card programs. Adjusted revenues is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of operating performance. See the heading entitled  Management s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures.  
       
  Revenue per transaction is derived from the various revenue types as discussed above and can vary based on geography, the relevant merchant relationship, the payment product utilized and the types of products or services purchased, the mix of which would be influenced by our acquisitions, organic growth in our business, and the overall macroeconomic environment, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Revenue per transaction per customer changes as the level of services we provide to a customer increases or decreases, as macroeconomic factors change and as adjustments are made to merchant and customer rates. See  Results of Operations  for further discussion of transaction volumes and revenue per transaction. 
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , transaction volumes increased   19.5%   to   498.6 million   transactions from   417.1 million   transactions in the comparable period of   2015  . For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , transaction volumes increased   13.0%   to   1,450.6 million   transactions from   1,283.3 million   transactions in the comparable period of   2015  . Excluding the impact of the SVS business, North American segment transactions increased approximately 5% in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to 2015 and grew by approximately 7% in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   over the comparable period in   2015  , primarily due to growth in our MasterCard and corporate payments businesses. Transaction volumes in our international segment increased by   179.4%   and   69.0%   in the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, over the comparable periods in   2015  , primarily due to the acquisition of STP and Travelcard during the third quarter of 2016, the addition of new Shell fuel card markets in 2015 and 2016 and additional transactions from a small acquisition in Brazil in the first quarter of   2016  . 
  Sources of Expenses 
  We incur expenses in the following categories: 

Merchant commissions   In certain of our card programs, we incur merchant commissions expense when we reimburse merchants with whom we have direct, contractual relationships for specific transactions where a customer purchases products or services from the merchant. In the card programs where it is paid, merchant commissions equal the difference between the price paid by us to the merchant and the merchant s wholesale cost of the underlying products or services. 
                
    Processing   Our processing expense consists of expenses related to processing transactions, servicing our customers and merchants, bad debt expense and cost of goods sold related to our hardware sales in certain businesses. 
                
    Selling   Our selling expenses consist primarily of wages, benefits, sales commissions (other than merchant commissions) and related expenses for our sales, marketing and account management personnel and activities. 
     
   22 

     Table of Contents  

General and administrative   Our general and administrative expenses include compensation and related expenses (including stock-based compensation) for our executives, finance and accounting, information technology, human resources, legal and other administrative personnel. Also included are facilities expenses, third-party professional services fees, travel and entertainment expenses, and other corporate-level expenses. 
                
    Depreciation and amortization   Our depreciation expenses include depreciation of property and equipment, consisting of computer hardware and software (including proprietary software development amortization expense), card-reading equipment, furniture, fixtures, vehicles and buildings and leasehold improvements related to office space. Our amortization expenses include amortization of intangible assets related to customer and vendor relationships, trade names and trademarks, software and non-compete agreements. We are amortizing intangible assets related to business acquisitions and certain private label contracts associated with the purchase of accounts receivable. 
                
    Other operating, net   Our other operating, net includes other operating expenses and income items unusual to the period and presented separately.  
                
    Equity method investment loss (income)   Our equity method investment results relate to our minority interest in Masternaut, a provider of telematics solutions to commercial fleets in Europe, which we account for using the equity method. 
                
    Other expense (income), net   Our other expense (income), net includes foreign currency transaction gains or losses, proceeds/costs from the sale of assets and other miscellaneous operating costs and revenue. 
                
    Interest expense, net   Our interest expense, net includes interest income on our cash balances and interest expense on our outstanding debt and on our Securitization Facility. We have historically invested our cash primarily in short-term money market funds. 
                
    Provision for income taxes   Our provision for income taxes consists primarily of corporate income taxes related to profits resulting from the sale of our products and services in the United States and internationally. Our worldwide effective tax rate is lower than the U.S. statutory rate of   35%  , due primarily to lower rates in foreign jurisdictions and foreign-sourced non-taxable income. 
       
  Adjusted Revenues, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Net Income Per Diluted Share.   Set forth below are adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Adjusted revenues, adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures of operating performance. We use adjusted revenues as a basis to evaluate our revenues, net of the commissions that are paid to merchants that participate in certain of our card programs. The commissions paid to merchants can vary when market spreads fluctuate in much the same way as revenues are impacted when market spreads fluctuate. Thus, we believe this is a more effective way to evaluate our revenue performance on a consistent basis. We use adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to eliminate the effect of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance on a consistent basis. See the heading entitled  Management s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures.  
  Factors and Trends Impacting our Business 
  We believe that the following factors and trends are important in understanding our financial performance: 

Fuel prices   Our fleet customers use our products and services primarily in connection with the purchase of fuel. Accordingly, our revenue is affected by fuel prices, which are subject to significant volatility. A change in retail fuel prices could cause a decrease or increase in our revenue from several sources, including fees paid to us based on a percentage of each customer s total purchase. Changes in the absolute price of fuel may also impact unpaid account balances and the late fees and charges based on these amounts. See  Sources of Revenue  above for further information related to the absolute price of fuel. 
                
    Fuel-price spread volatility   A portion of our revenue involves transactions where we derive revenue from fuel-price spreads, which is the difference between the price charged to a fleet customer for a transaction and the price paid to the merchant for the same transaction. In these transactions, the price paid to the merchant is based on the wholesale cost of fuel. The merchant s wholesale cost of fuel is dependent on several factors including, among others, the factors described above affecting fuel prices. The fuel price that we charge to our customer is dependent on several factors  
     
   23 

     Table of Contents  

including, among others, the fuel price paid to the merchant, posted retail fuel prices and competitive fuel prices. We experience fuel-price spread contraction when the merchant s wholesale cost of fuel increases at a faster rate than the fuel price we charge to our customers, or the fuel price we charge to our customers decreases at a faster rate than the merchant s wholesale cost of fuel. See  Sources of Revenue  above for further information related to fuel-price spreads. 
             
    Acquisitions   Since 2002, we have completed over 70 acquisitions of companies and commercial account portfolios. Acquisitions have been an important part of our growth strategy, and it is our intention to continue to seek opportunities to increase our customer base and diversify our service offering through further strategic acquisitions. The impact of acquisitions has, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our results of operations and may make it difficult to compare our results between periods. 
                
    Interest rates   Our results of operations are affected by interest rates. We are exposed to market risk to changes in interest rates on our cash investments and debt. 
                
    Global economic environment   Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the economy generally, both in North America and internationally. Factors affected by the economy include our transaction volumes and the credit risk of our customers. These factors affected our businesses in both our North America and International segments. 
                
    Foreign currency changes   Our results of operations are significantly impacted by changes in foreign currency rates; namely, by movements of the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound, Canadian dollar, Czech koruna, Euro, Mexican peso, New Zealand dollar and Russian ruble, relative to the U.S. dollar. Approximately   72%   of our revenue in both the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, was derived in U.S. dollars and was not affected by foreign currency exchange rates. See  Results of Operations  for information related to foreign currency impact on our total revenue, net. 
                
    Expenses    Over the long term, we expect that our general and administrative expense will decrease as a percentage of revenue as our revenue increases. To support our expected revenue growth, we plan to continue to incur additional sales and marketing expense by investing in our direct marketing, third-party agents, internet marketing, telemarketing and field sales force. 
       
  Acquisitions and Investments 
  2016 Acquisitions 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we completed acquisitions with an aggregate purchase price of   $1.33 billion  , net of cash acquired of   $51.4 million  , which includes deferred payments made during the period related to prior acquisitions of   $5.3 million  .   
    
  STP 
    
  On August 31, 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of STP for approximately   $1.25 billion  , net of cash acquired of   $40.3 million  . STP is an electronic toll payments company in Brazil and provides cardless fuel payments at a number of Shell sites throughout Brazil. The purpose of this acquisition was to enter the toll market in the Brazil. We financed the acquisition using a combination of existing cash and borrowings under our existing credit facility.  
    
  Other    
    
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we also acquired a fuel card portfolio in the U.S., a fuel card portfolio in the United Kingdom, additional Shell markets related to our fuel card products in Europe, a travel card portfolio in the Netherlands and a small business in Brazil totally approximately   $76.7 million  , net of cash acquired of   $11.1 million  .  
    
  The results of operations from the fuel card portfolio acquired in the U.S. are included within our North America segment, from the date of acquisition. The results of operations of STP, the fuel card portfolio in the United Kingdom, the additional Shell markets, the travel card portfolio in the Netherlands and the small business in Brazil are included within our International segment, from the date of acquisition.  
    
  Equity Method Investment 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we made additional investments of   $7.9 million   related to our equity method investment at Masternaut Group Holdings Limited ("Masternaut"). Additionally, during the   nine   months ended  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

September 30, 2016  , we recorded an approximately $9.3 million non-recurring gain recorded within operating results related to its investment at Masternaut.  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015    
  The following table sets forth selected consolidated statement of income data for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands). 

The sum of the columns and rows may not calculate due to rounding.  
    
  Revenues and revenue per transaction 
  Our consolidated revenues increased from   $451.5 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $484.4 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $32.9 million  , or   7.3%  . The increase in our consolidated revenue was primarily due to: 

The impact of acquisitions during the three months ended September 30, 2016 which contributed approximately $25 million in additional revenue. 
                
    Organic growth in certain of our payment programs driven by increases in both volume and revenue. 
                
    Partially offsetting this growth was the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment. Although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we believe it had a negative impact on our consolidated segment revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   over the comparable period in   2015   by  
     
   26 

     Table of Contents  

approximately   $28 million  .  We believe the impact of lower fuel prices, primarily in the U.S., and lower fuel spread margins, had an unfavorable impact on consolidated revenues of approximately   $18 million  .  Additionally, changes in foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on consolidated revenues of approximately   $10 million   due to unfavorable fluctuations in rates in most geographies in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   2015  . 
  Consolidated revenue per transaction decreased from   $1.08   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $0.97   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $0.11  , or   10.2%  .  This decrease was due primarily to the unfavorable impact of the macroeconomic environment, the mix impact of acquisitions (STP, Travelcard and a small acquisition in Brazil), which have transactions at much lower revenue per transaction than the historical average, and the impact of SVS, partially offset by organic growth. Excluding these items, revenue per transaction increased approximately 3% to $2.88 in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to $2.78 in   2015  .  
  Revenue per transaction can vary based on the geography, the relevant merchant and customer relationship, the payment product utilized, and the types of products or services purchased. The revenue mix was influenced by our acquisitions, organic growth in the business, and fluctuations in the macroeconomic environment, including fuel prices, fuel spread margins and foreign exchange rates. 
  North America segment revenues and revenue per transaction 
  North America revenues increased from $  334.9 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $345.9 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $10.9 million  , or   3.3%  . The increase in our North America segment revenue was primarily due to: 

Organic growth in certain of our payment programs driven by increases in both volume and revenue. 
                
    Partially offsetting the organic growth was the negative impact of macroeconomic environment. Although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we believe it had a negative impact on our North America segment revenue in three months ended   September 30, 2016   over the comparable period in   2015   of approximately   $18 million  , primarily due to the impact of lower fuel prices and lower fuel spread margins. 
       
  North America segment revenue per transaction increased from   $0.90   in the   September 30, 2015   to   $0.93   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $0.03  , or   3.4%  . When discussing revenue per transaction in the North America segment, we typically exclude the impact of the SVS business, which had approximately   270 million   and   274 million   transactions in the   third   quarter of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. Revenue per transaction in our North America segment for the   third   quarter of   2016  , excluding SVS, decreased 2% to $2.83 from $2.89 in the   third   quarter of   2015  , due primarily to the impact of lower fuel prices during the quarter and lower fuel spread margins over the comparable period in 2015. Excluding the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately   $18 million   and SVS, revenue per transaction increased approximately 4% to $3.00 in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to $2.89 in   2015  .  
  International segment revenues and revenue per transaction 
  International segment revenues increased from   $116.5 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $138.6 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $22.0 million  , or   18.9%  . The increase in our International segment revenue was primarily due to: 

The impact of acquisitions during the three months ended September 30, 2016 which contributed approximately $25 million in additional revenue.  
                
    Organic growth in certain of our payment programs driven by increases in both volume and revenue. 
                
    Partially offsetting this growth was the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment. Although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we believe it had a negative impact on our International segment revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   over the comparable period in   2015   of approximately   $10 million  , primarily due to unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates in most geographies where we do business and slightly lower fuel prices.  
     International segment revenue per transaction decreased from   $2.56   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $1.09   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $1.47   per transaction, or   57.5%  .  This decrease was due primarily to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates across most geographies and the mix impact of acquisitions (STP, Travelcard and a small acquisition in Brazil), which have transactions at much lower revenue per transaction than the historical average, partially offset by organic growth. Excluding these items, our International revenue per transaction increased approximately 2% to $2.61 in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to $2.56 in   2015  . 
  Consolidated operating expenses 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Merchant commissions.   Merchant commissions decreased from   $31.7 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $28.2 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $3.5 million  , or   11.1%  . This decrease was due primarily to the fluctuation of the margin between the wholesale cost and retail price of fuel, which impacted merchant commissions in certain card programs, as well as the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
  Processing.   Processing expenses increased from   $91.0 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $96.2 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $5.3 million  , or   5.8%  .  Increases in processing expenses were primarily due to ongoing expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2016, partially offset by the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
  Selling.   Selling expenses increased from   $27.4 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $34.2 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $6.8 million  , or   24.8%  .  Increases in spending were primarily due to ongoing expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2016 and Comdata, partially offset by the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.   
  General and administrative.   General and administrative expenses increased from   $66.1 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $77.9 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   11.8 million  , or   17.8%  . The increase was primarily due to ongoing expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2016, incremental acquisition related expenses of approximately $3 million and an increase in stock based compensation expense of approximately $3 million, partially offset by the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.   
    
  Depreciation and amortization.   Depreciation and amortization increased from   $48.5 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $57.1 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $8.6 million  , or   17.6%  .  The increase was primarily due to ongoing expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2016, which resulted in an increase of approximately $7.6 million related to the amortization of acquired intangible assets, as well as depreciation of acquired fixed assets, partially offset by decreases due to the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  
    
  Equity method investment loss (income).   Equity method investment loss decreased to   $2.7 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $6.1 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Included in 2015, were higher costs incurred to restructure the operations of the business.  
    
  Interest expense, net.   Interest expense increased from   $17.2 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $17.8 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $0.7 million  , or   3.8%  . The increase in interest expense is primarily due to the impact of additional borrowings for the acquisitions of STP and Travelcard during the third quarter of 2016. The following table sets forth the average interest rates paid on borrowings under our Credit Facility, excluding the relevant unused credit facility fees. 

The average unused credit facility fee for Domestic Revolver A was   0.30%    and   0.35%   in the three month period ending   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Provision for income taxes.   The provision for income taxes decreased from   $48.6 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $40.6 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $8.0 million  , or   16.5%  . We provide for income taxes during interim periods based on an estimate of our effective tax rate for the year. Discrete items and changes in the estimate of the annual tax rate are recorded in the period they occur. Our effective tax rate decreased from   29.4%   for three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   23.9%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The decrease in the provision for income taxes and in the effective tax rate was due primarily to the early adoption of new guidance on accounting for stock-based payments to employees. In addition, the U.K. corporate income tax rate was reduced from 18% to 17% beginning on April 1, 2020. The rate reduction was enacted on September 15, 2016. The total effect of tax rate changes on deferred tax balances is recorded as a component of the income tax provision related to continuing operations for the period in which the law is enacted.  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

We pay taxes in many different taxing jurisdictions, including the U.S., most U.S. states and many non-U.S. jurisdictions. The tax rates in certain non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions are lower than the U.S. tax rate. Consequently, as our earnings fluctuate between taxing jurisdictions, our effective tax rate fluctuates.  
  Net income.   For the reasons discussed above, our net income increased from   $116.8 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $129.6 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $12.8 million  , or   11.0%  . 
  Operating income and operating margin 
  Consolidated operating income.   Operating income increased from   $188.5 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $191.1 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $2.6 million  , or   1.4%  . Our operating margin was   41.7%   and   39.4%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively. The increase in operating income was primarily due to acquisitions completed in 2016 and organic growth in the business, partially offset by the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately $23 million, driven by lower fuel prices and spreads, as well as unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
  For the purpose of segment operating results, we calculate segment operating income by subtracting segment operating expenses from segment revenue. Segment operating margin is calculated by dividing segment operating income by segment revenue. 
    
  North America segment operating income.   North America operating income increased from   $132.4 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $135.8 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $3.3 million  , or   2.5%  . North America operating margin was   39.5%   and   39.3%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively. The increase in operating income was due primarily to organic growth in the business, partially offset by the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately $15 million, driven by lower fuel prices and spreads.  
    
  International segment operating income.   International operating income decreased from   $56.0 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $55.3 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $0.7 million  , or   1.3%  . International operating margin was   48.1%   and   39.9%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively. The decrease in operating income was due primarily to the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately $8 million, driven by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, which was partially offset by the impact of acquisitions completed in 2016 and organic growth in the business. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
  The following table sets forth selected consolidated statement of income data for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands). 

The sum of the columns and rows may not calculate due to rounding.  
    
  Revenues and revenue per transaction 
  Our consolidated revenues increased from   $1,272.3 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $1,316.6 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $44.3 million  , or   3.5%  . The increase in our consolidated revenue was primarily due to: 

The impact of acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which contributed approximately $25 million in additional revenue.  
                
    Organic growth in certain of our payment programs driven by increases in both volume and revenue. 
                
    Partially offsetting this growth was the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment. Although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we believe it had a negative impact on our  
     
   30 

     Table of Contents  

consolidated segment revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   over the comparable period in   2015   of approximately   $90 million  .  We believe the impact of lower fuel prices and lower fuel spread margins, primarily in the U.S., had an unfavorable impact on consolidated revenues of approximately   $58 million  .  Additionally, changes in foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact on consolidated revenues of approximately   $32 million   due to unfavorable fluctuations in rates in most geographies in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   2015  . 
  Consolidated revenue per transaction decreased from   $0.99   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $0.91   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $0.08  , or   8.5%  .  This decrease was due primarily to the unfavorable impact of the macroeconomic environment, the mix impact of acquisitions (STP, Travelcard and a small acquisition in Brazil), which have transactions at much lower revenue per transaction than the historical average, and the impact of SVS, partially offset by organic growth. Excluding these items, revenue per transaction increased approximately 4% to $2.88 in the nine months ended September 30,   2016   compared to $2.78 in   2015  .  
  Revenue per transaction can vary based on the geography, the relevant merchant and customer relationship, the payment product utilized, and the types of products and services purchased. The revenue mix was influenced by our acquisitions, organic growth in the business, and fluctuations in the macroeconomic environment, including fuel prices, fuel spread margins and foreign exchange rates.  
  North America segment revenues and revenue per transaction 
  North America revenues increased from   $918.3 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $950.5 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $32.2 million  , or   3.5%  . The increase in our North America segment revenue was primarily due to: 

Organic growth in certain of our payment programs driven by increases in both volume and revenue. 
                
    Partially offsetting the organic growth was the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment. Although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we believe it had a negative impact on our North America segment revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   over the comparable period in   2015   by approximately   $57 million  , primarily due to the impact of lower fuel prices and lower fuel spread margins. 
       
  North America segment revenue per transaction decreased from   $0.80   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $0.78   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $0.02  , or   2.6%  . When discussing revenue per transaction in the North America segment, we typically exclude the impact of the SVS business, which had approximately   924 million   and   872 million   transactions in the nine months ended September 30,   2016   and   2015  , respectively, at a very low revenue per transaction.  Revenue per transaction in our North America segment for the nine months ended September 30,   2016  , excluding SVS, decreased 4% to $2.77 from $2.89 compared to   2015  , due primarily to the impact of lower fuel prices during the period and lower fuel spread margins over the comparable period in 2015.  Excluding the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately   $57 million   and SVS, revenue per transaction increased approximately 3% to $2.97 in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $2.89 in   2015  .   
  International segment revenues and revenue per transaction 
  International segment revenues increased from   $353.9 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $366.1 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $12.1 million  , or   3.4%  . The increase in our International segment revenue was primarily due to: 

The impact of acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, which contributed approximately $25 million in additional revenue.  
                
    Organic growth in certain of our payment programs driven by increases in both volume and revenue. 
                
    Partially offsetting this growth was the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment. Although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we believe it had a negative impact on our International segment revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   over the comparable period in   2015  , of approximately   $33 million  , primarily due to unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates in most geographies where we do business and slightly lower fuel prices.  
     International segment revenue per transaction decreased from   $2.56   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $1.57   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $1.00   per transaction, or   38.8%  .  This decrease was due primarily to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates across most geographies and the mix impact of acquisitions (STP, Travelcard and a small acquisition in Brazil), which have transactions at much lower revenue per transaction than the historical average, partially offset by organic growth.  Excluding these items, our International revenue per transaction increased approximately 5% to $2.69 in the nine months ended September 30,   2016   compared to $2.56 in   2015  . 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated operating expenses 
  Merchant commissions.   Merchant commissions decreased from   $80.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $78.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $2.0 million  , or   2.5%  . This decrease was primarily to the fluctuation of the margin between the wholesale cost and retail price of fuel, which impacted merchant commissions in certain card programs, as well as the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
  Processing.   Processing expenses increased from   $246.9 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $256.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $9.9 million  , or   4.0%  .  Increases in processing expenses were primarily due to ongoing expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2016, partially offset by the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 
  Selling.   Selling expenses increased from   $81.0 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $92.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $11.7 million  , or   14.4%  .  Increases in spending primarily due to ongoing expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2016 and Comdata, were partially offset by the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.   
  General and administrative.   General and administrative expenses increased from   $199.3 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $209.1 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $9.8 million  , or   4.9%  , The increase was primarily due to increased stock based compensation of approximately $5 million over the comparable period in 2015, ongoing expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2016 and incremental acquisition related expenses of approximately $3 million, partially offset by the impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  
    
  Depreciation and amortization.   Depreciation and amortization decreased from   $145.4 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $141.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $3.6 million  , or   2.5%  . The decrease was primarily due to movements in and adjustments from changes in foreign exchange rates of approximately $2.9 million, partially offset by ongoing expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2016. 
    
  Equity method investment (income) loss.   Equity method investment income was   $2.2 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to a loss of   $13.9 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Included in 2016, was a non-recurring net recovery of purchase price of approximately $11 million and included in 2015, were higher costs incurred to restructure the operations of the business.  
    
  Interest expense, net.   Interest expense decreased from   $54.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $49.9 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $4.9 million  , or   9.0%  . The decrease in interest expense is primarily due to the impact of delevering from the first quarter of 2015 through the   third   quarter of   2016   and overall lower interest rates, partially offset by the impact of additional borrowings for acquisitions in 2016.  The following table sets forth the average interest rates paid on borrowings under our Credit Facility, excluding the relevant unused credit facility fees. 

The average unused credit facility fee for Domestic Revolver A was   0.30%    and   0.36%   in the   nine   month period ending   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Provision for income taxes.   The provision for income taxes decreased from   $140.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $132.5 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $8.2 million  , or   5.8%  . We provide for income taxes during interim periods based on an estimate of our effective tax rate for the year. Discrete items and changes in the estimate of the annual tax rate are recorded in the period they occur. Our effective tax rate decreased from 31.2% for   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to 27.1% for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The decrease in the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate was due to a one-time net gain recorded by our equity method investment, which favorably impacted pre-tax earnings but was not subject to U.S. income taxes, and the impact of the early adoption of the new guidance on accounting for stock-based payments to employees.  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

We pay taxes in many different taxing jurisdictions, including the U.S., most U.S. states and many non-U.S. jurisdictions. The tax rates in certain non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions are lower than the U.S. tax rate. Consequently, as our earnings fluctuate between taxing jurisdictions, our effective tax rate fluctuates.  
  Net income.   For the reasons discussed above, our net income increased from   $309.6 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $357.0 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $47.4 million  , or   15.3%  . 
  Operating income and operating margin 
  Consolidated operating income.   Operating income increased from   $521.4 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $538.2 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $16.8 million  , or   3.2%  . Our operating margin was   41.0%   and   40.9%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively. The increase in operating income was primarily due to organic growth in the business and the impact of acquisitions completed in 2016, partially offset by the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately $68 million, driven by lower fuel prices and spreads, as well as unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  
  For the purpose of segment operating results, we calculate segment operating income by subtracting segment operating expenses from segment revenue. Segment operating margin is calculated by dividing segment operating income by segment revenue.  
    
  North America segment operating income.   North America operating income increased from   $351.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $367.2 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $15.4 million  , or   4.4%  . North America operating margin was   38.3%   and   38.6%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively. The increase in operating income was due primarily to organic growth in the business, partially offset by the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately $51 million, driven by lower fuel prices and spreads.  
    
  International segment operating income.   International operating income increased from   $169.6 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $171.0 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   $1.4 million  , or   0.8%  . International operating margin was   47.9%   and   46.7%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   and   2016  , respectively. The increase in operating income was due to the impact of acquisitions completed in 2016 and organic growth in the business, partially offset by the negative impact of the macroeconomic environment of approximately $18 million, driven by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.  
  Liquidity and capital resources 
  Our principal liquidity requirements are to service and repay our indebtedness, make acquisitions of businesses and commercial account portfolios, repurchase shares of our common stock and meet working capital needs, tax and capital expenditure needs. 
  Sources of liquidity 
  At   September 30, 2016  , our cash balances totaled   $604.8 million  , with approximately   $199.3 million   restricted.  Restricted cash represents customer deposits in the Czech Republic and in our Comdata business in the U.S., which we are restricted from using other than to repay customer deposits. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , cash and cash equivalents held in foreign subsidiaries where we have determined we are permanently reinvested is $250.2 million. All of the cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries, excluding restricted cash, are available for general corporate purposes. Our current intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S. Our current expectation for funds held in our foreign subsidiaries is to use the funds to finance foreign organic growth, to pay for potential future foreign acquisitions and to repay any foreign borrowings that may arise from time to time. We currently believe that funds generated from our U.S. operations, along with available borrowing capacity in the U.S. will be sufficient to fund our U.S. operations for the foreseeable future, and therefore do not foresee a need to repatriate cash held by our foreign subsidiaries in a taxable transaction to fund our U.S. operations. However, if at a future date or time these funds are needed for our operations in the U.S. or we otherwise believe it is in our best interests to repatriate all or a portion of such funds, we may be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds. No assurances can be provided as to the amount or timing thereof, the tax consequences related thereto or the ultimate impact any such action may have on our results of operations or financial condition. 
    
  We utilize an accounts receivable Securitization Facility to finance a majority of our domestic fuel card receivables, to lower our cost of borrowing and more efficiently use capital. We generate and record accounts receivable when a customer makes a purchase from a merchant using one of our charge card products and generally pay merchants within seven days of receiving the merchant billing. As a result, we utilize the Securitization Facility as a source of liquidity to provide the cash flow required to fund merchant payments while we collect customer balances. These balances are primarily composed of charge balances,  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

which are typically billed to the customer on a weekly, semimonthly or monthly basis, and are generally required to be paid within 14 days of billing. We also consider the undrawn amounts under our Securitization Facility and Credit Facility as funds available for working capital purposes and acquisitions. At   September 30, 2016  , we had the ability to generate approximately $75 million of additional liquidity under our Securitization Facility. At   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately $438 million available under our Credit Facility. 
  Based on our current forecasts and anticipated market conditions, we believe that our current cash balances, our available borrowing capacity and our ability to generate cash from operations, will be sufficient to fund our liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months. However, we regularly evaluate our cash requirements for current operations, commitments, capital requirements and acquisitions, and we may elect to raise additional funds for these purposes in the future, either through the issuance of debt or equity securities. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. 
  Cash flows 
  The following table summarizes our cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Operating activities.   Net cash provided by operating activities decreased from   $524.5 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $404.3 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The decrease is primarily due to changes in working capital. Fluctuations in receivables and payables, which affect working capital the most significantly, are largely due to timing of month end transactions and volume. The decrease was partially offset by additional net income of $47.4 million during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   over the comparable period in   2015   and a one-time nonrecurring net gain of approximately $11 million recorded by our equity method investment.  
  Investing activities.   Net cash used in investing activities increased from   $46.5 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $1,371.5 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . This increase is primarily due to the increase in cash paid for acquisitions completed in 2016.   
  Financing activities.   Net cash used in financing activities was   $502.3 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   compared to net cash provided by financing activities of   $976.4 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The increase in cash provided by financing activities is primarily due to an increase in net borrowings on our revolving A credit facility and our term loans of $852 million and $593 million, respectively, to fund acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
  Capital spending summary 
  Our capital expenditures increased from   $29.5 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   $41.9 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an increase of $  12.4 million  , or   41.8%  . This increase is primarily due to increased spending on strategic projects, including continued investment in our GFN application.  
  Credit Facility 
  We are party to a $3.96 billion Credit Agreement (the  Credit Facility ) with a syndicate of banks, which we originally entered into on October 24, 2014. The Credit Facility provides for (a) a revolving A credit facility in the amount of $1.0 billion, with sublimits for letters of credit, swing line loans and multicurrency borrowings, (b) a revolving B facility in the amount of $35 million for loans in Australian Dollars or New Zealand Dollars, (c) a term loan A facility in the amount of $2.02 billion and (d) a term loan B facility in the amount $300 million. On August 22, 2016, we entered into the first Amendment to the existing Credit Agreement. The Amendment established an incremental term A loan in the amount of $600 million under the Credit Agreement accordion feature. The proceeds from the additional $600 million in term A loans were used to partially finance the STP acquisition. The Amendment also established an accordion feature for borrowing an additional $500 million in term A, term B or revolver A debt. The Credit Facility contains representations, warranties and events of default, as well as certain affirmative and negative covenants, customary for financings of this nature. These covenants include limitations on our ability to pay dividends and make other restricted payments under certain circumstances and compliance with certain financial ratios. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with each of the covenants under the Credit Facility. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

The stated maturity dates for our term A loans, revolving loans, and letters of credit under the New Credit Agreement is   November 14, 2019   and   November 14, 2021   for our term loan B. The term loans are payable in quarterly installments and are due on the last business day of each March, June, September, and December with the final principal payment due on the respective maturity date. Borrowings on the revolving line of credit are repayable at our option of one, two, three or nine months after borrowing, depending on the term of the borrowing on the facility. Borrowings on the foreign swing line of credit are due no later than ten business days after such loan is made. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had $2,435.8 million in borrowings outstanding on term loan A, $245.6 million in borrowings outstanding on term loan B,   $430.0 million   in borrowings outstanding on the domestic revolving A facility, $162.1 million in borrowings outstanding on the foreign revolving A facility and   $5.2 million   in borrowings outstanding on the swing line revolving A facility.  Unamortized debt discounts are $7.8 million at   September 30, 2016  .  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we made principal payments of $83.3 million on the term loan A, $1.9 million on the term loan B, $645.0 million on the domestic revolving A facility and $188.1 million on the foreign revolving A facility. 
  Securitization Facility 
  We are a party to a receivables purchase agreement among FleetCor Funding LLC, as seller, PNC Bank, National Association as administrator, and various purchaser agents, conduit purchasers and related committed purchasers parties thereto, which was amended and restated as of December 1, 2015. We refer to this arrangement as the Securitization Facility. The current purchase limit under the Securitization Facility is   $950 million  . There is a program fee equal to one month LIBOR and the Commercial Paper Rate of   0.66%   plus   0.90%   and   0.43%   plus   0.90%   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The unused facility fee is payable at a rate of   0.40%   per annum as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  The Securitization Facility provides for certain termination events, which includes nonpayment, upon the occurrence of which the administrator may declare the facility termination date to have occurred, may exercise certain enforcement rights with respect to the receivables, and may appoint a successor servicer, among other things.  
  We were in compliance with the financial covenant requirements related to our Securitization Facility as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Other Liabilities 
  In connection with our acquisition of certain businesses, we owe final payments of $3.9 million, which are payable in the next twelve months. 
  Stock Repurchase Program  
  On February 4, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program under which we may begin purchasing up to an aggregate of $500 million of the Company's common stock over the next 18 months. Any stock repurchases may be made at times and in such amounts as we deem appropriate. The timing and amount of stock repurchases, if any, will depend on a variety of factors including the stock price, market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and any additional constraints related to material inside information we may possess. Any repurchases are expected to be funded by available cash flow from the business and working capital.  There were 259,145 shares totaling $35.5 million repurchased under the Program during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Critical accounting policies and estimates 
  In applying the accounting policies that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we necessarily make accounting estimates that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. Some of these estimates require us to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time we make the accounting estimates. We base these assumptions and the resulting estimates on historical information and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis. In many instances, however, we reasonably could have used different accounting estimates and, in other instances, changes in our accounting estimates could occur from period to period, with the result in each case being a material change in the financial statement presentation of our financial condition or results of operations. We refer to estimates of this type as critical accounting estimates. 
  Accounting estimates necessarily require subjective determinations about future events and conditions. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we have not adopted any new critical accounting policies that had a significant impact upon our consolidated financial statements, have not changed any critical accounting policies and have not changed the application of any critical accounting policies from the year ended   December 31, 2015  . For critical accounting policies, refer to the Critical Accounting Estimates in Item 7   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and our summary of significant accounting policies in Note 1 of our notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q. 
  Management s Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  We have included in the discussion above certain financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with GAAP. Any analysis of non-GAAP financial measures should be used only in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP. Below, we define the non-GAAP financial measures, provide a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP, and discuss the reasons that we believe this information is useful to management and may be useful to investors. 
  Adjusted revenues 
  We have defined the non-GAAP measure adjusted revenues as revenues, net less merchant commissions as reflected in our income statement. 
  We use adjusted revenues as a basis to evaluate our revenues, net of the commissions that are paid to merchants to participate in our card programs. The commissions paid to merchants can vary when market spreads fluctuate in much the same way as revenues are impacted when market spreads fluctuate. We believe that adjusted revenue is an appropriate supplemental measure of financial performance and may be useful to investors to understanding our revenue performance on a consistent basis. Adjusted revenues are not intended to be a substitute for GAAP financial measures and should not be used as such. 
  Set forth below is a reconciliation of adjusted revenues to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, revenues, net (in thousands): 

Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share 
  We have defined the non-GAAP measure adjusted net income as net income as reflected in our statement of income, adjusted to eliminate (a) non-cash stock-based compensation expense related to stock-based compensation awards, (b) amortization of deferred financing costs, discounts and intangible assets, (c) amortization of the premium recognized on the purchase of receivables, (d) our proportionate share of amortization of intangible assets at our equity method investment, and (e) a non-recurring net gain at our equity method investment. 
  We have defined the non-GAAP measure adjusted net income per diluted share as the calculation previously noted divided by the weighted average diluted shares outstanding as reflected in our statement of income. 
  We use adjusted net income to eliminate the effect of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance. We believe it is useful to exclude non-cash stock based compensation expense from adjusted net income because non-cash equity grants made at a certain price and point in time do not necessarily reflect how our business is performing at any particular time and stock based compensation expense is not a key measure of our core operating performance. We also believe that amortization expense can vary substantially from company to company and from period to period depending upon their financing and accounting methods, the fair value and average expected life of their acquired intangible assets, their capital structures and the method by which their assets were acquired. Therefore, we have excluded amortization expense from adjusted net income. We believe that adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are appropriate supplemental measures of financial performance and may be useful to investors to understanding our operating performance on a consistent basis. Adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are not intended t o be a substitute for GAAP financial measures and should not be used as such. 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

Set forth below is a reconciliation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, net income and net income per diluted share (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

1   Effective tax rate utilized excludes the impact of a one time tax benefit recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2015 of approximately $7.9 million. 
    
   2   Reflects the impact of the Company's adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2016-09, "Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting", to simplify several aspects of the accounting for the stock-based compensation, including the income tax consequences.  
    
   *   Excludes the results of our equity method investment on our effective tax rate, as results from our equity method investment are reported within the Consolidated Income Statements on a post-tax basis and no tax-over-book outside basis differences related to our equity method investment reversed during 2016.  
  Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs, expectations and future performance, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as  anticipate,   intend,   believe,   estimate,   plan,   seek,   project  or  expect,   may,   will,   would,   could  or  should,  the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. 
  These forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of performance, and you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events. Forward-looking statements are subject to many uncertainties and other variable circumstances, such as delays or failures associated with implementation; fuel price and spread volatility; changes in credit risk of customers and associated losses; the actions of regulators relating to payment cards or investigations; failure to maintain or renew key business relationships; failure to maintain competitive offerings; failure to maintain or renew sources of financing; failure to complete, or delays in completing, anticipated new partnership arrangements or acquisitions and the failure to successfully integrate or otherwise achieve anticipated benefits from such partnerships or acquired businesses; failure to successfully expand business internationally; other risks related to our international operations, including the potential impact to our business as a result of the United Kingdom's recent referendum to leave the European Union; the impact of foreign exchange rates on operations, revenue and income; the effects of general economic conditions on fueling patterns and the commercial activity of fleets, as well as the other risks and uncertainties identified under the caption  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . These factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from any forward-looking statement. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made only as of the date hereof. We do not  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

undertake, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of such statements to reflect future events or developments. 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As of   September 30, 2016  , there have been no material changes to our market risk from that disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

As of   September 30, 2016  , management carried out, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in those reports is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   38 

Table of Contents  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 

As of the date of this filing, we are not currently party to any legal proceedings or governmental inquiries or investigations that we consider to be material and we were not involved in any material legal proceedings that terminated during the   third   quarter. We are and may become, however, subject to lawsuits from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. 
   
                 Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. 
   
                 Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

On February 4, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the "Program") under which we may begin purchasing up to an aggregate of $500 million of the Company's common stock over the next 18 months. The following table presents information with respect to purchases of common stock of the Company made during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   by the Company as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Exchange Act:  

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable. 
   
                 Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 
   
                 Item 5. 
    Other Information 

Not applicable. 
  
   39 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits 

Exhibit 
  No. 

2.1 
       
    Acquisition agreement to acquire Servi os e Tecnologia de Pagamentos S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K, File No. 001-35004, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on March 18, 2016) 

3.1 
       
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-35004, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2011) 

3.2 
       
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 001-35004, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2011) 

4.1 
       
    Form of Stock Certificate for Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-166092, filed with the SEC on June 29, 2010) 

10.1 
      
    First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Lender Joinder Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2016, by and among FleetCor Funding LLC, FleetCor Technologies Operating Company, LLC and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator for a group of purchasers and purchaser agents, and certain other parties 

31.1 
       
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 

31.2 
       
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended 

32.1 
       
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2001 

32.2 
       
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2001 

101 
       
    The following financial information for the Registrant formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

40 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in their capacities indicated on   November 9, 2016  . 

FleetCor Technologies, Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Signature 

Title 

/s/ Ronald F. Clarke 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal 
  Executive Officer) 
      Ronald F. Clarke 

/s/ Eric R. Dey 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
      Eric R. Dey 

41 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101firstamendmenttocredi.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
    
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND LENDER JOINDER AGREEMENT 
    
  THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AND LENDER JOINDER AGREEMENT (this    Amendment   ) dated as of August 22, 2016 (the    First Amendment Effective Date   ) is entered into among FleetCor Technologies Operating Company, LLC, a Georgia limited liability company (the    Company   ), FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Delaware corporation (the    Parent   ), the Designated Borrowers party hereto (including FleetCor Luxembourg Holding2, a soci t    responsabilit  limit e, incorporated under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, with a share capital of EUR 143,775,650, having its registered office at 5, rue Guillaume Kroll, L-1882 Luxembourg and registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Soci t s, Luxembourg under number B 121.980), the other Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ), L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender.  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Credit Agreement (as defined below) as amended hereby. 
    
  RECITALS 
    
  WHEREAS pursuant to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of October 24, 2014 (as amended, modified, supplemented, increased or extended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ) among the Company, the Parent, the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders have agreed to provide the Borrowers with the credit facilities provided for therein; and 
    
  WHEREAS, pursuant to   Section 2.02(f)   of the Credit Agreement, the Company has requested that each of the Lenders identified on   Schedule 1   attached hereto (the    Incremental Term Loan Lenders   ) provide a portion of an Incremental Term A Loan in the aggregate principal amount of $600,000,000 to the Company; and  
  WHEREAS, each Incremental Term Loan Lender has agreed to provide a portion of such Incremental Term A Loan on the terms and conditions set forth herein and to become an  Incremental Term Loan Lender  under the Credit Agreement in connection therewith; 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
    
  1.        Establishment of Incremental Term Loan  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, a new term loan in the original principal amount of $600,000,000 (herein the    Incremental Term Loan   ) is hereby established as an Incremental Term A Loan pursuant to   Section 2.02(f)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. In furtherance thereof: 
    
    (a)        Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Credit Agreement, each Incremental Term Loan Lender severally agrees to make its portion of the Incremental Term Loan in a single advance to the Company in Dollars on the date hereof in the amount of its respective Incremental Term Loan Commitment set forth on   Schedule 1   attached hereto;   provided   that, after giving effect to such advances, the Outstanding Amount of the Incremental Term Loan shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Incremental Term Loan Commitments of the Incremental Term Loan Lenders.  The Incremental Term Loan Commitment and Applicable Percentage for each of the Incremental Term Loan Lenders with respect to the Incremental Term Loan as of the date hereof shall be as set forth on   Schedule 1   attached hereto.  The existing   Schedule 2.01   to the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to include the information set forth on   Schedule 1   attached hereto. 

(b)        The Applicable Rate with respect to the Incremental Term Loan shall be the following percentages per annum, based upon the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to   Section 7.02(a)   of the Credit Agreement: 

Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to   Section 7.02(a)   of the Credit Agreement;   provided  ,   however  , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Tier 1 shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall continue to apply until the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered in accordance with   Section 7.02(a)   of the Credit Agreement, whereupon the Applicable Rate shall be adjusted based upon the calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio contained in such Compliance Certificate.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this subsection, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of   Section 2.10(b)   of the Credit Agreement. 
    
  (c)        The Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date for the Incremental Term Loan shall be November 14, 2019. 
    
  (d)        The Company shall repay to the Incremental Term Loan Lenders the outstanding principal amount of the Incremental Term Loan in consecutive installments on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, beginning on September 30, 2016, in the respective amount set forth below opposite such installment (as such installments may hereafter be adjusted as a result of prepayments made pursuant to   Section 2.05   of the Credit Agreement), unless accelerated sooner pursuant to   Section 9.02   of the Credit Agreement: 

The entire outstanding principal balance of the Incremental Term Loan shall be due and payable in full on the Incremental Term Loan Maturity Date. 
    
  (e)        The Company shall use the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loan to partially finance the acquisition by the Parent, directly or indirectly, of Servi os e Tecnologia de Pagamentos S.A., a corporation organized under the laws of Brazil (the    STP Acquisition   ), and fees and expenses related to the STP Acquisition and the closing of the Incremental Term Loan.  
    
  2.        Amendments  .  The Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
    
  (a)        The following definitions are added to   Section 1.01   in the appropriate alphabetical order and shall read as follows: 
    
     Bail-In Action    means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
    
     Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
    
     EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in   clause (a)   of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in   clauses (a)   or   (b)   of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
    
     EEA Member Country    means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
    
     EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
    
     First Amendment Effective Date    means August 22, 2016. 
    
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
    
  (b)        The definitions of    Arrangers  ,     Attributable Indebtedness  ,     Consolidated Leverage Ratio  ,     Consolidated Scheduled Funded Debt Payments  ,     Consolidated Tangible Assets  ,     Disposition  ,     Excluded Property    and    Receivables Facility    in   Section 1.01   are amended and restated in their entireties and shall read as follows: 
    
     Arrangers    means (a) Bank of America (or any of its designated Affiliates, including any other registered broker-dealer wholly-owned by Bank of America Corporation to which all or substantially all of Bank of America Corporation s or any of its subsidiaries  investment banking, commercial lending services or related businesses may be transferred following the date of this Agreement) in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner, (b) Barclays Bank PLC in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner, (c) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC in its capacity as a joint lead arranger and joint bookrunner, (d) PNC Capital Markets, LLC in its capacity as joint lead arranger and (e) The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., in its capacity as joint lead arranger. 
    
       Attributable Indebtedness    means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease and (c) in respect of any Receivables Facility of any Person, the amount of obligations outstanding on any date of determination that would be characterized as principal if such Receivables Facility had been structured as a secured loan rather than a sale. 
    
     Consolidated Leverage Ratio    means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness (excluding Attributable Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (if any), in each case with respect to all Receivables Facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed $1,000,000,000) as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended. 
    
     Consolidated Scheduled Funded Debt Payments    means for any period for the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of all scheduled payments of principal on Consolidated Funded Indebtedness, as determined in accordance with GAAP.  For purposes of this definition,  scheduled payments of principal  (a) shall be determined without giving effect to any reduction of such scheduled payments resulting from the application of any voluntary or mandatory prepayments made during the applicable period, (b) shall be deemed to include the Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Capital Leases, Synthetic Leases and Receivables Facilities and (c) shall not include any voluntary prepayments or mandatory prepayments required pursuant to   Section 2.05  . 
    
              Consolidated Tangible Assets    means, as of any date of determination, the book value of total assets of the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, as determined in accordance  

with GAAP, excluding (a) assets that are considered to be intangible assets under GAAP (including customer lists, goodwill, computer software, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, patents, franchises and licenses) and (b) receivables and related assets that are sold in connection with, and pursuant to the terms of, a Receivables Facility.  
    
     Disposition    or    Dispose    means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any Sale and Leaseback Transaction) of any property by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (including the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, but excluding (a) the sale, lease, license, transfer or other disposition of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) the sale, lease, license, transfer or other disposition in the ordinary course of business of surplus, obsolete or worn out property no longer used or useful in the conduct of business of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries; (c) any sale, lease, license, transfer or other disposition of property to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary;   provided  , that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party (i) the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party or (ii) to the extent such transaction constitutes an Investment, such transaction is permitted under   Section 8.02  , (d) any Involuntary Disposition, and (e) any sales, transfers or other dispositions of accounts, payments, payment intangibles, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment and related assets in connection with, and pursuant to the terms of, a Receivables Facility permitted under   Section 8.03(f)  . 
    
     Excluded Property    means, with respect to any Loan Party, including any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the Initial Borrowing Date as contemplated by   Section 7.12  , (a) any owned or leased real property, (b) any owned or leased personal property which is located outside of the United States, (c) any personal property (including, without limitation, motor vehicles) in respect of which perfection of a Lien is not either (i) governed by the Uniform Commercial Code or (ii) effected by appropriate evidence of the Lien being filed in either the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and Trademark Office, unless requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, (d) the Equity Interests of any direct Foreign Subsidiary of a Loan Party to the extent not required to be pledged to secure the Obligations pursuant to   Section 7.13(a)  , (e) any property which, subject to the terms of   Section 8.09  , is subject to a Lien of the type described in   Section 8.01(i)   pursuant to documents which prohibit such Loan Party from granting any other Liens in such property, (f) any accounts, payments, payment intangibles, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment and related assets sold, contributed or otherwise conveyed to FleetCor Funding LLC, to any other Subsidiary of the Parent formed as a special purpose entity, or to any other Person, or encumbered, in each case pursuant to a Receivables Facility permitted under   Section 8.03(f)  , and (g) any deposit accounts, securities accounts, securities, cash, Cash Equivalents and other similar investments permitted under money transmitter laws of a Loan Party that holds a  money transmitter  (or similar) license under state Law, in the aggregate amount required by applicable Law to be owned by a holder of such license free of Liens and other similar restrictions.  
     Receivables Facility    means, collectively, with respect to any Person, (a) any financing transaction or series of financing transactions pursuant to which such Person or any Subsidiary of such Person may sell, convey or otherwise transfer, or grant a security interest in, accounts, payments, payment intangibles, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment and related assets (i) to a special purpose subsidiary or affiliate of such Person; (ii) as security for a credit agreement or other borrowing arrangement of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries, if such assets so sold, conveyed, transferred or encumbered are assets of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries; or (iii) that is a factoring arrangement, and (b) each trade receivables commercial paper, co-purchase conduit facility or other receivables facility pursuant to which the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries sells or contributes accounts, payments, payment intangibles, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment and related assets to FleetCor Funding LLC or to any other Subsidiary of the Parent formed as a special purpose entity in connection with any such transaction. 

(c)        The portion of clause (d) of the definition of    Defaulting Lender    in   Section 1.01   appearing before the proviso in such clause is amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows: 
    
  (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; 
    
  (d)        Clause (e) of the definition of    Funded Indebtedness    in   Section 1.01   is amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows: 
    
  (e)         the Attributable Indebtedness of Capital Leases, Receivables Facilities and Synthetic Leases; 
    
  (e)        The definitions of    Foreign A/R Facility    and    Securitization Transaction    are deleted in their entireties from   Section 1.01  . 
    
  (f)        The lead-in to   Section 2.02(f)(i)   is amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows: 
    
  The Company may, at any time and from time to time prior to the Maturity Date with respect to the Aggregate Revolving A Commitments, upon prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, increase the Aggregate Revolving A Commitments by a maximum aggregate amount of up to the sum of (x) FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($500,000,000)   less   (y) the amount, if any, of any Incremental Term Loans instituted after the First Amendment Effective Date pursuant to clause (ii) below (other than any Incremental Term B Loans instituted pursuant to clause (ii)(z) below in this subsection (f)), with additional Revolving A Commitments from any existing Lender with a Revolving Commitment or new Revolving A Commitments from any other Person (other than any Borrower or any Affiliate or Subsidiary of any Borrower) selected by the Borrowers and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Swing Line Lender;   provided   that: 
    
  (g)        Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment but immediately prior to the establishment and advance of the Incremental Term Loan pursuant to   Section 1   of this Amendment, the sum  FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($500,000,000)  appearing in   Section 2.02(f)(ii)   is deleted and the sum  SIX HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($600,000,000)  is inserted in lieu thereof (it being acknowledged and agreed that, immediately after the establishment and advance of the Incremental Term Loan pursuant to   Section 1   of this Amendment,   Section 2.02(f)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement shall be amended as provided in   Section 2(h)   below in this Amendment). 
    
  (h)        Immediately after the establishment and advance of the Incremental Term Loan pursuant to   Section 1   of this Amendment, the lead-in to   Section 2.02(f)(ii)   is amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows: 
    
  Upon prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company may institute one or more incremental term loan tranches (each an    Incremental Term Loan   ) that are Incremental Term A Loans, at any time prior to the Maturity Date with respect to the Term A Loan, or that are Incremental Term B Loans, at any time prior to the Maturity Date with respect to the Term B Loan, in a maximum aggregate amount (for all Incremental Term Loans instituted after the First Amendment Effective Date) of up to the sum of (x) FIVE HUNDRED MILLION DOLLARS ($500,000,000)   less   (y) the amount, if any, of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving A Commitments pursuant to clause (i) above,   plus   (z) an unlimited amount of Incremental Term B Loans that are instituted at any time that the Consolidated Leverage Ratio (in each case, giving effect to the incurrence of such Incremental  

Term B Loan on a Pro Forma Basis and calculated as of the most recent fiscal quarter for which the Company was required to deliver financial statements pursuant to   Section 7.01(a)   or   (b)  ) is less than 3.00 to 1.00,   provided   that: 
    
  (i)        The last sentence of   Section 2.15(a)(iv)   is amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows: 
    
  Subject to   Section 11.20  , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
    
  (j)        A new   Section 6.24   is added to   Article VI   immediately after   Section 6.23   and shall read as follows: 
    
  6.24        EEA Financial Institution  . 
    
  No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
    
  (k)        Section 8.01(q)   is amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows: 
    
  (q)        Liens on accounts, payments, payment intangibles, receivables, rights to future lease payments or residuals or similar rights to payment and related assets sold, contributed or otherwise conveyed or encumbered pursuant to a Receivables Facility permitted under   Section 8.03(f)  ; 
    
  (l)        Section 8.03(f)   is amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows: 
    
  (f)        Attributable Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (if any) in connection with Receivables Facilities (including Guarantees of such Attributable Indebtedness and other Indebtedness (if any) that is otherwise permitted under this   Section 8.03(f)  ), not to exceed $1,200,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time outstanding, and all yield, interest, fees, indemnities and other amounts related thereto; 
    
  (m)        Section 8.09(b)   is amended and restated in its entirety and shall read as follows: 
    
  (b)        Enter into, or permit to exist, any Contractual Obligation that prohibits or otherwise restricts the existence of any Lien upon any of its property in favor of the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations) for the purpose of securing the Obligations, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or requiring the grant of any security for any obligation if such property is given as security for the Obligations, except (i) any document or instrument governing Indebtedness incurred pursuant to   Section 8.03(e)  ,   provided   that any such restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets constructed or acquired in connection therewith, (ii) in connection with any Permitted Lien or any document or instrument governing any Permitted Lien,   provided   that any such restriction contained therein relates only to the asset or assets subject to such Permitted Lien, (iii) pursuant to customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement relating to the sale of any property permitted under   Section 8.05  , pending the consummation of such sale, (iv) any document or instrument governing any Receivables Facility permitted under   Section 8.03(f)  ,   provided   that any such restriction relates only to the applicable accounts receivable and related assets actually sold, conveyed, pledged, encumbered or otherwise contributed pursuant to such Receivables Facility, and (v) applicable Laws that require a holder of a  money transmitter  (or similar) license under state Law to own a specified amount of deposit accounts, securities accounts, securities, cash, Cash Equivalents and/or other similar investments permitted under money transmitter laws free of Liens and other similar restrictions. 

(n)        A new subsection (g) is added to   Section 11.06   immediately after subsection (f) thereof and shall read as follows: 
    
  (g)        Arranger Assignment  .  The parties hereby agree that Bank of America (and any of its Affiliates) may, without notice to any Person, assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement as an Arranger to any other registered broker-dealer wholly-owned by Bank of America Corporation to which all or substantially all of Bank of America Corporation s or any of its subsidiaries  investment banking, commercial lending services or related businesses may be transferred after the First Amendment Effective Date. 
    
  (o)        A new   Section 11.20   is added to   Article XI   immediately after   Section 11.19   and shall read as follows: 
    
  11.20        Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions  . 
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable, (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
    
  3.        Conditions Precedent  .  This Amendment shall be effective upon satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
    
  (a)        Receipt by the Administrative Agent of counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by (i) a Responsible Officer of the Company, the Designated Borrowers and the Guarantors and (ii) each of the Incremental Term Loan Lenders and (if any) the other Required Lenders. 
    
  (b)        Receipt by the Administrative Agent of Incremental Term Notes dated the First Amendment Effective Date executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company in favor of each Incremental Term Loan Lender requesting an Incremental Term Note from the Company. 
    
  (c)         Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Pro Forma Compliance Certificate, duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent, demonstrating that, upon giving effect to the institution of the Incremental Term Loan and the consummation of the STP Acquisition, in each case on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties are in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in   Section 8.11   of the Credit Agreement as of the most recent fiscal quarter for which the Company was required to deliver financial statements pursuant to   Section 7.01(a)   or   (b)   of the Credit Agreement. 
    
  (d)        Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate of each Loan Party, duly executed by a Responsible Officer of each such Loan Party, dated the date hereof, (i) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to the Incremental Term Loan, (ii) certifying and attaching copies of the Organization Documents of such Loan Party, certified to be true and complete as of a recent date  

by the appropriate Governmental Authority of the state or other jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, where applicable (or, as to any such Organization Documents that have not been amended, modified or terminated since the Initial Borrowing Date, certifying that such Organization Documents have not been amended, modified or terminated since the Initial Borrowing Date and remain in full force and effect, and true and complete, in the form delivered to the Administrative Agent on the Initial Borrowing Date), (iii) certifying as to the incumbency, identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer of such Loan Party authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with the Incremental Term Loan, this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party, and (iv) in the case of the Company, certifying that, before and after giving effect to the Incremental Term Loan, (A) the representations and warranties contained in   Article VI   of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) on and as of the First Amendment Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) as of such earlier date (and, for purposes hereof, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of   Section 6.05   of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of   Section 7.01   of the Credit Agreement), and (B) no Default or Event of Default exists. 
    
  (e)        Receipt by the Administrative Agent of such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its state of organization or formation. 
    
  (f)        Receipt by the Administrative Agent of favorable domestic opinions of legal counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender (including each Incremental Term Loan Lender), and dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (g)        Receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the STP Acquisition has been consummated or will be consummated substantially concurrently with (and, in any case, within three (3) Business Days after) the funding of the Incremental Term Loan (including, if requested by the Administrative Agent, a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent to such effect). 
    
  (h)        Receipt by MLPFS (or any of its designated Affiliates) and the Incremental Term Loan Lenders of any fees required to be paid on or before the First Amendment Effective Date. 
    
  (i)        The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice with respect to the Incremental Term Loan in accordance with the requirements of the Credit Agreement. 
    
  (j)        Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel, if so requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the First Amendment Effective Date,   plus   such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent). 
    
  4.        Miscellaneous  . 
    
  (a)        The Credit Agreement and the obligations of the Loan Parties thereunder and under the other Loan Documents are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect according to their terms, as amended hereby. 
    
  (b)        Each Guarantor (i) acknowledges and consents to all of the terms and conditions of the Incremental Term Loan and this Amendment, and the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) affirms all of its  

obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party and (iii) agrees that this Amendment and all documents executed in connection herewith do not operate to reduce or discharge its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
    
  (c)        Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows: 
    
  (i)        The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Amendment have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not (A) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (B) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (I) any material Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (II) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (C) violate any Law. 
    
  (ii)        This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Loan Parties and constitutes each of the Loan Parties  legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to laws generally affecting creditors  rights, to statutes of limitations and to principles of equity. 
    
  (iii)        No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Amendment or the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. 
    
  (iv)        The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in   Article VI   of the Credit Agreement and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as if made on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects (and in all respects if any such representation or warranty is already qualified by materiality) as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this   Section 4(c)(iv)  , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of   Section 6.05   of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent financial statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), respectively, of   Section 7.01   of the Credit Agreement.  
    
  (v)        No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the transactions contemplated by this Amendment.  
    
  (vi)        The Persons signing this Amendment as Guarantors include all of the Subsidiaries existing as of the date of this Amendment that are required to become Guarantors pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 
    
  (d)        Each Incremental Term Loan Lender (i) represents and warrants that (A) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Amendment and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become an Incremental Term Loan Lender under the Credit Agreement, (B) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (C) from and after the date hereof, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as an Incremental Term Loan Lender thereunder and shall have the obligations of an Incremental Term Loan Lender thereunder, (D) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to   Section 7.01   thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Amendment on the basis of which it has made such analysis  

and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Incremental Term Loan Lender, and (E) if it is a Foreign Lender, it has delivered any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement; and (ii) agrees that (A) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (B) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as an Incremental Term Loan Lender. 
  (e)        Each of the Administrative Agent, the Company, the Designated Borrowers and the Guarantors agrees that, as of the date hereof, each Incremental Term Loan Lender shall (i) be a party to the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) be an  Incremental Term Loan Lender  for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (iii) have the rights and obligations of an Incremental Term Loan Lender under the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
  (f)        The address of each Incremental Term Loan Lender for purposes of all notices and other communications is as set forth on the Administrative Questionnaire delivered by such Incremental Term Loan Lender to the Administrative Agent. 
  (g)        This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by the various parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment by telecopy or in any other electronic format (such as .pdf format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed original counterpart of this Amendment. 
  (h)        This Amendment is a Loan Document, a Lender Joinder Agreement and an Incremental Facility Amendment for all purposes.      The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor, except as expressly provided herein, constitute a waiver or amendment of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
  (i)        If for any reason the STP Acquisition is not consummated using the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loan for the purposes described in Section 1(e) above on or before September 6, 2016, the Company shall repay the entire outstanding principal balance of the Incremental Term Loan, together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, in full on such date.  The company s failure to timely comply with the covenant in the preceding sentence shall constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Agreement for all purposes.  
  (j)        THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.  This Amendment shall be further subject to the terms and conditions of   Sections 11.14   and   11.15   of the credit agreement, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein.  
  [remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above written. 
    
  COMPANY:                FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES OPERATING COMPANY, LLC, 
  a Georgia limited liability company 

By:   /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  PARENT:                FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES, INC., 
  a Delaware corporation 

By:   /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  DESIGNATED 
  BORROWERS:                FLEETCOR UK ACQUISITION LIMITED, 
  a private limited company registered in England and Wales 
    
  By:   /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Director 
    
  ALLSTAR BUSINESS SOLUTIONS LIMITED, 
  a private limited company registered in England and Wales 

By:   /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Director 

BUSINESS FUEL CARDS PTY LTD (formerly FleetCor Technologies Australia Pty Ltd), 
  a proprietary limited company registered in Australia, in accordance with section 127 of the   Corporations Act 2001   (Cth) 

By:  /s/Eric Dey 
  Name: Eric Dey 
  Title: Director  

By:   /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Director 

FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES NEW ZEALAND LIMITED, 
  a company registered in New Zealand 

By:   /s/ Steven Joseph Pisciotta 
  Name: Steven Joseph Pisciotta 
  Title: Director 
    
  FLEETCOR LUXEMBOURG HOLDING2, 
  a   soci t    responsabilit  limit e   incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg 

By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Type A Manager 
    
  GUARANTORS:            CFN HOLDING CO., 
  a Delaware corporation 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  CLC GROUP, INC., 
  a Delaware corporation 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  CORPORATE LODGING CONSULTANTS, INC., 
  a Kansas corporation 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  CREW TRANSPORTATION SPECIALISTS, INC., 
  a Kansas corporation 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  MANNATEC, INC., 
  a Georgia corporation 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 

FLEETCOR FUEL CARDS LLC, 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  Fleet Management Holding Corporation, 
  a Delaware corporation 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  DISCRETE WIRELESS, INC., 
  a Georgia corporation 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  PACIFIC PRIDE SERVICES, LLC, 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:  /s/ Steve Pisciotta 
  Name: Steve Pisciotta 
  Title: Treasurer 
    
  FCHC Holding Company, LLC, 
  a Delaware limited liability company 
  By:  /s/ John Coughlin 
  Name: John Coughlin 
  Title: President 
    
  COMDATA INC., 
  a Delaware corporation 
  By:   /s/ Robert E. Kribbs 
  Name:        Robert E. Kribbs 
  Title: Vice President 
  COMDATA TN, INC., 
  a Tennessee corporation 
  By:   /s/ Robert E. Kribbs 
  Name:        Robert E. Kribbs 

Title: Vice President 
  COMDATA NETWORK, INC. OF CALIFORNIA, 
  a California corporation 
  By:   /s/ Robert E. Kribbs 
  Name:        Robert E. Kribbs 
  Title: Vice President 
  ADMINISTRATIVE 
  AGENT:                BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
  as Administrative Agent 

By:   /s/ Christine Trotter 
  Name: Christine Trotter 
  Title: Assistant Vice President 
    
  LENDERS:                BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
  as a Lender, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer 
    
  By:   /s/ Ryan Maples 
  Name: Ryan Maples 
  Title: Senior Vice President 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  
  as a Lender 

By:  /s/ Lex Mayers 
  Name: Lex Mayers 
  Title: Senior Vice President 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  
    As a Lender 
    
    By:   /s/ Susan J. Dimmick 
    Name: Susan J. Dimmick 
  Title:  Managing Director 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  
    As a Lender 
    
    By:   /s/ Rafael De Paoli 
    Name: Rafael De Paoli 
  Title:  Senior Vice President 

TD BANK, N. A.,  
    As a Lender 
    
    By:   /s/ Craig Welch 
    Name: Craig Welch 
  Title:  Senior Vice President 

COMPASS BANK  
    As a Lender 
    
    By:   /s/ April Chan 
    Name: April Chan 
  Title:  Executive Vice President 

THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.  
    As a Lender 
    
    By:   /s/ Maria Iarriccio 
    Name: Maria Iarriccio 
  Title:  Director 

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION,  
    As a Lender 
    
    By:   /s/ David W. Kee 
    Name: David W. Kee 
  Title:  Managing Director 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,  
    As a Lender 
    
    By:   /s/ Peter B. Thayer 
    Name: Peter B. Thayer 
  Title:  Managing Director 

REGIONS BANK, 
    As a Lender 
    
    By:   /s/ Jason Douglas 
    Name: Jason Douglas 
  Title:  Director 

CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK,  
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Kaye Ea 
    Name: Kaye Ea 
  Title:  Managing Director 

By:   /s/ Gordon Yip 
    Name: Gordon Yip 
  Title:  Director 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,  
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Christopher Aitkin 
    Name: Christopher Aitkin 
  Title:  Assistant Vice President 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Michael McWalters 
    Name: Michael McWalters 
  Title:  Vice President 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Michael Grad 
    Name: Michael Grad 
  Title:  Director 

CAPITAL ONE BANK, N.A.,    
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Jacob Villere 
    Name: Jacob Villere 
  Title:  Senior Vice President 
    
  FIFTH THIRD BANK, an Ohio banking corporation,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Andy Tessema 
    Name: Andy Tessema 
  Title:  Vice President 

MIZUHO BANK LTD.,    
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ James R. Fayen 
    Name: James R. Fayen 
  Title:  Managing Director 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,    
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Michael G. Wang 
    Name: Michael G. Wang 
  Title:  Authorized Signatory 

KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Geoff Smith 
    Name: Geoff Smith 
  Title:  Senior Vice President 

SYNOVUS BANK,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Matthew McKee 
    Name: Matthew McKee 
  Title:  Corporate Banker 

BANK OF THE WEST,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Chandra Pierson 
    Name: Chandra Pierson 
  Title:  Vice President 

BNP PARIBAS,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Matthew Harvey 
    Name: Matthew Harvey 
  Title:  Managing Director 

By:   /s/ Liz Cheng 
  Name: Liz Cheng 
  Title: Vice President 

CAPITAL BANK CORPORATION,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Rebecca L. Hetzer 
    Name: Rebecca L. Hetzer 
  Title:  Senior Vice President 

AZB Funding 7   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Kei Kajimura 
    Name: Kei Kajimura 
  Title:  Authorized Signatory 

[STATE BANK OF INDIA, NEW YORK BRANCH],   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Manoranyan Panda 
    Name: Manoranyan Panda 
  Title:  VP   Head (CMC) 

STIFEL BANK   TRUST,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ John H. Phillips 
    Name: John H. Phillips 
  Title:  Executive Vice President 

FIRST HAWAIIAN BANK,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Jeffrey Inouye 
    Name: Jeffrey Inouye 
  Title:  Vice President 

MANUFACTURERS BANK,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Dirk Price 
    Name: Dirk Price 
  Title:  Vice President, Senior Portfolio Manager 

Wintrust Bank,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Amanda Scott 
    Name: Amanda Scott 
  Title:  Officer 

California First National Bank,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ D.N. Lee 
    Name: D.N. Lee 
  Title:  S.V.P./ 

MACQUARIE BANK LIMITED,   
    As a Lender 
    By:   /s/ Robert Trevena 
    Name: Robert Trevena 
  Title:  Division Director 
    
  By:   /s/ Fiona Smith 
  Name: Fiona Smith 
  Title: Division Director 

Signed in Sydney, POA Ref: 
  #2090 dated 26 Nov 2015 

SCHEDULE 1 

Schedule 1  
    
  INCREMENTAL TERM LOAN COMMITMENTS AND APPLICABLE PERCENTAGES 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d34595dex311q320161.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Ronald F. Clarke, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FleetCor Technologies, Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
               /s/ Ronald F. Clarke 
      Ronald F. Clarke 
      Chief Executive Officer 

November 9, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d34595dex312q320161.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS 
  I, Eric R. Dey, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of FleetCor Technologies, Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
               /s/ Eric R. Dey 
      Eric R. Dey 
      Chief Financial Officer 

November 9, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d34595dex321q320161.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of FleetCor Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), Ronald F. Clarke, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
               /s/ Ronald F. Clarke 
      Ronald F. Clarke 
      Chief Executive Officer 

November 9, 2016    
  [A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and will be retained by FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d34595dex322q320161.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of FleetCor Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), Eric R. Dey, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350), that to his knowledge: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
               /s/ Eric R. Dey 
      Eric R. Dey 
      Chief Financial Officer 

November 9, 2016    
  [A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and will be retained by FleetCor Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 flt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 flt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 flt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 flt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 flt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 flt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

