<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161004_10-Q_edgar_data_63754_0000063754-16-000095_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8289115</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126664</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>371049</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2976963</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3651390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>998071</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>73</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000063754-16-000095.hdr.sgml : 20161004
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161003190240
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000063754-16-000095
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161004
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161003

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MCCORMICK & CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000063754
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				520408290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14920
		FILM NUMBER:		161916925

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18 LOVETON CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 6000
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21152
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4107717301

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18 LOVETON CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 6000
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21152

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCCORMICK & CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19660620

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000063754-16-000095.txt : 20161004

10-Q
 1
 mkc-8312016xq3.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF 
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   For Quarter Ended   August 31, 2016    
  Commission File Number 001-14920 

McCORMICK   COMPANY, INCORPORATED 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

MARYLAND 
    52-0408290 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes     x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  accelerated filer,   large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large Accelerated Filer 
    x 
    Accelerated Filer 
      
      Non-Accelerated Filer 
      
    Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.   

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                      PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    3 

ITEM 1 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    3 

ITEM 2 
     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    26 

ITEM 3 
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    41 

ITEM 4 
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    41 

PART II -  OTHER INFORMATION  
    43 

ITEM 1 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    43 

ITEM 1a 
     RISK FACTORS  
    43 

ITEM 2 
     UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
    43 

ITEM 3 
    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    43 

ITEM 4 
     MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
    44 

ITEM 5 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
    45 

ITEM 6 
     EXHIBITS  
    45 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

McCORMICK   COMPANY, INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (UNAUDITED)  
  (in millions except per share amounts) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

3 

Table of Contents  

McCORMICK   COMPANY, INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED)  
  (in millions) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

4 

Table of Contents  

McCORMICK   COMPANY, INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  
  (in millions) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

5 

Table of Contents  

McCORMICK   COMPANY, INCORPORATED 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT (UNAUDITED)  
  (in millions) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

McCORMICK   COMPANY, INCORPORATED 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  (Unaudited) 

1. 
    ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
       
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and do not include all the information and notes required by United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, which are of a normal and recurring nature, necessary to present fairly the financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods presented. 
  The results of consolidated operations for the three and   nine   month periods ended   August 31, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. Historically, our net sales, net income and cash flow from operations are lower in the first half of the fiscal year and increase in the second half. The typical increase in net sales, net income and cash flow from operations in the second half of the year is largely due to the consumer business cycle in the U.S., where customers typically purchase more products in the fourth quarter due to the Thanksgiving and Christmas holiday seasons. 
  For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   November 30, 2015  . 
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  In September 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-16   Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments (Topic 805).   This guidance eliminates the requirement to retrospectively adjust the financial statements for measurement-period adjustments that occur in periods after a business combination is consummated. As described in note 2, we elected to adopt ASU No. 2015-16 during the quarter ended August 31, 2016 with the completion of our final valuation related to the purchase of 100% of the shares of One World Foods, Inc.  
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   The standard is intended to eliminate   diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.   The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. We have not yet determined the impact from adoption of this new accounting pronouncement on the classifications within our cash flow statement. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. We have not yet determined the impact from adoption of this new accounting pronouncement on our financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02   Leases (Topic 842).   This guidance revises existing practice related to accounting for leases under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 840   Leases   (ASC 840) for both lessees and lessors. The new guidance in ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all of their leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease). The lease liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments and the right-of-use asset will be based on the lease liability, subject to adjustment such as for initial direct costs. For income statement purposes, the new standard retains a dual model similar to ASC 840, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. For lessees, operating leases will result in straight-line expense (similar to current accounting by lessees for operating leases under ASC 840) while finance leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern (similar to current accounting by lessees for capital leases under ASC 840). While the new standard maintains similar accounting for lessors as under ASC 840, the new standard reflects updates to, among other things, align with certain changes to the lessee model. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30, 2020. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. We have not yet determined the impact from adoption of this new accounting pronouncement on our financial statements. 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   This guidance is intended to improve and converge with international standards the financial reporting requirements for revenue from contracts with customers. The new standard will be effective for the first quarter of our fiscal year ending November 30, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for all entities, but not before the original effective date for public business entities (i.e., annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 or our fiscal year ending November 30, 2018). We have not yet determined the impact from adoption of this new accounting pronouncement on our financial statements. 
  For other recently issued accounting pronouncements that we have not yet adopted, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2015. 

8 

Table of Contents  

2. 
    ACQUISITIONS 
       
  Acquisitions are part of our strategy to increase sales and profits. 
    
  On April 19, 2016, we completed the purchase of 100% of the shares of Botanical Food Company, Pty Ltd, owner of the Gourmet Garden brand of packaged herbs (Gourmet Garden), a privately held company based in Australia. Gourmet Garden is a global market leader in chilled convenient packaged herbs. Gourmet Garden's closer-to-fresh products complement our existing branded herb portfolio with the addition of chilled convenient herbs located in the perimeter of the grocery store. We plan to drive sales of the Gourmet Garden brand by expanding global distribution and building awareness with increased brand investment. At the time of acquisition, annual sales of Gourmet Garden were approximately   70 million   Australian dollars. The purchase price was   $118.1 million  , net of cash acquired of   $3.3 million   and subject to certain closing adjustments, and was financed with a combination of cash and short-term borrowings. During the third quarter of 2016, we received a refund of   $1.9 million   for a net working capital adjustment associated with this acquisition that reduced the overall purchase price to   $116.2 million  . As of August 31. 2016, a preliminary valuation of the acquired net assets of Gourmet Garden resulted in   $20.4 million   allocated to net tangible assets acquired,   $20.3 million   allocated to indefinite lived brand asset,   $14.2 million   allocated to definite lived intangible assets with a weighted-average life of   12.0 years   and   $61.3 million   allocated to goodwill. Goodwill related to the Gourmet Garden acquisition, which is not deductible for tax purposes, primarily represents the intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as the value of leveraging our brand building expertise, our insights in demand from consumers for herbs, and our supply chain capabilities, as well as expected synergies from the combined operations and assembled workforce. The preliminary valuation, based on a comparison of acquisitions of similar consumer businesses, provided average percentages of purchase prices assigned to goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets, which we used to initially value the Gourmet Garden acquisition. We expect to finalize the determination of the fair value of the acquired net assets of Gourmet Garden in early 2017. Gourmet Garden has been included in our consumer segment since its acquisition. While this business has an industrial component, the industrial component is not currently material to its overall business. During the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016, we recorded   $0.6 million   and   $3.6 million  , respectively, in transaction-related expenses associated with this acquisition.  Due to the estimated impact of financing, acquisition and integration costs, we do not expect operating income contribution of Gourmet Garden to be significant to our overall results for 2016.  
    
  On August 20, 2015, we completed the purchase of 100% of the shares of One World Foods, Inc., owner of the Stubb's brand of barbeque products (Stubb's), a privately held company located in Austin, Texas. Stubb's is the leading premium barbeque sauce brand in the U.S. In addition to sauces, Stubb's products include marinades, rubs and skillet sauces. Its addition will expand the breadth of value-added products in our consumer segment. At the time of acquisition, annual sales of Stubb's were approximately   $30 million  . The purchase price for Stubb's was   $99.4 million  , net of cash acquired of   $0.8 million  , and was financed with a combination of cash and short-term borrowings. During the third quarter of 2016, we completed the final valuation of the Stubb's acquisition, which resulted in the following changes from the preliminary valuation to the acquired assets and liabilities: (i) the indefinite lived brand asset increased by   $13.8 million   to   $27.1 million  ; (ii) definite lived intangible assets increased by   $11.9 million   to   $24.4 million   (with a weighted average life of   13.9 years  ); (iii) tangible assets acquired increased by   $0.3 million   to   $5.7 million  ; (iv) liabilities assumed (including the deferred tax liabilities associated with identified intangible assets) increased by   $7.0 million   to   $19.4 million  ; and (v) goodwill decreased by   $19.0 million   to   $61.6 million  . As a result of these changes in the final valuation, amortization expense of definite lived intangible assets increased by   $0.9 million  . Goodwill related to the Stubb's acquisition, which is not deductible for tax purposes, primarily represents the intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as the value of leveraging our brand building expertise, our insights in demand from consumers for unique and authentic barbeque and grilling flavors, and our supply chain capabilities, as well as expected synergies from the combined operations and assembled workforce. With the completion of the final valuation of Stubb's, we have elected to adopt ASU No. 2015-16, which eliminates the requirement to retrospectively adjust the financial statements for measurement-period adjustments that occur in periods after a business combination is consummated. Stubb's has been included in our consumer segment since its acquisition. 
    
  On May 29, 2015, we completed the purchase of 100% of the shares of Drogheria   Alimentari (D A), a privately held company based in Italy, and a leader of the spice and seasoning category in Italy that supplies both branded and private label products to consumers. The purchase price for D A consisted of a cash payment of   $49.0 million  , net of cash acquired of   $2.8 million  , and was financed with a combination of cash and short-term borrowings. In addition, the purchase agreement calls for a potential earn out payment in 2018 of up to    35 million  , based upon the performance of the acquired business in 2017. This potential earn out payment had an acquisition-date fair value of   $27.7 million   (or approximately    25 million  ), based on estimates of projected performance in 2017, payable in fiscal 2018, and discounted using a probability-weighted approach. At the time of the acquisition, annual sales of D A were approximately    50 million  . During the second quarter of 2016, we  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

completed the final valuation of the D A acquisition, which resulted in   $3.2 million   allocated to tangible net assets,   $12.6 million   allocated to indefinite lived brand assets,   $19.8 million   allocated to definite lived intangible assets with a weighted-average life of   13.8 years   and   $41.1 million   allocated to goodwill. Goodwill related to the D A acquisition, which is not deductible for tax purposes, primarily represents the intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as the value of leveraging our brand building expertise, our customer insights in demand from consumers for unique and authentic ethnic flavors and our supply chain capabilities, as well as expected synergies from the combined operations and assembled workforce. The completion of the final valuation did not result in material changes to our consolidated income statement or consolidated balance sheet from our preliminary purchase price allocation. D A has been included in our consumer segment since its acquisition. 
    
  On March 9, 2015, we acquired 100% of the shares of Brand Aromatics, a privately held company located in the U.S. Brand Aromatics is a supplier of natural savory flavors, marinades, and broth and stock concentrates to the packaged food industry. Its addition expands the breadth of value-added products in our industrial segment. The purchase price for Brand Aromatics was   $62.4 million  , net of post-closing adjustments and was financed with a combination of cash and short-term borrowings. At the time of acquisition, annual sales of Brand Aromatics were approximately   $30 million  . As of November 30, 2015, we completed the final valuation of the Brand Aromatics acquisition, which resulted in   $5.2 million   allocated to tangible net assets,   $4.2 million   allocated to a brand name indefinite lived intangible asset,   $18.7 million   allocated to definite lived intangible assets with a weighted average life of   11.9 years  , and   $34.3 million   allocated to goodwill. Goodwill related to the Brand Aromatics acquisition, which will be deductible for tax purposes, primarily represents the intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, such as the value of leveraging the customer intimacy and value-added flavor solutions we provide to our industrial customers to Brand Aromatics  relationships with industrial customers of their stocks, marinades and other savory flavors, as well as from expected synergies from the combined operations and assembled workforces, and the future development initiatives of the assembled workforces. The completion of the final valuation did not result in material changes to our consolidated income statement or our consolidated balance sheet from our preliminary purchase price allocation. Brand Aromatics has been included in our industrial segment since its acquisition. 
    
  For the third quarter of 2016, Gourmet Garden and Stubb's added   $14.1 million   and   $6.9 million  , respectively, to our sales. Gourmet Garden and Stubb's added   $21.5 million   and   $21.6 million  , respectively, to our sales in the nine months ended August 31, 2016. For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, incremental sales of D A and Brand Aromatics were   $31.8 million   and   $7.2 million  , respectively, representing sales of the business in the first six months of 2016 and in the first quarter of 2016, respectively. Due to financing, acquisition and integration costs, the aggregate incremental operating income contributed by Gourmet Garden, Stubb's, D A and Brand Aromatics was not significant to our overall results for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016. Proforma financial information for these acquisitions has not been presented because the financial impact is not material. 

10 

Table of Contents  

3.   
    SPECIAL CHARGES 
       
  We continue to evaluate changes to our organization structure to enable us to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness. 
    
  In our consolidated income statement, we include a separate line item captioned  special charges  in arriving at our consolidated operating income. Special charges consist of expenses associated with certain actions undertaken by the Company to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness and are of such significance in terms of both up-front costs and organizational/structural impact to require advance approval by our Management Committee, comprised of our senior management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer. Upon presentation of any such proposed action (generally including details with respect to estimated costs, which typically consist principally of employee severance and related benefits, together with ancillary costs associated with the action that may include a non-cash component or a component which relates to inventory adjustments that are included in cost of goods sold; impacted employees or operations; expected timing; and expected savings) to the Management Committee and the Committee s advance approval, expenses associated with the approved action are classified as special charges upon recognition and monitored on an on-going basis through completion. 
    
  The following is a summary of special charges recognized in the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in millions): 

During the three months ended August 31, 2016, we recorded   $4.3 million   of special charges, consisting of   $1.8 million   related to the planned exit from our current leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand upon construction of a new manufacturing facility in Thailand,   $1.7 million   related to additional organization and streamlining actions associated with our Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, and   $0.8 million   related to the discontinuance of non-profitable product lines of our Kohinoor business in India. The EMEA and Kohinoor actions taken in the third quarter of 2016 are components of actions that commenced in 2015 and are further described below. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, our Management Committee approved a plan to construct a new industrial manufacturing facility in Thailand for our Asia/Pacific region, with anticipated completion in 2018. Upon completion of construction, we will exit two leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand. The   $1.8 million   of special charges recorded in the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016, principally relates to severance and other related costs associated with employees located at the existing leased facility in Singapore. We expect to record additional special charges related to this action of approximately   $2.2 million   over the next two years associated with other exit costs.  
    
  During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, we recorded   $9.8 million   of special charges, consisting of   $4.8 million   related to additional organization and streamlining actions associated with our EMEA region,   $1.8 million   associated with actions associated with our planned exit of two leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand,   $1.7 million   for employee severance actions and related with our North American effectiveness initiative initiated in 2015 and further described below, and   $1.5 million   for other exist costs related to the discontinuance of non-profitable product lines of our Kohinoor business in India. 
    
  As approved by our Management Committee, we reached agreement with our joint venture partner in South Africa during the third quarter of 2016 to exit the joint venture. The transfer agreement, which is subject to customary closing conditions (including regulatory approval that was obtained in September 2016), is expected to close in October 2016. Any loss in connection with execution of the transfer agreement and exit from the joint venture, which is not expected to be material, will be reflected in special charges. Sales of this consolidated joint venture, a component of our industrial segment were   $4.5 million   and   $12.0 million   for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016, respectively, and   $6.7 million   and   $19.4 million   for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015, respectively.  

11 

     Table of Contents  

During the three months ended August 31, 2015, we recorded a total of   $15.1 million   of special charges, including   $3.4 million   classified in cost of goods sold. Of that amount,   $13.0 million   relates to a program, instituted by our Kohinoor consumer business in India and approved by our Management Committee during the third quarter, to improve the profitability of that business. The plan principally relates to the discontinuance of its non-profitable bulk-packaged and broken basmati rice product lines and other ancillary activities, while concentrating the business s focus on both its existing consumer-packaged basmati rice product lines and the launch of consumer-packaged herbs and spices under the Kohinoor brand name.  
    
  In the third quarter of 2015, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of   $9.6 million   for our Kohinoor brand name due to the anticipated sales reduction associated with the business s discontinuance of its bulk-packaged and broken basmati rice product lines. In addition, as a result of the Kohinoor product line discontinuance approved in the third quarter of 2015, we recognized a   $3.4 million   charge in cost of goods sold, which represents a provision for the excess of the carrying value of inventories of bulk and broken basmati rice at August 31, 2015, determined on a lower of cost or market basis, over the estimated net realizable value of such inventories upon discontinuance. Also during the third quarter of 2015, we recognized an additional   $2.1 million   of special charges, consisting of   $1.3 million   related to employee severance and related costs associated with our North American effectiveness initiative and   $0.8 million   principally related to other exit costs related to our EMEA reorganization initiated earlier in 2015.  
    
  For the nine months ended August 31, 2015, we recorded   $62.5 million   of special charges as indicated in the above table. In addition to the Kohinoor charges of   $13.0 million   described in the paragraph above, we have recorded special charges of   $27.7 million   related to employee severance and related costs, associated with our North American effectiveness initiative, and   $23.7 million   related to our EMEA reorganization initiated earlier in 2015. Partially offsetting these charges was a credit of   $1.9 million   for the 2015 reversal of reserves previously accrued as part of the EMEA reorganization plan undertaken in 2013 and 2014, principally as a result of a decision by EMEA management that employee attrition, which occurred and was expected to continue, obviated the need for certain accrued employee severance and related benefits. 
    
  The following is a breakdown of special charges by business segments for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in millions): 

All balances associated with our special charges are included in other accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. 
    
  In January 2015, we offered a voluntary retirement plan, which included enhanced separation benefits but did not include supplementary pension benefits, to certain U.S. employees aged 55 years or older with at least ten years of service to the Company. Upon our receipt of notification from participants that they accepted this plan, which closed early in 2015, we accrued special charges of   $24.5 million   during the first quarter of 2015 (and an additional   $3.2 million   in the second and third quarters of 2015), consisting primarily of employee severance and related costs that were largely paid in 2015 as substantially all of the affected employees left the company in 2015. The voluntary retirement plan is part of our North American effectiveness initiative. 
    
  Our North American effectiveness initiative generated cost savings of approximately   $15 million   in 2015 and is expected to generate annual cost savings with a full year impact of approximately   $27 million   beginning in 2016. The following table outlines the major components of accrual balances and activity relating to the special charges associated with our North American effectiveness initiative for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in millions): 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

In the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015, we recorded special charges of   $0.8 million   and   $23.7 million  , respectively, to undertake actions, principally consisting of severance and related costs, to change our organization structure to further reduce selling, general and administrative expenses throughout EMEA. For the last quarter of 2015, additional projects were identified in the EMEA region to further enhance organization efficiency and streamline processes in this region to support its competitiveness and long-term growth. These initiatives center on actions intended to reduce fixed costs and improve business processes, as well as continue to drive simplification across the business and supply chain. These actions include the transfer of certain additional activities to the recently established McCormick Shared Services Center in Lodz, Poland. Further actions were approved in the second quarter of 2016. In total, we recorded   $24.4 million   of special charges for fiscal year 2015 associated with our EMEA reorganization plans undertaken during that year. In addition to the   $1.7 million   and   $4.8 million   of special charges recorded for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016, we expect to record additional special charges in 2016 of approximately   $1.0 million  , for future actions approved under these EMEA reorganization and streamlining initiatives, which will be settled in cash and reflected in special charges upon recognition in 2016. Related annual cost savings are projected to be approximately   $4 million   in 2016 and   $22 million   by the end of 2017.  
    
  The following table outlines the major components of accrual balances and activity relating to the special charges associated with the EMEA reorganization plans described above for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in millions): 

In the second half of 2015, we recorded special charges related to initiatives to improve the profitability of our Kohinoor consumer business in India. This action principally related to the discontinuance of Kohinoor s non-profitable bulk-package and broken basmati rice product lines and other ancillary activities to enable the business to focus on both its existing consumer-packaged basmati product lines and the launch of consumer-packaged seasonings under the Kohinoor brand name. In addition to the special charges recognized in the second half of 2015, which are more fully described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2015, future actions approved with respect to Kohinoor s plan to improve its profitability consisted of costs associated with exiting certain contractual arrangements and other costs directly related to the plan, of which   $0.8 million   and   $1.5 million   were recognized  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016, respectively. The estimated cost of future actions, which will be reflected in special charges upon recognition, range from approximately   $0.5 million   to   $2.0 million  .  
    
  In late 2013, we announced a reorganization in parts of the EMEA region to further improve EMEA s profitability and process standardization while supporting its competitiveness and long-term growth. These actions included the closure of our sales and distribution operations in the Netherlands, with the transition to a third-party distributor model to continue to sell the Silvo brand, as well as actions intended to reduce selling, general and administrative activities throughout EMEA, including the centralization of shared service activity across the region into Poland. In fiscal years 2013 and 2014, we recorded a total of   $27.1 million   of cash and non-cash charges related to this reorganization.  
    
  The following table outlines the major components of accrual balances and activity relating to the special charges associated with the EMEA reorganization plan undertaken in 2013 and 2014 for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in millions): 

14 

Table of Contents  

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in millions): 

5. 
    FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
       
  In July 2016, we entered into a 15-year lease for a headquarters building in Hunt Valley, Maryland. The lease, which is expected to commence upon completion of building construction and fit-out, currently scheduled for the second half of 2018, requires monthly lease payments of approximately   $0.9 million   beginning six months after lease commencement. The   $0.9 million   monthly lease payment is subject to adjustment after an initial 60-month period and thereafter on an annual basis as specified in the lease agreement. In addition, the initial   $0.9 million   monthly lease payment is subject to increase in the event of agreed-upon changes to specifications related to the headquarters building. We expect to consolidate our Corporate staff and certain non-manufacturing U.S. employees, currently housed in four locations in the Hunt Valley, Maryland area, to the new headquarters building. 
    
  We use derivative financial instruments to enhance our ability to manage risk, including foreign currency and interest rate exposures, which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes, nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instruments. The use of derivative financial instruments is monitored through regular communication with senior management and the use of written guidelines. 
  As of   August 31, 2016  , the maximum time frame for our foreign exchange forward contracts is   15   months.  
  For all derivatives, the net amount of accumulated other comprehensive income expected to be reclassified in the next 12 months is $  1.4 million   as an increase to earnings. 
    
  All derivatives are recognized at fair value in the balance sheet and recorded in either current or noncurrent other assets or other accrued liabilities or other long-term liabilities depending upon their nature and maturity. 
  The following table discloses the fair values of derivative instruments on our balance sheet (in millions): 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

16 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables disclose the impact of derivative instruments on our other comprehensive income (OCI), accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and our income statement for the three and   nine   month periods ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015   (in millions): 

The amount of gain or loss recognized in income on the ineffective portion of derivative instruments is not material. The amounts noted in the tables above for OCI do not include any adjustments for the impact of deferred income taxes. 

6. 
    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
       
  Fair value can be measured using valuation techniques, such as the market approach (comparable market prices), the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow), and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). Accounting standards utilize a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels: 
             
    Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. 
                
    Level 3: Unobservable inputs that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions. 
     
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Our population of financial assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements on a recurring basis are as follows (in millions): 

Because of their short-term nature, the amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash and cash equivalents, receivables, short-term borrowings and trade accounts payable approximate fair value. The fair values of insurance contracts are based upon the underlying values of the securities in which they are invested and are from quoted market prices from various stock and bond exchanges for similar type assets. The fair values of bonds and other long-term investments are based on quoted market prices  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

from various stock and bond exchanges. The fair values for interest rate and foreign currency derivatives are based on values for similar instruments using models with market based inputs. 
  The following table sets forth the carrying amount and fair values of our long-term debt (including the current portion thereof) at August 31, 2016, August 31, 2015 and November 30, 2015 (in millions): 

The acquisition-date fair value of the liability for contingent consideration related to our acquisition of D A was approximately   $27.7 million   (see note 2). The fair value of the liability as of November 30, 2015 was   $27.1 million   and was included in other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of the liability was estimated using a discounted cash flow technique with significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represents a Level 3 fair value measurement as defined in the FASB's Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.   The significant inputs in the Level 3 measurement not supported by market activity included our probability assessments of expected future cash flows related to our acquisition of D A during the earn-out period, adjusted for expectations of  the amounts and  ultimate resolution of likely disputes to be raised by the seller and by us as provided  in the purchase agreement, discounted considering the uncertainties associated with the obligation, and calculated in accordance with the terms of the purchase agreement. Changes in the fair value of the liability for contingent consideration, excluding the impact of foreign currency, will be recognized in income on a quarterly basis until settlement in fiscal 2018. 
  The change in fair value of our Level 3 liabilities for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 is summarized as follows (in millions): 
                                                       
    Beginning of year 
      
    Settlements 
      
    Changes in fair value including accretion 
      
    Impact of foreign currency 
      
    Balance as of August 31, 2016 
      Contingent consideration related to D A acquisition 
    $ 
    27.1 

$ 

$ 
    1.3 

$ 
    1.7 

$ 
    30.1 

7. 
    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT AND RETIREMENT PLANS 
       
  The following table presents the components of our pension expense of the defined benefit plans for the three months ended  August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in millions): 

19 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the components of our pension expense of the defined benefit plans for the nine months ended  August 31, 2016 and 2015 (in millions):   

During the   nine   months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  , we contributed $  22.1 million   and $  12.6 million  , respectively, to our pension plans. Total contributions to our pension plans in fiscal year   2015   were $  15.7 million  . 
  The following table presents the components of our other postretirement benefits expense (in millions): 

20 

Table of Contents  

8. 
    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
       
  We have   three   types of stock-based compensation awards: restricted stock units (RSUs), stock options and company stock awarded as part of our long-term performance plan (LTPP).  The following table sets forth the stock-based compensation expense recorded in selling, general and administrative (SG A) expense (in millions): 

Our   2016   annual grant of stock options and RSUs occurred in the second quarter, similar to the   2015   annual grant. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of an option granted in   2016   was   $17.50   and in   2015   was   $12.52   as calculated under a lattice pricing model. Substantially all of the options granted vest ratably over a three-year period or upon retirement. The fair values of option grants in the stated periods were computed using the following assumptions for our various stock compensation plans: 

The following is a summary of our stock option activity for the   nine   months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

As of   August 31, 2016  , the intrinsic value (the difference between the exercise price and the market price) for all options outstanding was   $177.2 million   and for options currently exercisable was   $152.5 million  . The total intrinsic value of all options exercised during the   nine   months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015   was   $25.0 million   and   $19.1 million  , respectively. 
  The following is a summary of our RSU activity for the   nine   months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

21 

     Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of our LTPP activity for the   nine   months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015  : 

22 

Table of Contents  

9. 
    INCOME TAXES 
       
  Income taxes for the three months ended August 31, 2016 included   $10.0 million   of discrete tax benefits, consisting primarily of the reversal of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest associated with the expiration of statutes of limitations in the U.S. and an international jurisdiction. Income taxes for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 included   $20.7 million   of discrete tax benefits that primarily consisted of the following: (i) the reversal of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest of   $11.3 million   related to the expiration of statutes of limitations in the U.S. and in international jurisdictions; (ii) a reversal of a valuation allowance on an international deferred tax asset of   $6.4 million   due to a change in facts that favorably impacted our assessment of the likely recoverability of that deferred tax asset; (iii) recognition of the tax year 2015 research tax credit of   $2.8 million   as a result of new legislation enacted in our first quarter; and (iv) a   $1.0 million   revaluation of a deferred tax liability as result of legislation enacted in our first quarter reducing the statutory tax rate for a non-U.S. jurisdiction. Other than the discrete tax benefits mentioned previously and additions for current year tax positions, there were no significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits during the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016. 
    
  Income taxes for the three months ended August 31, 2015, included   $1.1 million   of discrete tax benefits, consisting primarily of  the reversal of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest associated with the expiration of a statute of limitation in an international jurisdiction. Income taxes for the nine months ended August 31, 2015, included   $18.3 million   of discrete tax benefits, consisting of the amounts described above as well as an additional   $17.2 million   of discrete tax benefits consisting principally of the following: (i) a reversal of a previously established valuation allowance on a foreign deferred tax asset of   $8.6 million   due to a change in facts that favorably impacted our assessment of the likely recoverability of that deferred tax asset; (ii) the reversals of unrecognized tax benefits and related interest of   $6.8 million   associated with expirations of statutes of limitations in the U.S. and international jurisdictions; and (iii) the remainder principally related to recognition of a 2014 research tax credit.  A new law was enacted in the first quarter 2015 that retroactively granted the credit for our 2014 tax year. Other than the reversals previously described and additions for current year tax positions, there were no significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits during the three months and nine months ended August 31, 2015. 
    
  As of August 31, 2016, we believe the reasonably possible total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that could increase or decrease in the next 12 months as a result of various statute expirations, audit closures, and/or tax settlements would not be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

10. 
    EARNINGS PER SHARE AND STOCK ISSUANCE 
       
  The following table sets forth the reconciliation of average shares outstanding (in millions): 

The following table sets forth the stock options and RSUs for the three and   nine   months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015   which were not considered in our earnings per share calculation since they were anti-dilutive (in millions): 

23 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the common stock activity for the three and   nine   months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015   under the Company s stock option and employee stock purchase plans and the repurchases of common stock under its stock repurchase program (in millions): 

As of   August 31, 2016  , $  391 million   remained of the   $600 million   share repurchase authorization that was authorized by the Board of Directors in March 2015.  

11. 
    ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
       
  The following table sets forth the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax where applicable (in millions):   

The following table sets forth the amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and into consolidated net income for the three and   nine   months ended   August 31, 2016   and   2015   (in millions): 

(1)   This accumulated other comprehensive income component is included in the computation of total pension expense (refer to note 7 for additional details). 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

We operate in   two   business segments: consumer and industrial. The consumer and industrial segments manufacture, market and distribute spices, seasoning mixes, condiments and other flavorful products throughout the world. Our consumer segment sells to retail outlets, including grocery, mass merchandise, warehouse clubs, discount and drug stores under the  McCormick  brand and a variety of brands around the world, including  Lawry s ,  Zatarain s ,  Simply Asia ,  Thai Kitchen ,  Ducros ,  Vahine ,  Schwartz ,  Club House ,  Kamis ,  Kohinoor ,  DaQiao ,  Drogheria   Alimentari , "Stubb's", and "Gourmet Garden".  Our industrial segment sells to food manufacturers and the foodservice industry both directly and indirectly through distributors. 
  In each of our segments, we produce and sell many individual products which are similar in composition and nature. With their primary attribute being flavor, we regard the products within each of our segments to be fairly homogenous. It is impracticable to segregate and identify sales and profits for individual product lines. 
  We measure segment performance based on operating income excluding special charges as this activity is managed separately from the business segments. Although the segments are managed separately due to their distinct distribution channels and marketing strategies, manufacturing and warehousing are often integrated to maximize cost efficiencies. We do not segregate jointly utilized assets by individual segment for internal reporting, evaluating performance or allocating capital. Because of manufacturing integration for certain products within the segments, products are not sold from one segment to another but rather inventory is transferred at cost. Intersegment sales are not material. 

25 

     Table of Contents  

A reconciliation of operating income excluding special charges (which we use to measure segment profitability) to operating income is as follows (in millions): 

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     OVERVIEW 
  Business profile 
  We are a global leader in flavor, with the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of spices, seasoning mixes, condiments and other flavorful products to the entire food industry. Our major sales, distribution and production facilities are located in North America, Europe and China. Additional facilities are based in Australia, Mexico, India, Singapore, Central America, Thailand and South Africa. Annually, approximately 40% of our sales have been outside of the United States. 
  We operate in two business segments, consumer and industrial. Our consumer segment customers span a variety of retailers that include grocery mass merchandise, warehouse clubs, discount and drug stores, and e-commerce retailers served directly and indirectly through distributors or wholesalers. In addition to marketing our branded products to these customers, we are also a leading supplier of private label items, also known as store brands. In our industrial segment, we provide a wide range of products to multinational food manufacturers and foodservice customers. The foodservice customers are supplied both directly and indirectly through distributors. 
  Demand for flavor is growing globally, and across both segments, we have the customer base and product breadth to participate in all types of eating occasions, whether it is cooking at home, dining out, purchasing a quick service meal or enjoying a snack. We offer customers and consumers a range of products that meet the increasing demand for certain product attributes such as organic, gluten-free and non-GMO (genetically modified organisms) and that extend from premium to value-priced. 
  Long-term growth objectives 
  Our long-term annual growth objectives are to increase sales 4% to 6%, increase operating income 7% to 9% and increase earnings per share 9% to 11%, all in constant currency.  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Sales growth   - Over time, we expect to grow sales with similar contributions from: 1) our base business-driven by brand marketing support, customer intimacy and category growth; 2) product innovation; and 3) acquisitions.  
  In 2015, we increased our investment in brand marketing by 6% over 2014 and 44% from 2010.  We measure the return on this investment and have identified digital marketing as one of our highest return investments in brand marketing support. Through digital marketing, we are connecting with consumers in a personalized way to deliver recipes, provide cooking advice and discover new products. Digital marketing reached 38% of advertising spend in 2015, compared to 11% in 2010. 
  For our consumer segment, scalable and differentiated innovation continues to be one of the best ways to distinguish our brands from our competition, including private label. We are introducing products for every type of cooking occasion, from gourmet, premium items to convenient and value-priced flavors. Recent innovation includes the launch of herb grinders in North America and Europe, and liquid pouch products such as single use Grill Mate marinades in the U.S. and Thai chili sauce in China. In the U.S., we are expanding our organic offerings within our gourmet spices and seasonings line, and introducing new McCormick brand organic recipe mixes and organic Kitchen Basics stocks and bone broth. Other consumer segment innovation includes World Cuisine recipe mixes and Vahine brand dessert items in Europe, Aeroplane brand dessert items in Australia and new cooking sauces in Central America. For industrial customers, we are developing seasonings for snacks and other food products, as well as flavors for new menu items.  We have a solid pipeline of new flavor solutions aligned with our customers  new product launch plans. With more than 20 technical innovation centers and product development facilities around the world, we are supporting the growth of our brands and those of our industrial customers with products that appeal to local consumers. In addition, much of our innovation is designed to meet the increasing consumer demand for healthy eating. We founded the McCormick Science Institute in 2007 to fund the advancement of scientific knowledge of the potential health benefits of culinary spices and herbs.  This institute is also committed to educating consumers, nutritionists and dietitians about these potential health benefits. 
  Acquisitions are contributing approximately one-third of our sales growth. Since 2007, we have completed 12 acquisitions and joint ventures, including three acquisitions added in 2015 and the addition of Gourmet Garden in 2016.  Flavor is central to our pipeline of acquisition opportunities.  This pipeline includes both consumer and industrial businesses that meet the growing demand for flavor and health. In addition to bolt-on opportunities, we are seeking larger acquisitions. Geographically, our focus is on acquisitions that build scale where we currently have presence in developed and emerging markets.  
  Cost savings   - We are fueling our investment in growth with cost savings from our Comprehensive Continuous Improvement (CCI) program, an ongoing initiative to improve productivity and reduce costs throughout the organization, as well as savings from organization and streamlining actions. In addition to funding brand marketing support, product innovation and other growth initiatives, our CCI program helps offset higher material costs and is contributing to higher operating income and earnings per share. Examples of CCI cost savings include vendor consolidation, high-speed equipment and automation, process reliability, shared services, route to market, system technology and sustainability. Since inception in 2009, CCI cost savings have totaled nearly $450 million and in 2015, together with organization and streamlining actions, we reached a record $98 million in cost savings. In 2016, we set a four-year goal to deliver $400 million of cost savings by November 30, 2019.   
    
  Cash flow   - Our business generates strong cash flow and in 2015, net cash provided by operating activities reached $590.0 million, an increase from $503.6 million in 2014. We have a balanced use of cash for capital expenditures, acquisitions and the return of cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  In 2015, that return of cash to shareholders was $350.7 million, and our Board declared the 30   th    consecutive annual increase in our quarterly dividend. 
  2016 outlook 
  In 2016, we expect the strength of the U.S. dollar and the resultant unfavorable effects of foreign currency exchange to have a negative impact, as compared to 2015, on our sales and earnings. In 2016, sales are projected to grow approximately 3%, or approximately 6% on a constant currency basis.  
  Led by CCI, we expect to reach cost savings of $100 million to $110 million in 2016, with a large portion impacting our cost of goods sold. Material cost inflation is expected to be in the low single-digit range and we expect to offset this impact with our cost savings and pricing actions. We also plan to increase brand marketing by approximately $15 million in 2016.  
  Diluted earnings per share was $3.11 in 2015. Earnings per share for 2016 are projected to range from $3.68 to $3.72. Excluding the earnings per share impact of special charges of $0.37 in 2015, adjusted diluted earnings per share was $3.48 in 2015. Adjusted diluted earnings per share (excluding an estimated $0.07 impact from special charges expected to be recorded in 2016) are projected to be $3.75 to $3.79 in 2016. On a constant currency basis, we expect adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2016 to grow 12% to 13% over adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.48 in 2015. We expect this growth rate to be mainly driven by increased adjusted operating income.  
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   COMPANY 

Sales for the third quarter of 2016 increased by 2.9% from the prior year level and by 5.6% on a constant currency basis (that is excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange as more fully described under the caption, Non-GAAP Financial Measures). For the third quarter of 2016, sales rose over the prior year level as higher volume and product mix, driven by both our consumer and industrial segments, increased sales by 2.0%, pricing actions added 1.7%, and acquisitions added 1.9%. These factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 2.7% compared to the year ago quarter and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 5.6% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  Sales for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 increased by 2.9% over the 2015 level and by 6.0% on a constant currency basis. For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, sales increased over the prior year level as higher volume and product mix, driven by both our consumer and industrial segments, increased net sales by 2.0%, pricing actions added 1.4% and acquisitions added 2.6%. These factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 3.1% in the nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the year ago period and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 6.0% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  Gross profit for the third quarter of 2016 increased by $32.0 million, or 7.6%, over the comparable period in 2015, and our gross profit margin increased 180 basis points from the year ago quarter to 41.6%. Gross profit for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 increased by $76.1 million, or 6.3% over the comparable period in 2015, and our gross profit margin increased 130 basis points from the year ago period to 40.6%.  These margin increases for both the quarter and year-to-date period were primarily due to cost savings from CCI and organization and streamlining actions, favorable business mix and pricing actions taken to offset higher material costs. In addition, gross profit for the 2015 quarter and year-to-date periods was reduced by $3.4 million of special charges related to inventory write downs directly associated with our decision in that quarter to discontinue non-profitable product lines, principally related to bulk-packaged and broken rice, of our Kohinoor business in India. While included in cost of goods sold in our 2015 income statement, the $3.4 million was treated as special charges in the 2015 periods (as more fully described under the caption, Non-GAAP Financial Measures). 

SG A as a percent of net sales increased by 20 basis points from the year ago quarter to 25.8% in the third quarter of 2016. When compared to the third quarter of 2015, the increase in SG A as a percent of net sales was principally attributable to an increase in selling and marketing related expenses and a $2.9 million increase in expenses related to brand marketing. These increases more than offset the benefits of our cost savings initiatives and lower fuel costs, and represented the primary drivers of the increase in SG A as a percent of sales in the third quarter of 2016. 
  SG A as a percent of net sales increased by 60 basis points from the year ago period to 27.1% for the nine months ended August 31, 2016. When compared to the nine months ended August 31, 2015, the increase in SG A as a percent of net sales was attributable to $13.4 million increase in expenses related to brand marketing, an increase in selling and marketing related expenses, higher employee benefit expenses, and a $7.5 million increase in acquisition-related costs. These increases more than offset the benefits of our cost savings initiatives and lower fuel costs, and represented the primary drivers of the increase in SG A as a percent of sales for the nine months ended August 31, 2016.     
  The increase in acquisition-related costs in the nine months ended August 31, 2016 over the 2015 level principally resulted from costs associated with our investigation earlier in 2016 of a large potential acquisition in the U.K. that we ultimately declined to pursue.  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

During the three months ended August 31, 2016, we recorded $4.3 million of special charges, which consisted of $1.8 million for the planned exit from our current leased manufacturing facilities in Singapore and Thailand upon construction of a new manufacturing facility in Thailand, $1.7 million related to additional organization and streamlining actions associated with  our Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, and $0.8 million for employee severance and other exit costs related to the discontinuance of Kohinoor's non-profitable product lines. The Singapore/Thailand actions were initiated in the third quarter of 2016. The EMEA and Kohinoor actions were initiated in 2015 and are described more fully below. During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, we recorded $9.8 million of special charges, consisting of $4.8 million related to other exit costs associated with actions undertaken to enhance organization efficiency and streamline processes in our EMEA region, $1.8 million for the Singapore/Thailand actions, $1.7 million for employee severance and related costs associated with our North America effectiveness initiative, and $1.5 million for employee severance and other exit costs related to the discontinuance of Kohinoor's non-profitable rice product lines. 
    
  During the three months ended August 31, 2015, we recorded a total of $15.1 million of special charges, including $3.4 million classified in cost of goods sold. Of that amount, $13.0 million related to our Kohinoor consumer business in India, $1.3 million related to employee severance and related costs associated with our North American effectiveness initiative and $0.8 million principally related to other exit costs related to our EMEA reorganization initiated earlier in 2015. For the nine months ended August 31, 2015, we recorded $62.5 million of special charges, including $3.4 million classified in cost of goods sold. In addition to the Kohinoor charges of $13.0 million recorded in the third quarter, we recorded special charges of $27.7 million related to employee severance and related costs associated with our North American effectiveness initiative, and $23.7 million related to our EMEA reorganization initiated earlier in 2015. Partially offsetting these charges was a credit of $1.9 million for the 2015 reversal of reserves previously accrued as part of the EMEA reorganization plan undertaken in 2013 and 2014. 

Interest expense was higher in the three months and nine months ended August 31, 2016 compared to the same periods of the prior year due to an increase in average borrowings as well as higher interest rates. The increase in other income for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 was principally the result of interest income and non-operating foreign currency transaction gains. 

The provision for income taxes is based on the then-current estimate of the annual effective tax rate adjusted to reflect the tax impact of items discrete to the fiscal period. We record tax expense or tax benefits that do not relate to ordinary income in the current fiscal year discretely in the period in which such items occur pursuant to the requirements of U.S. GAAP.  Examples of such types of discrete items not related to ordinary income of the current fiscal year include, but are not limited to, changes in estimates of the outcome of tax matters related to prior years (including reversals of reserves upon the lapsing of statutes of limitations), provision-to-return adjustments, and the settlement of tax audits. 
  Income tax expense for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016 included net discrete tax benefits of $10.0 million and $20.7 million, respectively. Income tax expense for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015 included discrete tax benefits of $1.1 million and $18.3 million, respectively. See note 9 of the accompanying financial statements for a further  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

description of these discrete items. The decreases in our effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016 are due to higher discrete tax benefits, as well as to the mix of earnings between tax jurisdictions. 
  Absent additional discrete items for the remainder of the year, we expect our annual effective tax rate for 2016 to be in a range of 25% to 26%. 

Income from unconsolidated operations, which is presented net of earnings attributable to non-controlling interests, decreased by $1.6 million and $2.8 million for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016, as compared to the year-ago periods. For the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015, income from unconsolidated operations  included a $1.9 million benefit due to the allocation of Kohinoor's total special charge to its 15% minority stakeholder. Excluding that $1.9 million benefit in 2015, income from unconsolidated operations for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016 increased by $0.3 million and decreased by $0.9 million, respectively, as compared to the corresponding period in 2015. Both the three month and nine month comparisons were impacted by unfavorable foreign currency, mainly in our joint venture in Mexico.  We expect income from unconsolidated operations to decline approximately 15% in 2016 as compared to 2015. 
  The following table outlines the major components of the change in diluted earnings per share from 2015 to 2016: 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   SEGMENTS 
    
  We measure the performance of our business segments based on operating income, excluding special charges. See note 12 of the accompanying financial statements for additional information on our segment measures as well as for a reconciliation by segment of operating income, excluding special charges, to consolidated operating income.  
    
  CONSUMER SEGMENT 

In the third quarter of 2016, sales of our consumer segment increased by 5.0%, as compared to the third quarter of 2015, and increased by 6.6% on a constant currency basis. Our acquisitions of Stubb's towards the end of the third quarter of 2015 and of Gourmet Garden in the second quarter of 2016 increased consumer segment sales by 3.2% during the third quarter of 2016. Higher volume and product mix added 1.9% to sales and pricing actions, taken in response to higher material costs, added 1.5% to sales. These factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced consumer segment sales by 1.6% compared to the year ago quarter and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 6.6% on a constant currency basis.  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

In the Americas, consumer sales rose 7.5% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015 and increased by 7.7% on a constant currency basis. The acquisition of Stubb's and Gourmet Garden, which closed in August 2015 and April 2016, respectively, added 3.5% to sales for the quarter. Higher volume and product mix added 3.0% for the quarter, while pricing added 1.2% to sales. Higher volume and product mix was led by U.S. sales of McCormick and Lawry's brand spices and seasonings and of Zatarain s brand items and Kitchen Basics products.  These sales increases were offset in part by a slight decline in our sales of private label and economy brands. These factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 0.2% compared to the prior year level and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 7.7% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  In the EMEA region, consumer sales decreased 2.5% in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015, but sales increased by 0.5% on a constant currency basis. The acquisition of Gourmet Garden added 0.4% to sales in the third quarter and pricing added 1.7% to sales. These factors were offset by a 1.6% decline in volume and product mix. We have continued to drive sales growth in Poland and Russia that includes the benefit of new distribution and we delivered another strong sales quarter, along with category share gains, in France with new products and brand marketing. These gains in volume and product mix were largely offset by weakness in the U.K. where a number of food companies are being challenged in a difficult retail environment. These factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 3.0% compared to the year-ago period and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 0.5% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  In the Asia/Pacific region, consumer sales increased 4.9% in the third quarter of 2016 and increased by 11.0% on a constant currency basis. The 2016 acquisition of Gourmet Garden added 7.0% to sales for the quarter. Sales in the quarter reflected an increase of 2.8% attributable to higher pricing and an increase of 1.2% attributable to volume and product mix. Our third quarter sales in China were mainly driven by promotional activity and pricing. Lowering our third quarter sales in this region was a decline in India, resulting from our year-ago decision to discontinue certain low margin products. The net effect of these factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 6.1% compared to the third quarter of 2015 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 11.0% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, our consumer segment sales rose 4.7% compared to the corresponding period in 2015 and by 7.0% on a constant currency basis. The acquisitions of Drogheria   Alimentari (D A), Stubb's and Gourmet Garden added 4.0% to our sales for the period, higher volume and product mix added 1.8% and pricing actions added 1.2%, all in comparison to the prior year level. These factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that decreased sales by 2.3% compared to the 2015 level and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 7.0% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  Operating income, excluding special charges, for the third quarter of 2016 for our consumer segment increased by $12.7 million, or 11.1%, compared to the third quarter of 2015, and increased by 11.6% on a constant currency basis. Operating income, excluding special charges, for our consumer segment increased in the third quarter of 2016, compared to the prior year level, due to the impact of sales growth and cost savings that more than offset the unfavorable impact of increases in brand marketing, selling and marketing related expenses and material costs. Brand marketing expense in the third quarter of 2016 was $2.0 million higher than the comparable year-ago period. The net effect of these factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced operating income, excluding special charges, for the third quarter of 2016 by 0.5% from the prior year level and is excluded from our measure of growth in operating income, excluding special charges, of 11.6% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  Operating income, excluding special charges, for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 for our consumer segment rose by $21.1 million, or 7.4%, compared to the same period of 2015 and rose by 9.0% on a constant currency basis. During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, the impact of sales growth and cost savings more than offset the unfavorable impact of increases in brand marketing, acquisition-related transaction costs, selling and marketing related expenses, material costs and employee benefit expense.  Brand marketing expense for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 was $9.9 million higher than the comparable year-ago period. The net effect of these factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced operating income, excluding special charges, by 1.6% in the nine months ended August 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year level and is excluded from our measure of growth in operating income, excluding special charges, of 9.0% on a constant currency basis. 

31 

Table of Contents  

INDUSTRIAL SEGMENT 

In the third quarter of 2016, sales of our industrial segment declined 0.1%, as compared to the third quarter of 2015, but increased by 4.3% on a constant currency basis. Pricing actions, taken in response to higher material costs, increased sales by 2.0% in the third quarter of 2016 and higher volume and product mix increased sales by 2.3%. These factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced industrial segment sales by 4.4% compared to the year ago quarter and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 4.3% on a constant currency basis.  
  In the Americas, industrial sales increased by 2.3% during the third quarter of 2016 from the prior year level and increased by 4.3% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix increased sales by 2.4%, while pricing actions added 1.9% to our industrial sales in the Americas. This performance was driven by sales of branded food service products in the U.S., where we have gained share with a leading customer. Also in the U.S., we have been winning business with some new restaurant customers, although demand from some quick service restaurants remains weak.  In Latin America, we are growing sales of snack seasonings and other products supplied from our operation in Mexico. In Canada, we took pricing to pass through higher material costs that include the impact of currency, but this was offset by some weaker volume for industrial products in that market. The net effect of these factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 2.0% compared to the third quarter of 2015 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 4.3% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  In the EMEA region, industrial sales decreased 7.3% in the third quarter of 2016 from the prior year level, but increased by 5.1% on a constant currency basis. Pricing actions added 2.8% and volume and product mix increased sales by 2.3% in the third quarter. We had solid sales growth of branded food service products and customized flavor solutions. These increases were offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 12.4% compared to the third quarter of 2015 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 5.1% on a constant currency basis. 
      
  In the Asia/Pacific region, industrial sales decreased 1.4% in the third quarter of 2016, compared to the third quarter of 2015, but increased by 2.6% on a constant currency basis. Higher volume and product mix increased sales by 1.7% during the quarter, while pricing actions increased sales by 0.9%. In the third quarter, we had strong growth from our operations in Australia and Southeast Asia, driven in part by new product wins and promotional activity by our quick service restaurant customers. In China, sales declined as a large customer is diversifying its supply chain by adding a second supplier for some core items that McCormick supplies. The net effect of these factors was offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 4.0% compared to the third quarter of 2015 and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 2.6% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, industrial segment sales increased 0.2%, as compared to the prior year, and increased by 4.5% on a constant currency basis. This increase was due to higher volume and product mix of 2.3%, pricing actions that added 1.6% to sales and our acquisition of Brand Aromatics completed early in the second quarter of 2015 that increased sales by 0.6%. These factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced sales by 4.3% from the 2015 levels and is excluded from our measure of sales growth of 4.5% on a constant currency basis. 
    
  Operating income, excluding special charges, for the third quarter of 2016 for our industrial segment increased by $5.6 million, or 14.3%, compared to the third quarter of 2015 and increased by 23.0% on a constant currency basis. Operating income, excluding special charges, for our industrial segment increased in the third quarter of 2016, compared to the corresponding period in 2015, driven by a higher gross profit margin resulting from our cost savings and a more favorable business mix, offset in part by higher material costs and a $0.9 million increase in brand marketing. The net effect of these factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced operating income, excluding special charges, by 8.7% from the prior year level and is excluded from our measure of growth in operating income, excluding special charges, of 23.0% on a constant currency basis. 

32 

     Table of Contents  

For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, operating income, excluding special charges, for our industrial segment increased by $11.9 million, or 10.6%, compared to the comparable period for 2015 and increased by 17.3% on a constant currency basis. Operating income, excluding special charges, for the industrial segment increased during the nine months ended August 31, 2016, compared to the corresponding period in 2015, as the favorable impact of a higher gross profit margin resulting from our cost savings and a shift toward more value-added products, offset the unfavorable impact of increases in material costs, employee benefit expense and a $3.6 million increase in brand marketing. The net effect of these factors offset an unfavorable impact from foreign currency rates that reduced operating income, excluding special charges, by 6.7% from the prior year level and is excluded from our measure of growth in operating income, excluding special charges, of 17.3% on a constant currency basis. 

MARKET RISK SENSITIVITY 
    
  Foreign Exchange Risk 
  We utilize foreign currency exchange contracts to enhance our ability to manage foreign currency exchange risk. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes, nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument and all derivatives are designated as hedges. 
  The following table sets forth the notional values and unrealized net gain of the portfolio of our forward foreign currency contracts (in millions): 

The quarterly fluctuation in notional value is a result of our decisions on foreign currency exposure coverage, based on our foreign currency exposures. 
  Interest Rate Risk 
  We manage our interest rate exposure by entering into both fixed and variable rate debt arrangements. In addition, we use interest rate swaps to minimize worldwide financing costs and to achieve a desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We do not enter into contracts for trading purposes, nor are we a party to any leveraged derivative instrument and all derivatives are designated as hedges. 
  The following table sets forth the notional values and fair values of our interest rate swap contracts (in millions): 

The change in fair values of our interest raw swap contracts is due to changes in interest rates on the notional amounts outstanding as of each date as well as the remaining duration of our interest rate derivatives. During the first quarter of 2016, $100.0 million of interest rate swaps expired; those swaps were designated as fair value hedges on a portion of our $200.0 million of 5.2% notes that matured in December 2015. 
  Commodity Risk 
  We purchase certain raw materials which are subject to price volatility caused by weather, market conditions, growing and harvesting conditions, governmental actions and other factors beyond our control. Our most significant raw materials are pepper, dairy products, capsicums (red peppers and paprika), rice, onion, wheat flour and garlic. While future movements of raw material costs are uncertain, we respond to this volatility in a number of ways, including strategic raw material purchases, purchases of raw material for future delivery and customer price adjustments. We generally have not used derivatives to manage the volatility related to this risk. To the extent that we have used derivatives for this purpose, it has not been material to our business. 
  Credit Risk 
  The customers of our consumer segment are predominantly food retailers and food wholesalers. Consolidations in these industries have created larger customers, some of which are highly leveraged. In addition, competition has increased with the  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

growth in alternative channels including mass merchandisers, dollar stores, warehouse clubs and discount chains. This has caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. We continue to closely monitor the credit worthiness of our customers and counterparties. We believe that our allowance for doubtful accounts properly recognizes trade receivables at net realizable value. We consider nonperformance credit risk for other financial instruments to be insignificant. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS 
    
  As of August 31, 2016, there have been no material changes in our contractual obligations and commercial commitments outside the ordinary course of business since November 30, 2015, except as noted below.  
  In July 2016, we entered into a 15-year lease for a headquarters building in Hunt Valley, Maryland. The lease, which is expected to commence upon completion of building construction and fit-out, currently scheduled for the second half of 2018, requires monthly lease payments of approximately $0.9 million beginning six months after lease commencement. The $0.9 million monthly lease payment is subject to adjustment after an initial 60-month period and thereafter on an annual basis as specified in the lease agreement. In addition, the initial $0.9 million monthly lease payment is subject to increase in the event of agreed-upon changes to specifications related to the headquarters building. We expect to consolidate our Corporate staff and certain non-manufacturing U.S. employees, currently housed in four locations in the Hunt Valley, Maryland area, to the new headquarters building. Cost savings associated with our exit from those four locations will mitigate the monthly lease expense associated with the new headquarters building. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
  The following table includes financial measures of adjusted operating income, adjusted income from unconsolidated operations, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share, each excluding the impact of special charges for the periods presented. These represent non-GAAP financial measures which are prepared as a complement to our financial results prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. In our consolidated income statement, we include a separate line item captioned  special charges  in arriving at our consolidated operating income. Additionally, we recorded $3.4 million in cost of goods sold in our income statement for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015, which we classified as special charges. Special charges consist of expenses associated with certain actions undertaken by the Company to reduce fixed costs, simplify or improve processes, and improve our competitiveness and are of such significance in terms of both up-front costs and organizational/structural impact to require advance approval by our Management Committee, comprised of our President and Chief Executive Officer; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Executive Vice President; President Global Industrial Segment and McCormick International, President Global Consumer Segment and North America; and Senior Vice President, Human Relations. Upon presentation of any such proposed action (including details with respect to estimated costs, which generally consist principally of employee severance and related benefits, together with ancillary costs associated with the action that may include a non-cash component or a component which relates to inventory adjustments that are included in cost of goods sold; impacted employees or operations; expected timing; and expected savings) to the Management Committee and the Committee s advance approval, expenses associated with the approved action are classified as special charges upon recognition and monitored on an on-going basis through completion. Details with respect to the composition of special charges recorded for the periods and in the amounts set forth below are included in note 3 of the accompanying financial statements. 
  We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures are important. The exclusion of special charges and the impact of foreign currency exchange rates provides additional information that enables enhanced comparisons to prior periods and, accordingly, facilitates the development of future projections and earnings growth prospects. This information is also used by management to measure the profitability of our ongoing operations and analyze our business performance and trends. 
  These non-GAAP financial measures may be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with GAAP, but they should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, GAAP results.  In addition, these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies because other companies may not calculate them in the same manner that we do. We intend to continue to provide these non-GAAP financial measures as part of our future earnings discussions and, therefore, the inclusion of these non-GAAP financial measures will provide consistency in our financial reporting. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the related GAAP financial measures is provided below (in millions, except per share data): 

34 

     Table of Contents  

(1)      Total special charges of $65.5 million for the year ended November 30, 2015 are net of taxes of $15.6 million. Total special charges of $4.3 million and $9.8 million for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2016 are net of taxes of $0.9 million and $2.4 million, respectively. Total special charges of $15.1 million and $62.5 million for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015 are net of taxes of $1.1 million and $15.7 million, respectively. 
    
  (2)    Represents the portion of the Kohinoor total special charges of $14.2 million for the year ended November 30, 2015 and of $13.0 million for the three and nine months ended August 31, 2015 attributable to Kohinoor's 15% non-controlling interests and the related per share impact. 
    
  Percentage changes in sales and adjusted operating income expressed in  constant currency  are presented excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange. To present this information for historical periods, current period results for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year, rather than at the actual average exchange rates in effect during the current fiscal year. As a result, the foreign currency impact is equal to the current year results in local currencies multiplied by the  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

change in the average foreign currency exchange rate between the current fiscal period and the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. 
    
  Constant currency growth rates follow: 

36 

     Table of Contents  

To present  constant currency  information for the fiscal year 2016 projection, projected sales and adjusted operating income for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated into U.S. dollars at the company s budgeted exchange rates for 2016 and are compared to the 2015 results, translated into U.S. dollars using the same 2016 budgeted exchange rates, rather than at the average actual exchange rates in effect during fiscal year 2015. To estimate the percentage change in adjusted earnings per share on a constant currency basis, a similar calculation is performed to arrive at adjusted net income divided by historical shares outstanding for fiscal year 2015 or projected shares outstanding for fiscal year 2016, as appropriate.  
                       
    Projection for Year Ending November 30, 2016 
      Percentage change in adjusted earnings per share 
    8% to 9% 

Impact of foreign currency exchange 
    (4 
    )% 
      
      Percentage change in adjusted earnings per share in constant currency 
    12% to 13% 

In addition to the above non-GAAP financial measures, we use total debt to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) as a measure of leverage. We define EBITDA as net income plus expenses for interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA and the ratio of total debt to EBITDA are both non-GAAP financial measures.  Management believes that this ratio also measures our ability to repay outstanding debt obligations. Our target for total debt to EBITDA, excluding special charges and the temporary impact from acquisition activity, is 1.5 to 1.8. We believe that total debt to EBITDA is a meaningful metric to investors in evaluating our financial leverage and may be different than the method used by other companies to calculate total debt to EBITDA. 
    
  The following table reconciles our EBITDA to our net income for the trailing twelve month periods ended August 31, 2016, August 31, 2015 and November 30, 2015 (dollars in millions): 

37 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

In the statement of cash flows, the changes in operating assets and liabilities are presented excluding the translation effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as these do not reflect actual cash flows. Accordingly, the amounts in the statement of cash flows do not agree with changes in the operating assets and liabilities that are presented in the balance sheet. 
  Due to the cyclical nature of a portion of our business, we generate much of our cash flow in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. 
    
  Operating Cash Flow     Net cash provided by operating activities ("cash flow from operations") is typically lower in the first and second quarters and then builds in the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. For the nine months ended August 31, 2016, cash flow from operations was $5.8 million higher than the same period of 2015. While net income for the first nine months of 2016 increased by $62.5 million from the prior year level, that increase was primarily due to lower special charges recorded for the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. However, a large portion of those 2015 special charges had not been paid out in cash during the nine months ended August 31, 2015. Also in the first nine months of 2015, we experienced a higher level of collections of trade accounts receivable, as compared to the corresponding period of 2016, due principally to our participation in a vendor financing program by one of our large customers that accelerated our collection of amounts due from that customer. We contributed $22.1 million to our pension plans for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 as compared to $12.6 million for the same period of 2015.  
  Investing Cash Flow     The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was due to a decrease in cash usage associated with acquisitions of businesses, partially offset by a higher level of capital expenditures. During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, we spent $116.2 million for the acquisition of Gourmet Garden. This compares to $210.9 million that was spent during the same period last year to acquire Brand Aromatics, Drogheria   Alimentari and Stubb's. See note 2 for additional information on these transactions. During the first nine months of 2016, we spent $87.9 million on capital expenditures, compared to $70.0 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures for fiscal year 2016 are expected to be $150 million to $160 million. 
  Financing Cash Flow     We used $92.2 million of cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 as compared to $13.3 million of cash provided by financing activities for the corresponding period in 2015. The primary driver behind this change was an increase of $106.6 million in cash used to repurchase common stock in 2016 versus the prior year. In the first nine months of 2016, we had a net increase in short-term borrowings of $419.9 million compared to a net increase in short-term borrowings of $214.1 million for the same period last year. During the first quarter of 2016, we paid off $200 million of 5.20% notes that matured in December 2015.  
  The following table outlines the activity in our share repurchase program for the nine months ended August 31 (in millions): 

As of August 31, 2016, $391 million remained of the $600 million share repurchase authorization that was authorized by the Board of Directors in March 2015. 
  During the nine months ended August 31, 2016, we received proceeds of $32.4 million from exercised options compared to $26.1 million received in the first nine months of last year. We increased dividends paid to $163.6 million for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $153.7 million of dividends paid in the same period last year. Dividends paid in the first quarter of 2016 were declared on November 24, 2015. 
    
  The following table presents the ratios of our total debt to EBITDA for the trailing twelve month periods ended August 31, 2016, August 31, 2015 and November 30, 2015: 
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

Our ratio of total debt to EBITDA was 2.07 as of August 31, 2016 as compared to the ratios of 2.02 and 2.21 as of November 30, 2015 and August 31, 2015, respectively. The increase in the ratio from 2.02 as of November 30, 2015 to 2.07 as of August 31, 2016 is principally due to an increase in total debt to assist in funding the acquisition of Gourmet Garden in 2016. Special charges were $12.7 million, $63.5 million and $63.5 million for the twelve months ended August 31, 2016, August 31, 2015, and November 30, 2015. Those special charges reduced EBITDA and, accordingly, increased the ratios of total debt to EBITDA as of August 31, 2016, August 31, 2015 and November 30, 2015 shown in the preceding table by 0.03, 0.19, and 0.17, respectively. 
  Most of our cash is denominated in foreign currencies. We manage our worldwide cash requirements by considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. The permanent repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences; however, those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations, capital projects and any possible future acquisitions. At August 31, 2016, we temporarily used $140.6 million of cash from our foreign subsidiaries to pay down short-term debt in the U.S. At August 31, 2015, we temporarily used $130.0 million of cash from our foreign subsidiaries to pay down short-term debt in the U.S. During a quarter, our short-term borrowings vary, but are lower at the end of a quarter. The average short-term borrowings outstanding for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 were $582.4 million and $548.3 million, respectively. Total average debt outstanding for the nine months ended August 31, 2016 and August 31, 2015 was $1,637.4 million and $1,553.3 million, respectively. 
  The reported values of our assets and liabilities are significantly affected by fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between periods. At August 31, 2016, the exchange rates for the Euro, the British pound sterling, Chinese renminbi and the Polish zloty were lower than at August 31, 2015.  At August 31, 2016, the exchange rates for the Canadian dollar and Australian dollar were higher than at August 31, 2015.  At August 31, 2016, the exchange rates for the British pound sterling and Chinese renminbi were lower than at November 30, 2015.  At August 31, 2016, the exchange rates for the Euro, the Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and the Polish zloty were higher than at November 30, 2015. 
  The June 23, 2016 referendum by British voters to exit the European Union ( Brexit ) adversely impacted global markets, including currencies, and resulted in a sharp decline in the value of the British pound, as compared to the U.S. dollar and other currencies. Volatility in interest rates and in exchange rates is expected to continue in the short term as the United Kingdom (U.K.) negotiates its exit from the European Union. A weaker British pound compared to the U.S. dollar during a reporting period causes local currency results of our U.K. operations to be translated into fewer U.S. dollars. For the year ended November 30, 2015, net sales of our U.K. operations constituted 8% of our consolidated net sales. In the longer term, any impact from Brexit on our U.K. operations will depend, in part, on the outcome of tariff, trade, regulatory, and other negotiations. 
  Credit and Capital Markets 
  Cash flows from operating activities are our primary source of liquidity for funding growth, dividends, capital expenditures and share repurchases. We also rely on our revolving credit facilities, or borrowings backed by these facilities, to fund seasonal working capital needs and other general corporate requirements. We generally use these facilities to support our issuance of commercial paper. If the commercial paper market is not available or viable we could borrow directly under our revolving credit facilities. The facilities are made available by syndicates of banks, with various commitments per bank. If any of the banks in these syndicates are unable to perform on their commitments, our liquidity could be impacted, which would reduce our ability to grow through funding of seasonal working capital. 
  We engage in regular communication with all of the banks participating in our revolving credit facilities. During these communications, none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition, we periodically review our banking and financing relationships, considering the stability of the institutions, pricing we receive on services, and other aspects of the relationships. Based on these communications and our monitoring activities, we believe the likelihood of one of our banks not performing on its commitment is remote. 
  We hold investments in equity and debt securities in both our qualified defined benefit pension plans and a rabbi trust for our nonqualified defined benefit pension plan. We estimate total contributions to our pension plans in 2016 of approximately $25 million in comparison to the $15.7 million of contributions in 2015. Future increases or decreases in pension liabilities and required cash contributions are highly dependent on changes in interest rates and the actual return on plan assets. 
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

We will continue to have cash requirements to support seasonal working capital needs and capital expenditures, to pay interest, to service debt, and to fund acquisitions. In order to meet these cash requirements, we intend to use our existing cash, cash equivalents, and internally generated funds, to borrow under our existing credit facilities or other short-term borrowing facilities, and, depending upon the significance of the cost of a particular acquisition to our then-available sources of funds, to  obtain additional short- and long-term financing. We believe that cash provided from these sources will be adequate to meet our cash requirements over the next twelve months. 

40 

Table of Contents  

ACQUISITIONS 
    
  Acquisitions are part of our strategy to increase sales and profits. We have a particular interest in businesses that meet the growing demand for flavor and health. In addition to bolt-on opportunities, we are seeking larger acquisitions. Geographically, our focus is on acquisitions that build scale where we currently have presence in developed and emerging markets. 
    
  As described in note 2 of the accompanying financial statements, we acquired Stubb's, D A and Brand Aromatics during the year ended November 30, 2015.  We acquired Gourmet Garden in the quarter ended May 31, 2016. 

ACCOUNTING AND DISCLOSURE CHANGES 
    
  New accounting pronouncements are issued periodically that affect our current and future operations. See note 1 of the financial statements for further details of these impacts. 

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
    
  Certain statements contained in this report, including statements concerning expected performance such as those relating to net sales, earnings, cost savings, acquisitions and brand marketing support, are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as  may,   will,   expect,   should,  "anticipate," "intend,"  believe  and  plan.  These statements may relate to: the expected results of operations of businesses acquired by us, the expected impact of raw materials costs and our pricing actions on our results of operations and gross margins, the expected productivity and working capital improvements, expected trends in net sales and earnings performance and other financial measures, the expectations of pension and postretirement plan contributions, the holding period and market risks associated with financial instruments, the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations, the adequacy of internally generated funds and existing sources of liquidity, such as the availability of bank financing, our ability to issue additional debt or equity securities, and our expectations regarding purchasing shares of our common stock under the existing authorizations. 
  These and other forward-looking statements are based on our current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results.  Results may be materially affected by factors such as: damage to our reputation or brand name; loss of brand relevance; increased use of private label or other competitive products; product quality, labeling, or safety concerns; negative publicity about our products; business interruptions due to natural disasters or unexpected events; actions by, and the financial condition of, competitors and customers; our inability to achieve expected and/or needed cost savings or margin improvements; negative employee relations; the lack of successful acquisition and integration of new businesses; issues affecting our supply chain and raw materials, including fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw and packaging materials; government regulation, and changes in legal and regulatory requirements and enforcement practices; global economic and financial conditions generally, including the availability of financing, and interest and inflation rates; the investment return on retirement plan assets, and the costs associated with pension obligations; foreign currency fluctuations; the stability of credit and capital markets; risks associated with our information technology systems, the threat of data breaches and cyber attacks; volatility in our effective tax rate; climate change; infringement of our intellectual property rights, and those of customers; litigation, legal and administrative proceedings; and other risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
  Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.  We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly, any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law.  

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
       
  For information regarding our exposure to certain market risks, see  Market Risk Sensitivity  in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations above and Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2015. Except as described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations above, there have been no significant changes in our financial instrument portfolio or market risk exposures since our November 30, 2015 fiscal year end. 
   
           ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     
   41 

     Table of Contents  

The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  No change occurred in our  internal control over financial reporting  (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)) during our last fiscal quarter which was identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(a) as materially affecting, or reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   42 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
           ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     There are no material pending legal proceedings in which we or our subsidiaries is a party or in which any of our or their property is the subject. 

ITEM 1.A 
    RISK FACTORS 
       
  There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2015. 

ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
     The following table summarizes our purchases of Common Stock (CS) and Common Stock Non-Voting (CSNV) during the third quarter of 2016: 

(1) 
    On July 11, 2016, we purchased 12,228 shares of our common stock from our U.S. defined contribution retirement plan to manage shares, based upon participant activity, in the plan's company stock fund. The price paid per share of $106.13 represented the closing price of the common shares on July 11, 2016. On July 15, 2016, we purchased 23,585 shares of our common stock from our domestic pension plan to facilitate the plan s rebalancing of its asset allocations. The price paid per share of $104.95 represented the closing price of the common shares on July 14, 2016. 
     As of August 31, 2016, $391 million remained of the $600 million share repurchase authorization approved by the Board of Directors in March 2015. There is no expiration date for our repurchase program. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased is determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. 
  In certain circumstances, we issue shares of CS in exchange for shares of CSNV, or issue shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS, in either case pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Typically, these exchanges are made in connection with the administration of our employee benefit plans, executive compensation programs and dividend reinvestment/direct purchase plans. The number of shares issued in an exchange is generally equal to the number of shares received in the exchange, although the number may differ slightly to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. During the third quarter of 2016, we issued 199,160 shares of CSNV in exchange for shares of CS and issued 3,406 shares of CS in exchange for shares of CSNV.  

ITEM 3.     DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
    
  None. 

43 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.               MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not Applicable. 

44 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 
       
  The following exhibits are attached or incorporated herein by reference: 
                         
     Exhibit Number 
       
    Description 
      (3)   
    (i) 
    Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws 

Restatement of Charter of McCormick   Company, Incorporated dated April 16, 1990 
       
    Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration Form S-8, Registration No. 33-39582 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 1991. 

Articles of Amendment to Charter of McCormick   Company, Incorporated dated April 1, 1992 
       
    Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 33-59842 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 1993. 

Articles of Amendment to Charter of McCormick   Company, Incorporated dated March 27, 2003 
       
    Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 of Registration Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-104084 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2003. 
        
    (ii) 
    By-Laws 

By-Laws of McCormick   Company, Incorporated Amended and Restated on June 26, 2012 
       
    Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3(ii) of McCormick's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2012, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 2, 2012. 

(4)     
    Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures 
              (i) 
    See Exhibit 3 (Restatement of Charter and By-Laws) 
            
   45 

     Table of Contents  

(i) 
    McCormick s supplemental pension plan for certain senior and executive officers, amended and restated with an effective date of January 1, 2005, adopted by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors on November 28, 2008, which agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(i) of McCormick s 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2014, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29, 2015.* 
              (ii) 
    The 2001 Stock Option Plan, in which officers and certain other management employees participate, is set forth on pages 33 through 36 of McCormick s definitive Proxy Statement dated February 15, 2001, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2001, and incorporated by reference herein.* 
              (iii) 
    2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan, in which officers and certain other management employees participate, is set forth in Exhibit A of McCormick s definitive Proxy Statement dated February 17, 2004, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2004, and incorporated by reference herein.* 
              (iv) 
    2004 Directors  Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, provided to members of McCormick s Board of Directors who are not also employees of McCormick, is set forth in Exhibit B of McCormick s definitive Proxy Statement dated February 17, 2004, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2004, and incorporated by reference herein.* 
              (v) 
    Directors  Share Ownership Program, provided to members of McCormick s Board of Directors who are not also employees of McCormick, is set forth on page 28 of McCormick s definitive Proxy Statement dated February 17, 2004, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2004, and incorporated by reference herein.* 
               (vii) 
    2005 Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated with an effective date of January 1, 2005, in which directors, officers and certain other management employees participate, which agreement is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of McCormick s Form S-8, Registration No. 333-155775, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 28, 2008.* 
              (viii) 
    The 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, in which directors, officers and certain other management employees participate, is set forth in Exhibit A of McCormick s definitive Proxy Statement dated February 20, 2008, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 20, 2008, and incorporated by reference herein, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, which Amendment is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(xi) of McCormick s 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2008, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2009.* 
               (x) 
    Form of Long-Term Performance Plan Agreement, formerly known as the Mid-Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(x) of McCormick's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2013, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28, 2013.         
     
   46 

     Table of Contents  

(xvi) 
    Employment Agreement between McCormick (UK) Limited and Malcolm Swift, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of McCormick's Form 8-K, File No. 1-14920, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29, 2015.* 
        
  (31)   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications             Filed herewith 
  (32)   Section 1350 Certifications                                 Filed herewith 
  (101) The following financial information from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of McCormick for the quarter ended August 31, 2016, filed electronically herewith, and formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Income Statement; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement; and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
                 * 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

McCormick hereby undertakes to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon its request, copies of additional instruments of McCormick with respect to long-term debt that involve an amount of securities that do not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of McCormick and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(4)(iii)(A). 

47 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

McCORMICK   COMPANY, INCORPORATED 

October 3, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Michael R. Smith 
        
    Michael R. Smith 
        
    Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer 

October 3, 2016 
    By: 
      
    /s/ Christina M. McMullen 
        
    Christina M. McMullen 
        
    Vice President   Controller 

48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mkc-8312016xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  I, Lawrence E. Kurzius, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of McCormick   Company, Incorporated (the  registrant  
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                 Date: October 3, 2016 
    /s/    Lawrence E. Kurzius          
        
    Lawrence E. Kurzius 
        
    President   Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mkc-8312016xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
  I, Michael R. Smith certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of McCormick   Company, Incorporated (the  registrant  
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                 Date: October 3, 2016 
    /s/    Michael R. Smith         
        
    Michael R. Smith 
        
    Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mkc-8312016xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of McCormick   Company, Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lawrence E. Kurzius, President   Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/    Lawrence E. Kurzius         
        
    Lawrence E. Kurzius 
        
    President   Chief Executive Officer 
      Date: October 3, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mkc-8312016xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of McCormick   Company, Incorporated (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending August 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael R. Smith, Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/     Michael R. Smith          
        
    Michael R. Smith 
        
    Executive Vice President   Chief Financial Officer 
      Date: October 3, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mkc-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mkc-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mkc-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mkc-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mkc-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mkc-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

