<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_816761_0000816761-16-000088_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4386375</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116759</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>256225</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1454722</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1708851</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>757308</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000816761-16-000088.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103143404
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000816761-16-000088
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TERADATA CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000816761
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS [3571]
		IRS NUMBER:				753236470
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33458
		FILM NUMBER:		161971172

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10000 INNOVATION DRIVE
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45342
		BUSINESS PHONE:		937-242-4800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10000 INNOVATION DRIVE
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45342

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000816761-16-000088.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 tdc-093016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission File Number 001-33458 
  TERADATA CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    
                   Delaware 
      
    75-3236470 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification No.) 

10000 Innovation Drive 
  Dayton, Ohio 45342 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (866) 548-8348 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.    
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes          No      
  At   October 31, 2016  , the registrant had approximately   129.9 million   shares of common stock outstanding. 
  
   1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Description 
    Page 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Unaudited) Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    7 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    17 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    28 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    28 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Description 
    Page 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    28 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    28 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    29 

Item 3. 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    29 

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    29 

Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    30 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    31 

Signatures  
    32 

2 

Table of Contents  

Part 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
                 Item 1. 
    Financial Statements. 

Teradata Corporation 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

3 

Table of Contents  

Teradata Corporation 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

4 

Table of Contents  

Teradata Corporation 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

5 

Table of Contents  

Teradata Corporation 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 

6 

Table of Contents  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
   
  1. Basis of Presentation 
  These statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and, in accordance with those rules and regulations, do not include all information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). In the opinion of management, the condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to fairly state the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of Teradata Corporation ( Teradata  or the  Company ) for the interim periods presented herein. The year-end   2015   condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures. Actual results may vary from these estimates. 
  These condensed consolidated interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Teradata s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   (the    2015   Annual Report ). The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the full year. 
   
  2. New Accounting Pronouncements 
  Revenue Recognition.   In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued new guidance that affects any entity that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards. The new guidance will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in the current revenue recognition guidance, and most industry-specific guidance. In addition, the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are not in a contract with a customer are amended to be consistent with the guidance on recognition and measurement in this update. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, the FASB defines a five step process which includes the following: (1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued a one-year delay in the effective date of the new standard. Under this guidance, the new revenue standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early application permitted. The standard allows entities to apply the standard retrospectively for all periods presented or alternatively an entity is permitted to recognize the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance as an opening balance sheet adjustment to retained earnings in the period of initial application.  
    
  I  n March 2016, the FASB issued an update that amends and clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations for reporting revenue gross rather than net. In April 2016, the FASB issued an update that amends and clarifies the identification of performance obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property.  
    
  In May 2016, the FASB issued an update which addresses the narrow-scope improvements to the guidance on collectibility, non-cash consideration, and completed contracts at transition. Additionally, the amendments in this update provide a practical expedient for contract modifications at transition and an accounting policy election related to the presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers. All updates issued in 2016 have the same deferred effective date.  

7 

     Table of Contents  

The Company is currently evaluating the impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows, as well as the method of transition that will be used in adopting the standard. 
    
  Leases.   In February 2016, the FASB issued new guidance which requires a lessee to account for leases as finance or operating leases. Both leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability on its balance sheet, with differing methodology for income statement recognition. For lessors, the standard modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. Entities will classify leases to determine how to recognize lease-related revenue and expense. This standard is effective for public entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective approach is required for leases existing or entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the consolidated financial statements. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.    In March 2016, the FASB issued an update which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the Statements of Cash Flows. Under the new standard, income tax benefits and deficiencies are to be recognized in the income statement and the tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. This provision is to be applied prospectively. Excess tax benefits should be recognized regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period, along with any valuation allowance, on a modified retrospective basis as a cumulative-effect adjustment to the retained earnings as of the date of adoption. Excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity. This provision can be applied prospectively or retrospectively for all periods presented. The standard is effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   In August 2016, the FASB issued an update addressing eight specific cash flow issues in an effort to reduce diversity in practice. The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and for interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this update on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Recently Adopted Guidance 
  Accounting for Share-based Payments with Performance Targets  .  In June 2014, the FASB issued new guidance that requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. Compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the periods for which the requisite service has already been rendered. The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2016. This amendment did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items  . This update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2016. This amendment did not have an impact on the Company's results of operations. 
  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   To simplify presentation of debt issuance costs, the amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2016 on a retrospective basis. Debt issuance costs of   $3 million   have been presented as a deduction from the carrying value of the related long-term liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016, respectively. 
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

Intangibles, Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software  . The amendments in this update provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change current guidance for a customer s accounting for service contracts. The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2016. This amendment did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
  Business Combinations  . In September 2015, the FASB issued new guidance that eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. An acquirer will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which it determines the amount of the adjustment. 
   
  3. Supplemental Financial Information   

4. Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets 
  The following table identifies the activity relating to goodwill by operating segment:   

In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company committed to a plan to exit the marketing applications business, which met the criteria for held for sale and continued to be reported under continuing operations. The business was subsequently sold on July 1, 2016. Not included in the table above is $  113 million   at December 31, 2015 for goodwill that has been classified as held for sale. See Note 13 for additional disclosures related to the sale of the business. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company recorded additional goodwill of   $12 million  , for an immaterial acquisition that occurred during the period.   
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Acquired intangible assets were specifically identified when acquired, and are deemed to have finite lives. The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization for Teradata s acquired intangible assets were as follows: 

The gross carrying amount of acquired intangibles was reduced by certain intangible assets previously acquired that became fully amortized and were removed from the balance sheet. Not included in the table above is   $44 million   at December 31, 2015 for intangible assets that were classified as held for sale. See Note 13 for additional disclosures related to the sale of the business. 
  The aggregate amortization expense (actual and estimated) for acquired intangible assets is as follows:   

5. Income Taxes 
  Income tax provisions for interim periods are based on estimated annual income tax rates, adjusted to reflect the effects of any significant infrequent or unusual items which are required to be discretely recognized within the current interim period. The Company s intention is to permanently reinvest its foreign earnings outside of the United States. As a result, the effective tax rates in the periods presented are largely based upon the forecasted pre-tax earnings mix and allocation of certain expenses in various taxing jurisdictions where the Company conducts its business that apply a broad range of statutory income tax rates, a large majority of which are less than the U.S. statutory rate. 
  The effective tax rate is as follows:   

  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , there was a   $22 million   discrete tax expense related to the sale of the marketing applications business that occurred on July 1, 2016.  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, there were no material discrete tax items. The increase in the effective tax rate was driven by the discrete tax impact from the sale of the marketing applications business. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were discrete tax items resulting from the   $76 million   impairment recorded in the first quarter, of which   $57 million   is related to non-deductible goodwill and   $19 million   is related to intangible assets for which   $6 million   of deferred tax benefit has been recorded, as well as the   $22 million   discrete tax impact from the sale of the marketing applications business recognized in the third quarter.  
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the effective tax rate included a discrete tax item resulting from th  e   $340 million   goodwill impairment recorded in the second quarter, of which   $318 million   related to non-deductible goodwill and   $22 million   was for tax deductible goodwill for which   $8 million   of deferred tax benefit has been recorded. The increase in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by the differential in the discrete tax impact of the goodwill impairment period over period and the tax impact from the sale of the marketing applications business recorded in the third quarter of 2016. 

6. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  As a portion of Teradata s operations is conducted outside the United States and in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the Company is exposed to potential gains and losses from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In an attempt to mitigate the impact of currency fluctuations, the Company uses foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge transactional exposures resulting predominantly from foreign currency denominated inter-company receivables and payables. The forward contracts are designated as fair value hedges of specified foreign currency denominated inter-company receivables and payables and generally mature in three months or less. The Company does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading purposes, nor does it hold or issue leveraged derivative instruments. By using derivative financial instruments to hedge exposures to changes in exchange rates, the Company exposes itself to credit risk. The Company manages exposure to counterparty credit risk by entering into derivative financial instruments with highly rated institutions that can be expected to fully perform under the terms of the applicable contracts. 
  All derivatives are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets at their fair value. The fair values of foreign exchange contracts are based on market spot and forward exchange rates and represent estimates of possible value that may not be realized in the future. Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments, along with the loss or gain on the hedged asset or liability, are recorded in current period earnings. The notional amounts represent agreed-upon amounts on which calculations of dollars to be exchanged are based, and are an indication of the extent of Teradata s involvement in such instruments. These notional amounts do not represent amounts exchanged by the parties and, therefore, are not a measure of the instruments. Across its portfolio of contracts, Teradata has both long and short positions relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, Teradata s net involvement is less than the total contract notional amount of the Company s foreign exchange forward contracts. 
  The following table identifies the contract notional amount of the Company s foreign exchange forward contracts:   

  The fair value of derivative assets and liabilities recorded in other current assets and accrued liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were not material. 
  Gains and losses from the Company s fair value hedges (foreign currency forward contracts and related hedged items) were immaterial for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . Gains and losses from foreign exchange forward contracts are fully recognized each period and reported along with the offsetting gain or loss of the related hedged item, either in cost of products or in other income (expense), depending on the nature of the related hedged item. 
  
   11 

Table of Contents  

7. Commitments and Contingencies 
  In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to proceedings, lawsuits, governmental investigations, claims and other matters, including those that relate to the environment, health and safety, employee benefits, export compliance, intellectual property, tax matters and other regulatory compliance and general matters. 
  Guarantees and Product Warranties.   Guarantees associated with the Company s business activities are reviewed for appropriateness and impact to the Company s financial statements. Periodically, the Company s customers enter into various leasing arrangements coordinated with a leasing company. In some instances, the Company guarantees the leasing company a minimum value at the end of the lease term on the leased equipment. As of   September 30, 2016  , the maximum future payment obligation of this guaranteed value and the associated liability balance was   $3 million  .  
  The Company provides its customers a standard manufacturer s warranty and records, at the time of the sale, a corresponding estimated liability for potential warranty costs. Estimated future obligations due to warranty claims are based upon historical factors such as labor rates, average repair time, travel time, number of service calls and cost of replacement parts. For each consummated sale, the Company recognizes the total customer revenue and records the associated warranty liability under other current liabilities in the balance sheet using pre-established warranty percentages for that product class. 
  The following table identifies the activity relating to the warranty reserve for the   nine   months ended   September 30  : 

The Company also offers extended and/or enhanced coverage to its customers in the form of maintenance contracts. The Company accounts for these contracts by deferring the related maintenance revenue over the extended and/or enhanced coverage period. Costs associated with maintenance support are expensed as incurred. Amounts associated with these maintenance contracts are not included in the table above.  
  In addition, the Company provides its customers with certain indemnification rights. In general, the Company agrees to indemnify the customer if a third party asserts patent or other infringement on the part of the customer for its use of the Company s products. The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with the officers and directors of its subsidiaries. From time to time, the Company also enters into agreements in connection with its acquisition and divesture activities that include indemnification obligations by the Company. The fair value of these indemnification obligations is not readily determinable due to the conditional nature of the Company s potential obligations and the specific facts and circumstances involved with each particular agreement, and as such the Company has not recorded a liability in connection with these indemnification arrangements. Historically, payments made by the Company under these types of agreements have not had a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

8. Fair Value Measurements 
  Fair value measurements are established utilizing a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2, defined as significant other observable inputs, such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, or quoted prices in less-active markets for identical assets; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 
  The Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include money market funds and foreign currency exchange contracts. A portion of the Company s excess cash reserves are held in money market funds which generate interest income based on the prevailing market rates. Money market funds are included in cash and cash equivalents in the Company s balance sheet. Money market fund holdings are measured at fair value using quoted market prices and are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.  
  When deemed appropriate, the Company minimizes its exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates through the use of derivative financial instruments, specifically, foreign exchange forward contracts. The fair value of these contracts are measured at the end of each interim reporting period using observable inputs other than quoted prices, specifically market spot and forward exchange rates. As such, these derivative instruments are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. Fair value gains for open contracts are recognized as assets and fair value losses are recognized as liabilities. The fair value derivative assets and liabilities recorded in other current assets and accrued liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were not material. Any realized gains or losses would be mitigated by corresponding gains or losses on the underlying exposures.  
    
  The Company s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and subject to fair value disclosure requirements at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were as follows: 

9. Debt 
    
  Teradata's   $600 million   term loan is payable in quarterly installments, which commenced on   March 31, 2016  , with all remaining principal due in   March 2020  . The outstanding principal amount under the term loan agreement bears interest at a floating rate based upon a negotiated base rate or a Eurodollar rate plus a margin based on the leverage ratio of the Company. As of   September 30, 2016  , the term loan principal outstanding was   $578 million   and carried an interest rate of   1.9375%  . Unamortized deferred issuance costs of approximately   $2 million   are being amortized over the   five  -year term of the loan. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Annual contractual maturities of principal on the term loan outstanding at   September 30, 2016   are as follows: 

Teradata s term loan is recognized on the Company s balance sheet at its unpaid principal balance, and is not subject to fair value measurement. However, given that the loan carries a variable rate, the Company estimates that the unpaid principal balance of the term loan would approximate its fair value. If measured at fair value in the financial statements, the Company s term loan would be classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
  Teradata's revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ) has a borrowing capacity of   $400 million  . The Credit Facility ends on   March 25, 2020   at which point any remaining outstanding borrowings would be due for repayment unless extended by agreement of the parties for up to   two   additional   one  -year periods. The interest rate charged on borrowings pursuant to the Credit Facility can vary depending on the interest rate option the Company chooses to utilize and the Company s leverage ratio at the time of the borrowing. In the near term, Teradata would anticipate choosing a floating rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ). The Credit Facility is unsecured and contains certain representations and warranties, conditions, affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default customary for such facilities. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility, leaving   $400 million   in additional borrowing capacity available. Unamortized deferred costs on the original credit facility and new lender fees of approximately   $1 million   are being amortized over the   five  -year term of the credit facility. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
   
  10. Earnings per Share 
  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the reported period. The calculation of diluted earnings per share is similar to basic earnings per share, except that the weighted average number of shares outstanding includes the dilution from potential shares resulting from stock options, restricted stock awards and other stock awards. The components of basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows:   

  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, due to the net loss attributable to Teradata common stockholders, due to the goodwill impairment charge, potential common shares that would cause dilution, such as employee stock options, restricted stock and other stock awards, have been excluded from the diluted share count because their  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the fully diluted shares would have been   144.5 million  .  
  Options to purchase   4.7 million   and   4.9 million   shares of common stock for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   3.6 million   and   3.3 million   shares of common stock for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because their exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the common shares for the period, and therefore would have been anti-dilutive.  
   
  11. Segment and Other Supplemental Information 
  Effective January 1, 2016, Teradata implemented an organizational change in which it decided to manage the Company's business under   two   geographic regions and the marketing applications division (prior to its completed sale on July 1, 2016); which are also the Company s operating segments: (1) Americas Data and Analytics (North America and Latin America); (2) International Data and Analytics (Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific and Japan); and (3) Marketing Applications. Effective July 1, 2016, following the sale of the marketing applications business, Teradata is managing its business in   two   operating segments:  (1) Americas region (North America and Latin America); and (2) International region (Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific and Japan). For purposes of discussing results by segment, management excludes the impact of certain items, consistent with the manner by which management evaluates the performance of each segment. This format is useful to investors because it allows analysis and comparability of operating trends. It also includes the same information that is used by Teradata management to make decisions regarding the segments and to assess financial performance. The chief operating decision maker evaluates the performance of the segments based on revenue and multiple profit measures, including segment gross margin. For management reporting purposes assets are not allocated to the segments. Prior period segment information has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  
  The following table presents segment revenue and segment gross margin for the Company: 

15 

     Table of Contents  

On July 1, 2016, Teradata completed the sale of our marketing applications business to exclusively focus on our data and analytics business as part of our business transformation plan. See note 13 for additional details. 
  The following table presents revenue by product and services for the Company:   
   
   (1)    Our analytic database software and hardware products are often sold and delivered together as an integrated technology solution in the form of a  node  of capacity. Accordingly, it is impracticable to provide the breakdown of revenue from various types of software and hardware products. 

12. Reorganization and Business Transformation 
  In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company announced a plan to realign Teradata s business by reducing its cost structure and focusing on the Company s core data and analytics business. This business transformation includes exiting the marketing applications business (see Note 13), rationalizing costs, and modifying the Company s go-to-market approach. The Company incurred the following costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to these actions: 
             
    $12 million   for employee severance and other employee-related costs, 
                
    $80 million   charge for asset write-downs, and 
                
    $27 million   for professional services, legal and other associated costs. 
       
  From the amounts incurred above,   $80 million   was for non-cash write-downs of goodwill, acquired intangibles and other assets in the first quarter of 2016. In addition to the costs and charges incurred above, the Company made cash payments of   $18 million   for employee severance that did not have a material impact on its Statement of Operations due to Teradata accounting for its postemployment benefits under Accounting Standards Codification 712,   Compensation - Nonretirement Postemployment Benefits   ( ASC 712 ), which uses actuarial estimates and defers the immediate recognition of gains or losses. Because the Company accounts for postemployment benefits under ASC 712, it did not record any liability associated with ASC 420,   Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations  . 
   
  13. Sale of business 
  In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company committed to a plan to exit the marketing applications business. The assets and liabilities for this business, which were included within our marketing applications segment, were classified as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2015 and, therefore, the corresponding depreciation and amortization expense was ceased at that time. On April 22, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with TMA Solutions, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership and affiliate of Marlin Equity Partners ( Marlin Equity ) to sell the marketing applications business for   $90 million   in cash, subject to a post-closing adjustment for working capital, debt and other metrics. We recognized an impairment of goodwill of $  57 million   and acquired intangibles of   $19 million   in the first quarter of 2016 to adjust the carrying value of the net assets of our marketing applications business to fair value less cost to sell. The divestiture is not presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements because it does not have a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results. 
  Prior to the sale that occurred on July 1, 2016, the marketing applications business that was classified as held for sale, generated revenue of   $69 million   and an operating loss of   $112 million   (which includes loss from impairment of goodwill and acquired intangibles of   $76 million  ) for the six months ended June 30, 2016. The net assets held for sale as of July 1, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were   $87 million   and   $156 million   respectively.  
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

On July 1, 2016, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Teradata completed the sale of Teradata s marketing applications business to Marlin Equity. The purchase price received for this business was approximately   $92 million   in cash, subject to a post-closing adjustment for working capital, debt and other metrics. Transaction costs and post-closing obligations were approximately   $5 million  . Upon completion of the divestiture of the held for sale assets in July 2016, no material gain or loss was recognized as the carrying value of the held for sale assets was equal to the purchase price received less costs to sell.  
  The Company recorded tax expense of approximately   $22 million   in the third quarter of 2016 related to this transaction. The tax expense associated with the tax gain on sale of the marketing applications business assets, of which   $14 million   is cash taxes due to having zero tax basis in goodwill, was calculated based on the amount of proceeds allocated to the various jurisdictions in accordance with the Purchase Agreement at the local statutory rates. The tax expense reported in the third quarter of 2016 is subject to change pending finalization of the working capital, transaction costs and other adjustments. 
  In connection with the closing of the transaction, the parties have entered into a transition services agreement, pursuant to which Teradata will provide certain services to Marlin Equity, including accounting, human resources, order processing and invoicing and information technology services for a service period of up to 15 months after the closing of the transaction. 
   
  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ). 
  You should read the following discussion in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements contained in the MD A are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in the   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  Third   Quarter Financial Overview 
  As more fully discussed in later sections of this MD A, the following were significant financial items for the   third   quarter of   2016  : 
             
    Total revenue was   $552 million   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , down 9% from the   third   quarter of   2015  , with an underlying   13%   decrease in product revenue and a   6%   decrease in services revenue. 
                 
    Operating income was   $89 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to   $77 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  , driven by reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
                 
    The Company completed the sale of its marketing applications business. 
      
  Strategic Overview 
  Teradata s strategy is based around our core belief that analytics and data unleash the potential of great companies. We empower companies to achieve high-impact business outcomes through scalable analytics on an agile data foundation. Through our focus on leading with business outcomes and a consultative approach, our goal is to serve as a trusted advisor to both the business and technical leaders in our customers  organizations. Our business analytics solutions are ideally suited for the world s largest companies who, have the most complex analytics requirements and the need to scale. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

Our strategy is to provide a differentiated set of offerings to this target market through the following portfolio of solutions: 
             
    Business Analytics Solutions:   deliver high-value business outcomes realized by engaging with business users through solution-based selling that leverages analytic consulting and repeatable analytical intellectual property (IP) 
                
    Ecosystem Architecture Consulting:   best-in-class architecture consulting expertise to help customers build optimized analytical ecosystems independent of technology, leveraging both open source and commercial solutions 
                
    Hybrid Cloud:   leading technology and services to deliver an analytic ecosystem deployed in a hybrid cloud architecture, including offerings such as managed cloud, private cloud, public cloud, and on-premises software and hardware. 
     We deliver our solutions on-premises, via the cloud, and "as a service"; offering customers choice in how they deploy a Teradata analytics environment and leverage the power of our solutions. These flexible delivery options are designed to extend our market opportunity. 
  In support of our strategy, we plan to optimize our go-to-market and sales approach to improve effectiveness in demand creation and address new and expanded market opportunities, such as with our consultative business solutions and cloud offerings.  We will continue investing in partnerships to increase the number of solutions available on Teradata platforms, maximize customer value, and increase our market coverage. 
  We believe that our more consultative, solution-selling approach and portfolio of offerings that support customers  choice in procuring and deploying analytics will best position us to be our customers  trusted advisor and partner of choice for architecting, implementing, and managing their analytic solutions. 
   
  Future Trends 
  We believe that future demand for our analytic solutions will increase due to high levels of data growth being driven by new types of data, such as big data and the internet of things, including: machine-generated data, sensor data, data from connected devices, social network data, internet text and search indexing, call detail records, genomics, biological research, medical records, seismic/exploration data, photography and video archives, and large scale e-commerce data.  
  Analytic environments are becoming more complex to design and manage as there are increasing types of analytic tools and techniques, multiple data management systems both on-premises and in the cloud commercial and open-source technologies to be integrated, varying service level requirements, and the growth and volume of data. This complexity drives the need for an overall architecture to manage such environments. Demand for value-added consulting and services is growing as customers seek help with evolving their analytic architectures, rapidly deploying their analytic architectural solutions, and increasingly look to purchase analytic capabilities  as a service".   
  Overall, analytics are growing in importance as global businesses seek new means to drive business value from the ever-increasing amounts and types of data. As a result, we expect that Teradata s leadership status and investments in our strategic areas of focus will position us for future growth. 
  This growth, however, is not expected to be without its challenges from general economic conditions, competitive pressures, alternative technologies, and other risks and uncertainties. Over the past few years, we have seen a shift in the market that included a reduction in customers  large capital investments in traditional data analytic systems and related services.  Specifically, customers have been focusing investments in their analytical ecosystems on products which have lower average selling prices than traditional integrated data warehouse ("IDW") environments, and changing their buying behavior with decisions shifting from IT to business users who typically want operating expense purchasing options.  As a result, our revenue has been impacted by our customers  focus on less capital intensive options like cloud, subscription, rental and usage-based models.  In addition, an increasing percentage of our customers want to buy easy-to-use, vendor managed, on-line delivery  as-a-service  analytics rather than  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

analytic systems. Currently, we believe that the greatest challenge for future revenue growth relate to our ability to adapt and respond to this market shift with respect to the way customers want to purchase and deploy analytic technologies.  
  Overall, we believe that the IDW will remain a critical part of companies  analytical ecosystems and Teradata s technology is highly differentiated with our ability to handle the concurrency and service level agreements of hundreds to thousands of mission-critical users and applications. Further, we believe the Company has the opportunity for continued revenue growth from both the expansion of our existing customers  analytical ecosystems as well as the addition of new customers. Teradata has expanded our offerings as well as our pricing options to make it easier for customers to buy and expand with Teradata including flexible offerings including availability in the cloud and subscription pricing programs. 
  There is risk that pricing and competitive pressures on our solutions could increase in the future as major customers evaluate and rationalize their analytics infrastructure, particularly to the extent that cost becomes the top focus and lower-cost/lower performing alternatives are more seriously and frequently considered. However, such alternatives generally do not enable companies to perform mission-critical, complex analytic workloads to address customer's needed business outcomes from large-scale analytics, discovery analytics, and data management such as those enabled by Teradata s portfolio of offerings. As the market continues to evolve, we will be challenged to generate revenue growth shorter term as customers purchase in smaller deal sizes, and more of our customers shift from upfront perpetual licenses to recurring subscription models. 
  As described above, we are also transforming our go-to-market approach to better position Teradata with both business buyers and IT buyers, and to increase wallet share with our existing customers as well as add more customers.  To meet this objective, we will focus on execution and monitoring our progress with respect to this evolution, as well as working to infuse talent into our organization with key skill sets to support our strategy. 
  We continue to believe that analytics will remain a high priority for companies and longer term will drive growth for Teradata s leading solutions. Moreover, we continue to be committed to new product development and achieving a positive yield from our research and development spending and resources, which are intended to drive future demand. In addition, we will continue to optimize our go-to-market structure to focus on the greatest analytic opportunities, and to manage our cost structure as we work to broaden our product and consulting services portfolios and market penetration.  
  As a portion of the Company s operations and revenue occur outside the United States, and in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, the Company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Based on currency rates as of October 31, 2016, Teradata is expecting less than one point of negative impact from currency translation on our full year projected revenue growth rate. 
   
  Business Transformation 
  Teradata continues to advance in the execution of its business transformation plan to return the Company to profitable growth. As described above, we are strengthening our consultative approach to selling data analytics that enable high-impact business outcomes for our customers and extended our portfolio of hybrid cloud solutions. We are also realigning our go-to-market approach to improve sales effectiveness and achieve better financial results. We will continue to invest and prioritize initiatives that strengthen our ability to be our customers  trusted advisor for data and analytics. 
  In addition, our broad-reaching transformation is intended to drive change across our Company, including in the following key areas:    
             
    Cloud   - We plan to continue to expand our data warehouse offerings in the public cloud and in Teradata s managed cloud environments. With our "Teradata Everywhere   TM   " initiative, we offer our customers greater flexibility and agility through the same Teradata Database that we offer on premises, now in a managed cloud, public cloud, or private cloud environment. For our customers, Teradata Everywhere       is designed to speed time to value, save costs, and encourage analytics use throughout the organization. We are building new services for cloud migration as well as for design, implementation and management of cloud and hybrid cloud environments. 
     
   19 

     Table of Contents  

On premises data warehouse   - We have introduced methods to make it easier to buy, expand, and seamlessly upgrade data warehouses. We expect that our IntelliFlex   TM        platform architecture, released in early 2016, will provide more flexible configurations and seamless expansions of our customers  IDW environments, and that our software-only version of Teradata will allow us to expand with both new and existing customers. 
                
    Analytical ecosystem   - We are adding to our data load and integration software and service offerings capabilities that manage customers' analytical ecosystems with new products such as Teradata Unity   TM   , QueryGrid   TM   , and Listener   TM   . These offerings help connect and manage the customers' ecosystems to help manage and extract value from their data. 
     We expect the mix of our revenues to shift toward cloud, analytical ecosystem, and analytic consulting services over time, as these are faster growing markets. We believe this shift will also help increase our recurring revenue over time.   
  Another element that is critical to Teradata's successful transformation plan is modifying our go-to-market efforts to a more consultative approach to better address the increasing relevance of business buyers and to help customers build analytical ecosystems that include our own technologies as well as open source and other commercial solutions.  We have actions underway to adjust our go-to-market efforts to address these new approaches and align to the way customers want to buy data analytics solutions.  
  The Company has reviewed and rationalized our expense structure and is now moving from a cost reduction initiative to a cost management approach as it invests for Teradata s future, including investments to support our cloud-based initiatives, analytical solutions, realignment of our go-to-market approach, and modernizing our infrastructure. 
  On July 1, 2016, Teradata completed the sale of our marketing applications business to exclusively focus on our data and analytics business, in support of our transformation plans. 
   
  Results of Operations for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  Compared to the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  Revenue   

  Teradata revenue decreased   $54 million   or   9%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . Product revenue decreased   13%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from the prior-year period due to the sale of the marketing applications business on July 1, 2016. In addition, as discussed under the future trends section of this MD A, our revenue has been impacted by our customers' focus on less capital intensive options like cloud, subscription, rental and usage-based models. Many customers have delayed or reduced on-premises purchases to evaluate these other options. This shift is being addressed by our business transformation strategy and could impact our quarterly revenue comparisons as some revenue that we would normally recognize in a given quarter may now be spread over a number of periods. Services revenue decreased   6%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the prior-year period. This was primarily due to a   13%   decrease in consulting revenue, partially offset by a   2%   increase in maintenance revenue from the prior period. The decrease in services was primarily due to the sale of the marketing applications business. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Gross Margin   

  The product gross margin increase as a percentage of revenue was driven by deal and product mix. The services gross margin rate increase was driven by the sale of the marketing applications business on July 1, 2016, which had historically generated lower service gross margins than Teradata's core business. 
  Operating Expenses   

  The decreases in Selling, General and Administrative ("SG A") expense and Research and Development expense were primarily due to cost reduction initiatives and the divestiture of the marketing applications business on July 1, 2016. 
  Other Income (Expense), net   

  Other income in the   third   quarter of 2015 arose primarily from a $35 million gain on the sale of an equity investment. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  Income tax provisions for interim periods are based on estimated annual income tax rates, adjusted to reflect the effects of any significant infrequent or unusual items which are required to be discretely recognized within the current interim period. The Company s intention is to permanently reinvest its foreign earnings outside of the United States. As a result, the effective tax rates in the periods presented are largely based upon the forecasted pre-tax earnings mix between the United States and other foreign taxing jurisdictions where the Company conducts its business under its current structure. The Company estimates its full-year effective tax rate for 2016 to be approximately 38%, which takes into consideration, among other things, the forecasted earnings mix by jurisdiction for 2016 and the discrete tax impact to our effective rate resulting from the $57 million non-deductible goodwill impairment, which resulted in no tax benefit and the $22 million discrete tax impact resulting from the sale of the marketing applications business in the third quarter of 2016. The forecasted tax rate is based on the overseas profits being taxed at an overall effective tax rate of approximately 13%, as compared to the federal statutory tax rate of 35% in the United States.  
  The effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   were as follows:   

21 

     Table of Contents  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, there was a $22 million discrete tax expense related to the sale of the marketing applications business that occurred on July 1, 2016. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, there were no material discrete tax items impacting the effective tax rate. The difference in the effective tax rate period over period was primarily driven by the discrete tax impact from the sale of the marketing applications business in the third quarter of 2016. 
  Revenue and Gross Margin by Operating Segment 
  Effective January 1, 2016, Teradata implemented an organizational change in which it now manages the Company's business under   two   geographic regions and the marketing applications division (prior to its completed sale on July 1, 2016); which are also the Company s operating segments: (1) Americas Data and Analytics (North America and Latin America); (2) International Data and Analytics (Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific and Japan); and (3) Marketing Applications. Effective July 1, 2016, following the sale of the marketing applications business, Teradata is managing its business in two operating segments: (1) Americas region (North America and Latin America); and (2) International region (Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific and Japan). For purposes of discussing results by segment, management excludes the impact of certain items, consistent with the manner by which management evaluates the performance of each segment. This format is useful to investors because it allows analysis and comparability of operating trends. It also includes the same information that is used by Teradata management to make decisions regarding the segments and to assess financial performance. The chief operating decision maker evaluates the performance of the segments based on revenue and multiple profit measures, including segment gross margin. For management reporting purposes assets are not allocated to the segments. Our segment results are reconciled to total company results reported under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in Note 11 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). Prior period segment information has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 
  The following table presents revenue and operating performance by segment for the   three months ended     September 30  : 

Americas Data and Analytics:   Revenue decreased   9%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from the   third   quarter of   2015  , which included a 1% adverse revenue impact from foreign currency fluctuations. As discussed in the future trends section of this MD A, the revenue decline was driven by our customers' focus on less capital intensive options like cloud, subscription, rental and usage-based models. Segment gross margins as a percentage of revenues were higher driven by an increase in product gross margin. The increase in the product gross margin was driven by deal and product mix.  
  International Data and Analytics:   Revenue increased   6%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from the   third   quarter of   2015  . The revenue increase was driven by improved revenues in Europe, Middle East and Africa in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to third quarter of 2015. Segment gross margins as a percentage of revenues were up from  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

third   quarter of   2015   driven by an increase in product gross margin. The increase in the product gross margin was driven by deal and product mix.  
  Marketing Applications:   The marketing applications business was sold on July 1, 2016.  
  Results of Operations for the   Nine Months Ended September 30,   2016  
  Compared to the   Nine Months Ended September 30,   2015  
  Revenue   

  Teradata revenue decreased $115 million or 6% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Foreign currency fluctuations had a 1% adverse impact on revenue in the first nine months. Product revenue decreased 15% in the first nine months of 2016 from the prior-year period due to the sale of the marketing applications business. In addition, as discussed under the future trends section of this MD A, our revenue has been impacted by our customers' focus on less capital intensive options like cloud, subscription, rental and usage-based models. Many customers have delayed or reduced on-premises purchases to evaluate these other options. This shift is being addressed by our business transformation strategy and could impact our year-over-year revenue comparisons as some revenue we would normally recognize in a given period may now be spread over a number of periods. Services revenue decreased 1% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior-year period. This was primarily due to a 4% decrease in consulting revenue partially offset by 2% increase in maintenance revenue from the prior period, both of which were negatively impacted by the sale of the marketing applications business. 
  Gross Margin   

  The product gross margin increase as a percent of revenue was driven by deal and product mix. The services gross margin increase was driven by exiting the marketing applications business which has a lower service margin rate than the Data and Analytics services rate.  
  Operating Expenses   

  The decrease in SG A expense of $48 million was primarily due to the exit of the marketing applications business and cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by higher annual incentive payment accruals. R D expenses decreased $19 million due to the exit of the marketing applications business, and cost reduction initiatives.  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

The Company recognized an impairment of goodwill of $  57 million   and acquired intangible assets of $  19 million   in the first quarter of 2016 to adjust the carrying amount of the marketing applications business, which was sold on July 1, 2016, to its fair value less cost to sell.  
  In addition, the Company also recorded a $4 million impairment charge related to the sale of its corporate plane that was completed in the second quarter of 2016. 
  The Company recorded a $340 million impairment of goodwill during the quarter ended June 30, 2015, also related to the marketing applications business.  
  Other (Expense) Income, net   

  Other income in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 increased primarily from $50 million in gains on the sale of equity investments. 
  Provision for Income Taxes 
  The effective tax rate for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   were as follows:   

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the effective tax rate includes a discrete tax impact resulting from the $76 million impairment of goodwill and acquired intangibles recorded in the first quarter, of which $57 million is related to non-deductible goodwill and $19 million is related to the impairment of intangibles, for which a tax benefit of $6 million was recorded, as well as a $22 million discrete tax impact from the sale of the marketing applications business recognized in the third quarter. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the effective tax rate includes a discrete tax impact resulting from the $340 million goodwill impairment reflected in the second quarter, of which $318 million is related to non-deductible goodwill and $22 million relates to tax-deductible goodwill, for which a tax benefit of $8 million was recorded. The difference in the effective tax rate period over period was primarily driven by the difference in the discrete tax impact from the non-deductible goodwill impairment recorded in the first quarter of 2016 versus the second quarter of 2015 and the tax impact from the sale of the marketing applications business recorded in the third quarter of 2016. 

Revenue and Gross Margin by Operating Segment 
  The following table presents revenue and operating performance by segment for the nine months ended   September 30  : 
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Americas Data and Analytics:   Revenue decreased 9% in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the first nine months of 2015, which included a 1% adverse revenue impact from foreign currency fluctuations. As discussed in the future trends section of this MD A, the revenue decline was driven by our customers focus on less capital intensive options like cloud, subscription, rental and usage-based models. Segment gross margins as a percentage of revenue were higher due to favorable product mix.  
  International Data and Analytics:   Revenue increased 4% in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the first nine months of 2015, which included a 1% adverse revenue impact from foreign currency fluctuations. The revenue increase was driven by improved revenues in the European and Asia Pacific regions in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to first nine months of 2015. Segment gross margins were flat as compared to the first nine months of 2015. 
  Marketing Applications:   Revenue decreased 39% in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the first nine months of 2015. The decline in revenue was driven by the divestiture of the marketing applications business on July 1, 2016. Prior to its divestiture, the overall segment gross margin increase was primarily driven by higher product and professional services margins. In the first nine months of 2015 the Company made investments to help better position the Company to go broader in the market, which resulted in lower service margins in 2015. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Cash provided by operating activities increased by   $25 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in cash provided by operating activities was due to changes in working capital, primarily due to a larger collection of receivables as compared to the prior period. 
  Teradata s management uses a non-GAAP measure called  free cash flow,  which is not a measure defined under GAAP. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures for property and equipment, and additions to capitalized software, as one measure of assessing the financial performance of the Company, and this may differ from the definition used by other companies. The components that are used to calculate free cash flow are GAAP measures taken directly from the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited). We believe that free cash flow information is useful for investors because it relates the operating cash flow of the Company to the capital that is spent to continue and improve business operations. In particular, free cash flow indicates the amount of cash available after capital expenditures, for among other things, investments in the Company s existing businesses, strategic acquisitions and repurchase of Teradata common stock. Free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures since there may be     other non-discretionary expenditures that are not deducted from the measure. This non-GAAP measure should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, cash flows from operating activities under GAAP. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

The table below shows net cash provided by operating activities and capital expenditures for the following periods: 

Financing activities and certain other investing activities are not included in our calculation of free cash flow. These other investing activities included $16 million for immaterial acquisitions in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $9 million in the prior year period. The nine months ended September 30, 2015 also includes $69 million of proceeds from the sale of equity investments. As discussed in Note 13 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited), the Company sold its marketing applications business on July 1, 2016. The proceeds from the business included $92 million, which is subject to a post-closing adjustment for working capital, debt and other metrics. 
  Teradata s financing activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   consisted of cash outflows for share repurchases, payments on credit facility borrowings and long-term debt. The Company purchased   2.9 million   shares of its common stock at an average price per share of   $23.83   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   15.5 million   shares at an average price per share of   $35.45   in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The first program (the  dilution offset program ), allows the Company to repurchase Teradata common stock to the extent of cash received from the exercise of stock options and the Teradata Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) to offset dilution from shares issued pursuant to these plans. As of   September 30, 2016  , under the Company s second share repurchase program (the  general share repurchase program ), the Company had   $525 million   of authorization remaining to repurchase outstanding shares of Teradata common stock. Share repurchases made by the Company are reported on a trade date basis. Our share repurchase activity depends on factors such as our working capital needs, our cash requirements for capital investments, our stock price, and economic and market conditions. 
  Proceeds from the ESPP and the exercise of stock options were   $28 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and  $20 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. These proceeds are included in other financing activities, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited). Additionally, during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company repaid $180 million against the principal balance of its revolving credit facility (the "Credit Facility") and $22 million on its term loan, which is discussed further below. 
  Our total in cash and cash equivalents held outside the United States in various foreign subsidiaries was   $961 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   $819 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . The remaining balance held in the United States was   $27 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   $20 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . Under current tax laws and regulations, if cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the United States are distributed to the United States in the form of dividends or otherwise, we would be subject to additional United States income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and possible foreign withholding taxes. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have not provided for the United States federal tax liability on approximately $1.3 billion of foreign earnings that are considered permanently reinvested outside of the United States. 
  Management believes current cash, cash flows from operations and the   $400 million   available under the Credit Facility will be sufficient to satisfy future working capital, research and development activities, capital expenditures, pension contributions, and other financing requirements for at least the next twelve months. The Company principally holds its cash and cash equivalents in bank deposits and highly-rated money market funds. 
  The Company s ability to generate positive cash flows from operations is dependent on general economic conditions, competitive pressures, and other business and risk factors described in the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K (the    2015   Annual Report ), and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. If the Company is  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or otherwise to comply with the terms of the credit facility and term loan agreement, the Company may be required to seek additional financing alternatives. 
  Long-term Debt.   Teradata's   $600 million   term loan is payable in quarterly installments, which commenced on   March 31, 2016  , with all remaining principal due in   March 2020  . The outstanding principal amount under the term loan agreement bears interest at a floating rate based upon a negotiated base rate or a Eurodollar rate plus a margin based on the leverage ratio of the Company. As of   September 30, 2016  , the term loan principal outstanding was   $578 million   and carried an interest rate of   1.9375%  . Unamortized deferred issuance costs of approximately   $2 million   are being amortized over the   five  -year term of the loan. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Teradata's Credit Facility has a borrowing capacity of   $400 million  . The Credit Facility ends on   March 25, 2020   at which point any remaining outstanding borrowings would be due for repayment unless extended by agreement of the parties for up to two additional one-year periods. The interest rate charged on borrowings pursuant to the Credit Facility can vary depending on the interest rate option the Company chooses to utilize and the Company s leverage ratio at the time of the borrowing. In the near term, Teradata would anticipate choosing a floating rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ). The Credit Facility is unsecured and contains certain representations and warranties, conditions, affirmative, negative and financial covenants, and events of default customary for such facilities. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility, leaving   $400 million   in additional borrowing capacity available. Unamortized deferred costs on the original credit facility and new lender fees of approximately $1 million are being amortized over the five-year term of the credit facility. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Contractual and Other Commercial Commitments.   There has been no significant change in our contractual and other commercial commitments as described in the   2015   Annual Report. Our guarantees and product warranties are discussed in Note 7 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited). 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. In connection with the preparation of these financial statements, we are required to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and the related disclosure of contingent liabilities. These assumptions, estimates and judgments are based on historical experience and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable at the time. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Our critical accounting policies are those that require assumptions to be made about matters that are highly uncertain. Different estimates could have a material impact on our financial results. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of these policies and estimates may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or circumstances. Our management periodically reviews these estimates and assumptions to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and are materially correct. 
  In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require significant management judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting among available alternatives would not produce a materially different result. The significant accounting policies and estimates that we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results are discussed in the   2015   Annual Report. Teradata s senior management has reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures and determined that there were no significant changes in our critical accounting policies in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Also, there were no significant changes in our estimates associated with those policies, except as discussed below. 
  On April 22, 2016, the Company entered into a definitive Asset Purchase Agreement with Marlin Equity to sell the marketing applications business for $90 million in cash, subject to a post-closing adjustment for working capital, debt and other metrics. The purchase price received for this business was approximately $92 million in cash. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Prior to the sale, the Company performed a goodwill impairment analysis on the business to be disposed of based on the revised fair value. As a result of this analysis, the Company recognized an impairment of goodwill of $57 million in the first quarter of 2016. In addition, acquired intangible assets were reduced in the first quarter of 2016 by $19 million to adjust the carrying amount of the disposal group's net assets and liabilities down to its fair value less cost to sell. No further adjustments were required in the third quarter of 2016 to either goodwill or intangible assets.  
  The Company will continue to evaluate goodwill on an annual basis as of the beginning of its fourth quarter, and whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as significant adverse changes in operating results, market conditions or changes in management s business strategy, indicate that there may be an indicator of impairment. It is possible that the assumptions used by management related to the evaluation may change or that actual results may vary significantly from management s estimates. As a result, additional impairment charges may occur in the future.  
   
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
  See discussion in Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) for new accounting pronouncements. 
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  There have not been any material changes to the market risk factors previously disclosed in Part II, Item 7A of the Company s   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Teradata maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including, as appropriate, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
  Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  Part II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
  The information required by this item is included in the material under Note 7 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which could materially affect the business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. The risks described in the 2015 Form 10-K are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

immaterial also may materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, cash flows and/or operating results of the Company. The risk factor below is an update to our 2015 Form 10-K. 
  Risks Relating to the Referendum of the United Kingdom s Membership of the European Union     
  On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom (the  U.K. ) held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the European Union (the  E.U. ), commonly referred to as  Brexit . As a result of the referendum, it is expected that the British government will begin negotiating the terms of the U.K. s withdrawal from the E.U. The announcement of Brexit caused significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations that resulted in the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies in which we conduct business. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies may adversely affect our operating results. The announcement of Brexit may also create global economic uncertainty, which may cause our customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending budgets on our products and services. Any of these effects of Brexit, among others, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.  
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
  Purchase of Company Common Stock 
  During the   third   quarter of   2016  , the Company executed purchases of 307,978 shares of its common stock at an average price per share of   $24.89   under the two share repurchase programs that were authorized by our Board of Directors. The first program (the  dilution offset program ), allows the Company to repurchase Teradata common stock to the extent of cash received from the exercise of stock options and the Teradata Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) to offset dilution from shares issued pursuant to these plans. As of   September 30, 2016  , under the Company s second share repurchase program (the  general share repurchase program ), the Company had   $525 million   of authorization remaining to repurchase outstanding shares of Teradata common stock. Share repurchases made by the Company are reported on a trade date basis. 
  Section 16 officers occasionally sell vested shares of restricted stock to the Company at the current market price to cover their withholding taxes. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the total of these purchases was 7,060 shares at an average price of $24.30 per share. 
  The following table provides information relating to the Company s share repurchase programs for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
  None 
   
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
  None 
  
   29 

Table of Contents  

Item 5. Other Information. 
  None 
  
   30 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits. 

* Management contracts or compensatory plans, contracts or arrangements. 
  
   31 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TERADATA CORPORATION 

Date:  November 3, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ Stephen M. Scheppmann 

Stephen M. Scheppmann 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

32 

<EX-3.5>
 2
 tdc-201693016ex35.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.5

Exhibit 

10000 Innovation Drive.      Dayton, OH 45342 

PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL 

September 14, 2016 
    
                   Suzanne Zourmaras 
      
    Email: szouma@yahoo.com 

San Diego, CA 
    
  Dear Suzy: 
    
  I am delighted to extend to you this offer of employment with Teradata Corporation (together with its affiliates,  Teradata ).  Your position title will be EVP and Chief Human Resources Officer, reporting directly to Vic Lund  ,   President and CEO.  I am anticipating your employment to commence on October 3, 2016, contingent upon Teradata s receipt of appropriate results from your background investigation and drug test and formal approval by the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of Teradata s Board of Directors (the  Committee ).   
    
  This letter outlines the key elements of your compensation.  Given that your role will be as an executive officer with Teradata, all outlined compensation elements are subject to the review and approval of the Committee.    
    
  We are recommending to the Committee that it approve a gross base salary of $360,000.00 annually; this equates to a weekly rate of $6,923.08.      Because we operate on a bi-weekly pay schedule, you will be paid two weeks salary five days following the close of each pay cycle.  Additional details regarding your overall compensation and benefits program are outlined in Attachment A.  Your compensation will be reviewed from time to time for adjustment as appropriate in the judgment of the Committee. 
    
  In addition to your base salary, you will be eligible to participate in the Teradata Management Incentive Plan (MIP).  Teradata s MIP is a performance-based annual incentive program for executive officers that includes an annual bonus program based on financial and strategic performance results achieved by Teradata, as well as your individual performance against your business objectives.  As such, MIP awards are subject to discretionary adjustment based on performance as outlined in the guidelines.  We are recommending to the Committee that it approve an MIP target incentive opportunity of 65% of your eligible earnings, pro-rated for the number of months in role, which would bring your total targeted annual compensation to $594,000.26.  The bonus is scheduled to be paid in March 2017 following the 2016 plan year.     
    
  This offer of employment reflects the entire agreement regarding the terms and conditions of your employment and is contingent upon your agreement to certain   Conditions of Employment   as outlined in Attachment B, including but not limited to the restriction of disclosure of any trade secret or confidential/proprietary information during your employment at Teradata, as well as approval by the Committee.  Upon your acceptance of this employment offer, please read the instructions and contents of Attachment B and sign your acceptance within 3 business days of the receipt of this letter.     

Suzy, I am enthusiastic about the contributions you will bring to the Teradata team, and I certainly hope you will decide to join us.  I believe this opportunity represents a chance for you to extend your professional career in an exciting and rewarding Teradata environment.   
    
  If you have any questions regarding the details of this offer, please contact Laura Nyquist, General Counsel at 937-242-4845 or her mobile (937-305-6727). Laura will make the necessary arrangements to ensure any additional questions you may have are addressed, so you are able to make an informed decision. 
    
  Sincerely,   

Vic Lund     
  President and CEO 

ATTACHMENT A 
  INCENTIVES AND BENEFITS 
    
  Executive Equity Awards: 
  Contingent upon your acceptance of this offer, we will recommend to the Compensation and Human Resource Committee of the Teradata Board of Directors (the  Committee ) that you be granted an equity award with a total value of $850,000.00 to be delivered as approved by the Committee.  The effective date of the grant for this award will be the same date on which the annual equity awards for Teradata executive officers are effective ( Equity Effective Date ), which we anticipate to be on or about November 28, 2016. While the precise nature of the award to be granted will be as determined by the Committee, which has not yet decided on the equity vehicle mix of the annual equity award program for executive officers, we expect that management will recommend the following delivery vehicles to the Committee, which would result in your recommended award being delivered as follows:   
    
  Performance-Based Restricted Share Units 
    
  On the Equity Effective Date, we recommend to the Committee that Teradata grant you Performance-Based Restricted Share Units (the  PBRSUs ) with a value of $510,000.00.  The actual number of PBRSUs would be determined by taking the value of the award and dividing it by the average closing price of Teradata common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the Equity Effective Date.  The result would be rounded to the nearest whole unit.   
    
  It is expected that the PBRSUs would have a three-year performance period and would vest in full in February 2020, subject to your continued employment with Teradata on the vesting date and other terms and conditions set forth in the award agreement(s) for the PBRSUs.  The PBRSUs will be subject to standard terms and conditions determined by the Committee.   
    
  Restricted Share Units 
    
  We recommend that Teradata grant you Restricted Share Units (the  RSUs ) with a value of $170,000.00.  The actual number of RSUs would be determined by taking the value of the award and dividing it by the average closing price of Teradata common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the Equity Effective Date.  The result shall be rounded to the nearest whole unit.   
    
  The RSUs are expected to vest one-third on each anniversary of the Equity Effective Date until vested in full at three years, subject to your continued employment with Teradata on each applicable vesting date and other terms and conditions set forth in the award agreement for the RSUs.  The RSUs will be subject to standard terms and conditions determined by the Committee.   
    
  Stock Options 
    
  We recommend that Teradata grant you Stock Options with a value of $170,000.00.  The actual number of Stock Options would be determined by taking the value of the award and dividing it by the average closing price of Teradata common stock for the twenty (20) trading days immediately preceding, but not including, the Equity Effective Date.  The result shall be rounded to the nearest whole share.   
    
  The Stock Options are expected to vest one-fourth on each anniversary of the Equity Effective Date until vested in full at four years, subject to your continued employment with Teradata on each applicable vesting date and the other terms and conditions set forth in the award agreement for the Stock Options.  The Stock Options will be subject to standard terms and conditions determined by the Committee.   

Your equity awards will be issued under the terms of Teradata s Stock Incentive Plan, which is administered by Fidelity Investments       .  The specific terms and conditions relating to the award will be outlined in the applicable award agreement contained on Fidelity s website.  Within two weeks after your Equity Effective Date, your grant will be loaded to Fidelity s system.  You will be able access your grants at www.netbenefits.fidelity.com.  Please review the grant information, including the applicable grant agreement, carefully and indicate your acceptance by clicking on the appropriate button.   
    
  If you have questions about your shares you may contact the Fidelity Stock Plan Services Line directly at 1-800-429-2363. For questions that Fidelity is unable to answer, contact Teradata by email at compensation.global@teradata.com 
    
  IMPORTANT NOTICE:   
  You must accept your award online in accordance with the procedures established by the Company and the Plan administrator. By accepting your award in accordance with these procedures, you acknowledge that a copy of the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the  Plan ), the Plan Summary and Prospectus, and the Company's most recent Annual Report and Proxy Statement (collectively, the "Prospectus Information") either have been received by you or are available for viewing on the Company's intranet site at HReXpress (located in the  Related Links  section of the Management Stock Options / Restricted Shares page), and you consent to receiving this Prospectus Information electronically, or, in the alternative, agree to contact Global, Compensation, to request a paper copy of the Prospectus Information at no charge. By accepting your award, you also represent that you are familiar with the terms and provisions of the Prospectus Information and that you accept the award on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in the applicable grant agreement for your award and in the Plan.  Failure to accept your award may result in its cancellation. 
    
  Change in Control: 
  We will recommend to the Committee that you be eligible to participate in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan (the  CIC Plan ) as a Tier II participant, following approval by the Committee of your participation. We anticipate that you would  be designated by the Committee as an eligible Participant effective upon the date you begin your employment with Teradata; however, this plan is subject to amendment or termination by Teradata in accordance with the terms of the CIC Plan.  The CIC Plan details are provided in the Teradata Change in Control Severance Plan, a copy of which will be provided to you separately.   
  Vacation Exception:  
  Under Teradata s vacation policy you are entitled to receive paid vacation days and holidays.  As Teradata associates gain tenure, they accrue additional vacation rewards.  In recognition of your prior work experience, Teradata will waive the tenure requirements of our policy to provide additional vacation during your first nine years of Teradata employment.  Given your expected start date of October 3, 2016, you will be eligible to receive five (5) vacation days and two (2) floating holidays this year.   In 2017, you will accrue twenty (20) vacation days and six (6) floating holidays.  In your tenth year of Teradata employment, you will revert to Teradata s standard vacation policy. All vacation accrues on a prorated basis throughout the year and vests monthly on the first day of each month.  Additionally, Teradata recognizes the following as paid holidays: New Year s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.  
    
  Teradata Benefits:     
  When you begin employment with Teradata you will have the opportunity to elect benefits for yourself and your eligible dependents retroactive to your first day of employment. If you do not make any benefit elections, you will be provided core coverage for yourself only, as of your hire date. Teradata core benefit coverage includes:  
    
  Teradata Health Care Coverage, Teradata Dental Care Coverage, Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Coverage, Life Insurance Coverage, and Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Coverage. 

You will have the opportunity to design your own personalized benefit elections through the company's flexible benefits program 10-15 days after Teradata establishes your payroll record. After Teradata receives your signed offer letter and employment paperwork, the Benefits Center will send an email to your work email address with information on how to enroll in Teradata s benefits plans. You should receive this email within a few days of your first day of employment. You will have 30 days to make benefit elections and to enroll eligible dependents, whose coverage will be made retroactive to your date of hire. Annual enrollment is traditionally conducted in November each calendar year. At that time, you will have an opportunity to make benefits elections for the following year.  
    
  Additionally, you will be eligible to participate in the Teradata Savings Plan (401k), and the Teradata Stock Purchase Plan. Information about each program is available on the Fidelity NetBenefits website, accessible once you begin employment. 
    
  Tax Matters: 
  Teradata agrees to cooperate with you to amend your offer letter to the extent you deem necessary to avoid imposition of any additional tax under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, but only to the extent such amendment would not have a more than de minimis adverse effect on Teradata. 
    
  Notwithstanding any other provision of your offer letter, Teradata may withhold from any amounts payable hereunder, or any other benefits received pursuant hereto, such minimum federal, state and/or local taxes as shall be required to be withheld under any applicable law or regulation.   

ATTACHMENT B 
  CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT 

Teradata requires employment candidates to successfully complete various employment documentation and processes.  This offer of employment is conditioned upon your satisfying and agreeing to the criteria which follow: drug screening test, all pre-employment verification, U.S employment eligibility, Teradata mutual agreement to arbitrate all employment related claims, and Teradata employment agreement.  You assume any and all risks associated with terminating any prior or current employment, or making any financial or personal commitments based upon Teradata s conditional offer.  

1.   Background Check and Drug Screen Test:      
  This offer of employment is conditioned upon your taking a urine drug screen test and our receipt of negative results from that test.  By accepting this offer and these conditions you are giving Teradata permission to release the results to Teradata designated officials.            
    
  Instructions:   Upon signing the offer and pre-employment verification, a link from First Advantage will be sent to you to initiate the background check process. Please submit your information within 3 days of receipt of the link. Upon submission of the background information, instructions for scheduling the drug screen test will be provided on the website.   The drug screen test must be taken within 3 business days of submitting your background information 
    
           2.  
    Pre-Employment Verification: 
     This offer of employment is conditioned upon the verification of your background to include the following: education and employment history, Social Security Number validation, criminal history, credit history, national sex offender search, and Global Sanctions check.  Depending on job responsibilities, some positions may require that your driving record is also satisfactory.    
           
           3.  
    U.S. Employment Eligibility: 
     Pursuant to the terms of the Immigration and Control Act of 1986, Teradata can only hire employees if they are legally entitled to work and remain in the United States.   
    
           4. 
    Teradata Employment Terms and Conditions: 
     As a condition of employment, you must read, understand and agree to the enclosed document. By signing the Teradata Employment Agreement, you are verifying receipt of this document and your agreement and willingness to abide with the contents of the Teradata Terms and Conditions of Employment, Protection of Trade Secrets Agreement, and Consent to Collection of Personal Data. The Teradata Consent to Collection of Personal Data apprises you of Teradata personal data collection practices. 
    
  5.   Teradata Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate all Employment Related Claims: 
  As a condition of employment for any Teradata position, you must read, understand and agree to the enclosed document:   Teradata Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate All Employment Related Claims  .  By signing this acceptance of employment, you are verifying the receipt of this document and your agreement and willingness to abide with the contents of the Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate Agreement.   
     
   6.  Teradata Code of Conduct   Conflicts of Interest Certifications for New Hires: 
  Teradata requires that each new associate read the Teradata Values Statement and Code of Conduct and certify his/her reading of it and his/her commitment to comply with it.  Teradata also requires that each new associate disclose in writing all actual and potential conflict of interest circumstances which pertain to him/her and certify that he/she has disclosed all conflict of interest circumstances in writing  

to Teradata.  These requirements apply to both new associates who are hired as employees and new associates engaged as individual independent staff contractors.      
  Generally, these certifications should be provided by each new associate within 30 days after his/her start-date.  Sometimes a new associate may require more time to provide these certifications (for example, if he/she does not yet have a Teradata computer, Teradata email address, or online access to Teradata networks/systems), in which case he/she may provide the certifications later.  But, Teradata policies require that in all events the certifications must be provided by no later than 90 days after the new associate s start-date.     
    
  New associates can provide these certifications and disclosures by either: (a) completing the online Teradata Code of Conduct training and certification module through the Teradata University e-learning system; or (b) manually completing and submitting the form below.  We prefer that it be done through the online Teradata University module.  Teradata University can be accessed from the Teradata employee intranet web home page (http://teradatanet.teradata.com)     under the  Sites  tab   Learning   Teradata University. Once on the Teradata University web site, you will find Code of Conduct under the Curriculum Status section on the home page. Click on the title then click on the Go to Content button  . 
    
  The Code of Conduct training and certification module on Teradata University includes links to the Teradata Values Statement and Code of Conduct and instructions for the conflicts of interest disclosure.  The Teradata Values Statement and Code of Conduct, as well as Teradata policies and related ethics and compliance documents and information can be accessed by associates through the following internal-Teradata web page: http://iis.teradatanet.teradata.com/teradatanet/codeofconduct.asp; and the Values Statement and Code of Conduct can be accessed through the following external-Teradata web page:.     
    
  Teradata requires that each Teradata associate re-certify the same each year.  Teradata will distribute information about the annual Code of Conduct and Conflicts of Interest certification process to all associates by email, employee web-site/portal announcements and/or employee e-newsletter announcements.  The annual re-certification typically will occur in the October/November time frame of each year and typically will be done electronically.  New associates still will need to complete the annual all-associate online certification, even if he/she completed the new-hire certification earlier in the same year. 
    
  Only new associates who do not complete the certifications and disclosures online through the above-described module on Teradata University and the instructions in that module should complete, sign and submit copies of the following form to their manager, their Teradata Human Resources representative and HR Service Center  We also recommend that the new associate retain a copy of his/her certification and disclosures (e.g. a copy of the completed form below or a copy of the completion-acknowledge page from the online module). 
    
  Accepting this Offer of Employment:  
  By accepting and signing Teradata s offer of employment you certify to Teradata that you are not subject to a non-competition agreement with any company which would preclude or restrict you from performing the position being offered in this letter.   We also advise you of Teradata s policy of respecting the intellectual property rights of other companies.  You should not bring with you to your Teradata position any documents or materials designated as confidential, proprietary or trade secret by another company, nor in any other way disclose trade secret information while employed by Teradata. 
    
  This offer letter supersedes and completely replaces any prior oral or written communication on this subject, including all prior agreements on compensation or bonuses (it being understood that this letter will not supersede but will be in addition to any restrictive covenants to which you may otherwise be or become subject).  This letter reflects the general description of the terms and conditions of your employment with Teradata, and is not a contract of employment for any definite duration of time.  The employment relationship  

with Teradata is by mutual consent ( Employment at Will ).  This means either you or Teradata have the right to discontinue the employment relationship with or without cause at any time and for any reason. 
    
  By accepting and signing Teradata s offer of employment, you acknowledge that you have read the foregoing information relative to Teradata s conditions of employment and understand that your employment offer is conditioned upon their satisfaction. 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 tdc-2016930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14 
  I, Victor L. Lund, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Teradata Corporation; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     . 

Date:  November 3, 2016 
       
    /s/ Victor L. Lund 

Victor L. Lund 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 tdc-2016930ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14 
  I, Stephen M. Scheppmann, certify that:  
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Teradata Corporation; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Stephen M. Scheppmann 

Stephen M. Scheppmann 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 tdc-2016930ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Teradata Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 (section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), that: 
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     The foregoing certification (i) is given to such officers  knowledge, based upon such officers  investigation as such officers reasonably deem appropriate; and (ii) is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 (section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

Date:  November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Victor L. Lund 

Victor L. Lund 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date:  November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Stephen M. Scheppmann 

Stephen M. Scheppmann 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Teradata Corporation and will be retained by Teradata Corporation and furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tdc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tdc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tdc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tdc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tdc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tdc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

