<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-Q_edgar_data_1610950_0001610950-16-000060_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5856911</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132949</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>341544</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1888775</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2414676</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>960543</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>41</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001610950-16-000060.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161031064236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001610950-16-000060
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INC Research Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001610950
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMMERCIAL PHYSICAL & BIOLOGICAL RESEARCH [8731]
		IRS NUMBER:				273403111
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36730
		FILM NUMBER:		161959967

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3201 BEECHLEAF COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		919-876-9300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3201 BEECHLEAF COURT
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			RALEIGH
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27604

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001610950-16-000060.txt : 20161031

10-Q
 1
 q32016form10-qdocument.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    

FORM 10-Q    

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from            to            . 
  Commission File Number: 001-36730 

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Delaware 
      
    27-3403111 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

3201 Beechleaf Court, Suite 600, Raleigh, North Carolina 27604-1547 
  (Address of principal executive offices and Zip Code) 
  (919) 876-9300 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes               No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes               No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    x 
       
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes               No        
  As of   October 24, 2016  , there were approximately   53,616,646   shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC. 
  FORM 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Page 
      Item 1. 
     Financial Statements  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    3 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    4 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (unaudited)  
    5 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
    6 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    24 
      Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    38 
      Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    38 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    39 
      Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    39 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
    39 
      Item 5. 
     Other Information  
    40 
      Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    41 
        
     Signatures  
    42 
        
     Exhibit Index  
    43 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1.  Financial Statements. 

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

1  . Basis of Presentation and Changes in Significant Accounting Policies 
  Principal Business 
  INC Research Holdings, Inc. (the "Company") is a Contract Research Organization ("CRO") providing a comprehensive range of clinical development services for the biopharmaceutical and medical device industries to its customers across various therapeutic areas. The international infrastructure of the Company s development business enables it to conduct Phase I to Phase IV clinical trials globally for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies. 
  Unaudited Interim Financial Information 
  The Company prepared the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") for interim financial information.  The significant accounting policies followed by the Company for interim financial reporting are consistent with the accounting policies followed for annual financial reporting.  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, in management s opinion, include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for a fair presentation.  The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 24,   2016  .  The results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016   or any other future period.  The amounts in the   December 31, 2015   consolidated condensed balance sheet are derived from the audited financial statements as of   December 31, 2015  . 
  Share-Based Compensation 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , in an effort to simplify the accounting for share-based payments and improve the usefulness of information provided to financial statement users related to income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and the classification of share-based payments within the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this ASU will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, and early adoption is permitted. The Company elected to early adopt this ASU effective in the first quarter of 2016. The following summarizes the effects of the adoption on the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements: 
  Income taxes   - Upon adoption of this standard, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of dividends on share-based payment awards) are recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards are treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. The Company also recognizes excess tax benefits regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payable in the current period. As a result, the Company recognized discrete adjustments to income tax expense for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , in the amount of   $4.6 million   and   $12.6 million  , respectively, related to excess tax benefits. The Company has applied the modified retrospective adoption approach beginning in 2016 and has recorded a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings and reduced its deferred tax liability by   $7.6 million  . This adjustment related to tax assets that had previously arisen from tax deductions for equity compensation expenses that were greater than the compensation recognized for financial reporting. These assets had been excluded from the deferred tax assets and liabilities totals on the  
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

balance sheet as a result of certain realization requirements previously included in ASC 718   Stock Compensation  . Prior periods have not been adjusted.  
  Forfeitures   - Prior to adoption, share-based compensation expense was recognized on a straight line basis, net of estimated forfeitures, such that expense was recognized only for share-based awards that are expected to vest. A forfeiture rate was estimated annually and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differed from initial estimates. Upon adoption, the Company will no longer apply a forfeiture rate and instead will account for forfeitures as they occur. The Company has applied the modified retrospective adoption approach beginning in 2016 and has booked a cumulative-effect adjustment to additional paid-in-capital and share-based compensation expense of   $0.1 million  . Prior periods have not been adjusted.  
  Statements of Cash Flows   - The Company historically accounted for excess tax benefits on the Statement of Cash Flows as a financing activity.  Upon adoption of this standard, excess tax benefits are classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity. The Company has elected to adopt this portion of the standard on a prospective basis beginning in 2016. Prior periods have not been adjusted.  
  Earnings Per Share   - The Company uses the treasury stock method to compute diluted earnings per share, unless the effect would be anti-dilutive. Under this method, the Company will no longer be required to estimate the tax rate and apply it to the dilutive share calculation for determining the dilutive earnings per share.  The Company has utilized the modified retrospective adoption approach and has applied this methodology beginning in 2016 and prior periods have not been adjusted. 
  Upon adoption, no other aspects of ASU 2016-09 had an effect on the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements or related footnote disclosures. 
  Property and Equipment 
  Beginning in 2016, the Company adopted ASU No. 2015-05,   Customer's Accounting For Fees Paid In A Cloud Computing Arrangement  , which provides guidance for accounting for cloud computing costs. Upon adoption of this standard, software cloud computing arrangements containing a software license are accounted for consistently with the acquisition of other software licenses. In the event an arrangement does not contain a software license, the Company accounts for the arrangement as a service contract. The Company has elected to adopt this standard prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements or related footnote disclosures. Prior periods have not been restated.  
    
  Derivatives 
  The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative. If the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and has satisfied the criteria necessary, the Company applies hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge.  The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risks, even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company chooses not to apply hedge accounting. Details related to the Company's derivative transactions as of   September 30, 2016  , are discussed in "  Note 4 - Derivatives  " of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

In accordance with FASB s fair value measurement guidance, the Company measures the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio.  
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
    
  In May 2014, FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  . ASU 2014-09 will eliminate transaction- and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also will require additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In July 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date  , which delayed the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year and modified the standard to allow early adoption.  For public entities, the standard is now effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period.  Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.  In March 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , to clarify principal versus agent considerations in order to improve the operability and understandability of the implementation guidance related to this topic. In April 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  . ASU 2016-10 clarifies the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations. In May 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  . ASU 2016-12 does not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606, but rather narrows aspects of Topic 606 by reducing the potential for diversity in practice at initial application and by reducing the cost and complexity of applying Topic 606 both at transition and on an ongoing basis. These ASUs apply to all companies that enter into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services. ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 did not change the core principles of the previously issued guidance and did not change its effective date. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of these standards on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, implementing accounting system changes related to the adoption, and considering additional disclosure requirements. 
    
  In August 2014, FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  . ASU 2014-15 will explicitly require management to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern at each annual and interim period. Footnote disclosures will be required if conditions give rise to substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the report issuance date. The ASU defines substantial doubt using a likelihood threshold of "probable" similar to the current use of that term in U.S. GAAP for loss contingencies and provides example indicators. ASU 2014-15 is effective for reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In January 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities  .  ASU 2016-01 requires public companies to use exit prices to measure the fair value of financial instruments.  Specifically the guidance will require separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statement and will eliminate the disclosure requirements related to measurement assumptions for the fair value of instruments measured at amortized cost. In addition, for liabilities measured at fair value under the fair value option, ASU 2016-01 requires companies to present in other comprehensive income changes in fair value due to changes in instrument specific credit risk. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is not permitted for  
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

public companies. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases  . ASU 2016-02 will require organizations to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet, including leases that were previously classified as operating leases. The ASU will also require additional disclosures about leasing arrangements related to the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The amendments in this ASU are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption of the amendments is permitted and the new guidance will be applied using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships  . ASU 2016-05 clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require de-designation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.  ASU 2016-05 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Credit Losses, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  . ASU 2016-13 introduces a new forward-looking  expected loss  approach, to estimate credit losses on most financial assets and certain other instruments, including trade receivables. The estimate of expected credit losses will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information, current information and reasonable and supportable forecasts. This ASU also expands the disclosure requirements regarding the entity s assumptions, models and methods for estimating expected credit losses. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. ASU 2016-13 is effective for public entities for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for all entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods therein. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which provides guidance on reducing the diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. In addition to other specific cash flow issues, ASU 2016-15 provides clarification on when an entity should separate cash receipts and cash payments into more than one class of cash flows and when an entity should classify those cash receipts and payments into one class of cash flows on the basis of predominance. The new guidance is effective for the fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In October 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,   Income Taxes (Topic 740) Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  , in an effort to reduce the cost and complexity, as well as improve the accounting for income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets. Under current U.S. GAAP the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer is prohibited until the asset has been sold to an outside party.  ASU 2016-16 eliminates the requirement to delay recognition and allows an entity to recognize the income tax consequences when the transfer of an intra-entity asset other than inventory occurs. The new guidance is effective for the fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for which financial statements have not been issued. That is, earlier adoption should be in the first interim period if an entity issues interim financial statements. The Company is currently evaluating the timing of adoption and estimates that the impact of this guidance will not be material to its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   10 

Table of Contents  

2  . Financial Statement Details 
  Accounts receivable billed, net    
  Accounts receivable billed, net of provision for doubtful accounts, consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Goodwill  
  The changes in carrying amounts of goodwill by segment for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were as follows (in thousands): 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes 
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss ("AOCL"), net of taxes consisted of the following (in thousands): 

11 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the changes in AOCL, net of taxes by component for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  : 

The following table summarizes the changes in AOCL, net of taxes by component for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  : 

Amounts reported in AOCL related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s term loan. The Company estimates that   $0.3 million   will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense in the next 12 months.   
    
  Other (expense) income, net 
  Other (expense) income, net consisted of the following (in thousands): 

12 

Table of Contents  

3  . Long-Term Debt 
    
  First Amendment to the Credit Agreement  
    
  On August 31, 2016, the Company entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Increase Revolving Joinder (the  First Amendment ) which amended the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2015 (as amended, the  Credit Agreement ). The First Amendment, (i) extended the maturity date of the term and revolving loans under the Credit Agreement to August 31, 2021, (ii) increased the available borrowing capacity under the revolving line of credit from   $150.0 million   to   $200.0 million  , and (iii) reduced the interest rate margins on all term and revolving loans, and certain fees.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $475.0 million   was outstanding on the term loan. The Company is not required to make principal payments on the term loan until September 30, 2017. From then through June 30, 2021, the term loan has scheduled quarterly principal payments of the initial principal borrowed of   1.25%  , or   $5.9 million   per quarter in year 2;   1.875%  , or   $8.9 million   per quarter in years 3 and 4; and   2.50%  , or   $11.9 million   per quarter in year 5; with the remaining outstanding principal due on August 31, 2021.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   $25.0 million   in revolver borrowings,   $0.8 million   of letters of credit, and   no   swingline loans outstanding, leaving   $174.2 million   in available borrowings under the Revolver.  
  The Credit Agreement provides Eurodollar Rate and Base Rate term loans. Eurodollar Rate term loans are one-, two-, three-, or six-month loans (or, with permission, twelve-months) and interest is due on the last day of each three-month period of the loans. Base Rate term loans have interest due the last day of each calendar quarter-end. In advance of the last day of the then-current type of loan, the Company may select a new type of loan, so long as it does not extend beyond August 31, 2021.   
  Under the First Amendment, the applicable margin with respect to Base Rate loan was reduced to between   0.25%   and   1.00%  , and the applicable margin with respect to the Eurodollar Rate borrowings was reduced to between   1.25%   and   2.00%   depending on the "Secured Net Leverage Ratio" (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The Company will continue to pay a quarterly commitment fee between   0.20%   and   0.35%   on the average daily unused balance of the Revolver depending on the Secured Net Leverage Ratio at the adjustment date. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on the term loan was   2.03%   and the interest rate on the Revolver was   2.04%  . 
  The Credit Agreement permits the Company to increase term loan or revolving commitments and/or to request the establishment of one or more new term loan facilities and/or revolving facilities in an aggregate amount not to exceed   $175.0 million   if certain net leverage requirements are met. The availability of such additional capacity is subject to, among other things, receipt of commitments from existing lenders or other financial institutions.  
  
   13 

Table of Contents  

The Company's maturities of obligations under the Credit Agreement for the years following   December 31,   2015, are as follows (in thousands): 

The Credit Agreement contains usual and customary restrictive and financial covenants, as well as financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with its debt covenants for all periods through   September 30, 2016  . 
  Debt Issuance Costs 
  The Company recorded debt issuance costs related to its term loan of approximately   $2.4 million   and   $2.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. These costs were recorded as a reduction of the principal balance of the associated debt and are being amortized as a component of interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the term loan. 
  The Company recorded total debt issuance costs related to its revolving line of credit of approximately   $1.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Debt issuance costs associated with the revolver are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other long-term assets within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. These costs are amortized as a component of interest expense using the effective interest method over the term of the Revolver. 
   
  4  . Derivatives 
    
  On May 11, 2016, the Company entered into   two   interest rate swaps with a combined notional value of   $300.0 million   in an effort to limit its exposure to variable interest rates on its term loan. Interest began accruing on the swaps on June 30, 2016 and the interest rate swaps expire on June 30, 2018 and May 14, 2020. The material terms of these derivatives are substantially the same as those contained within the Credit Agreement, including monthly settlements with the swap counterparty.  
    
  The interest rate swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges because these transactions were executed to manage the Company's exposure to variable interest rate movements and their impact on future interest payments. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in AOCL and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings and is included in the "Interest expense" line item in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded an immaterial amount of hedge ineffectiveness in earnings attributable to inconsistencies in certain terms between the interest rate swaps and its Credit Agreement. 

14 

Table of Contents  

The fair values of the Company s interest rate swaps designated as hedging instruments and the line items on the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets to which they were recorded are summarized in the following table (in thousands): 
                                   
    Balance Sheet Classification 
      
    September 30, 2016 
      
    December 31, 2015 
      Interest rate swaps - current  
    Accrued liabilities 
      
    $ 
    48 

$ 

Interest rate swaps - non-current 
    Other long-term assets 
      
    $ 
    54 

$ 

Interest rate swaps - non-current 
    Other long-term liabilities 
      
    $ 
    250 

$ 

5  . Fair Value Measurements 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company s financial instruments included cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, debt and interest rate swaps. The fair value of the cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their respective carrying amounts based on the liquidity and short-term nature of these instruments.   
  The fair value of the long-term debt is determined based on market prices for similar financial instruments or model-derived valuations based on observable inputs and falls under Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as defined in the authoritative guidance. The estimated fair value of the long-term debt and revolver was   $495.3 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  
  Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
  Currently, the Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its risk related to variable interest rates on its term loan. The fair value of interest rate swaps is determined using the market standard methodology of discounted future variable cash receipts. The variable cash receipts are determined by discounting the future expected cash receipts that would occur if variable interest rates rise above the fixed rate of the swaps. The variable interest rates used in the calculation of projected receipts on the swap are based on an expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves and volatilities. As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of the interest rate swaps was approximately   $0.2 million   and these derivatives were identified as Level 2 assets and liabilities.  
  The Company did not have any recurring fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) as of   September 30, 2016  . There were   no   transfers between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
  Certain assets, including goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, are carried on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets at cost and are not re-measured to fair value on a recurring basis. These assets are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, net are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a triggering event has occurred. The Company tests finite-lived intangible assets for impairment upon the occurrence of certain triggering events.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , assets carried on the balance sheet and not re-measured to fair value on a recurring basis totaled   $677.0 million   and were comprised of: goodwill of   $553.0 million  ; finite-lived intangible assets, net, of   $89.0 million  ; and indefinite-lived intangible assets of   $35.0 million  . 
  
   15 

Table of Contents  

6  . Restructuring, CEO Transition and Other Costs 
  On March 31, 2016, management approved a global plan to eliminate certain positions worldwide in an effort to ensure that the Company's organizational focus and resources were properly aligned with its strategic goals and to continue strengthening the delivery of its growing backlog to customers. Accordingly, the Company made changes to its therapeutic unit structure designed to realign with management focus and optimize the efficiency of its resourcing to achieve its strategic plan. Under this plan  ,   the Company eliminated approximately   195   positions and incurred   $7.1 million   related to employee severance costs during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The Company expects to complete the remaining actions and make substantially all payments to affected employees during 2016. During the third quarter, the Company also announced the closure of one of its facilities associated with this restructuring. The Company plans to exit this facility and record a restructuring charge during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  On July 27, 2016, the Company entered into a transition agreement with its former Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") related to the transition to a new CEO as of October 1, 2016.  The CEO transition agreement is effective September 30, 2016 through February 28, 2017. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company recognized   $2.8 million   of costs associated with this transition, which will be paid through August 2018. 
  Additionally, the Company incurred charges of   $0.5 million   related primarily to legal and consulting cost incurred for the continued consolidation of its legal entities and the restructuring of its contract management process in preparation for adopting further accounting pronouncements. These costs were partially offset by a net reduction in facility closure expenses of   $0.2 million   due to the reversal of previously accrued liabilities as a result of completing negotiations with respect to exiting certain facilities.  
  The Company expects to incur additional costs between   $3.1 million   and   $4.1 million   during the fourth quarter of 2016, related to its restructuring activities and the CEO transition. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company made payments and provision adjustments for all plans as presented below (in thousands): 

The costs related to these actions are included in the "Restructuring, CEO transition and other costs" line item in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. These costs are not allocated to the Company s reportable segments because they are not part of the segment performance measures regularly reviewed by management.   
  
   16 

Table of Contents  

7  . Shareholders' Equity 
  On July 26, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved a   $150.0 million   repurchase program for shares of the Company s common stock in open market transactions effected through a broker-dealer at prevailing market prices, in block trades, or in privately negotiated transactions. The Company may also repurchase shares of its common stock pursuant to a trading plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which would permit shares of the Company s common stock to be repurchased when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so by law. The program commenced on August 1, 2016 and will end no later than December 31, 2017. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any particular amount of common stock, and it could be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. The timing and amount of repurchases will be determined by the Company s management based on a variety of factors such as the market price of the Company s common stock, the Company s liquidity requirements, and overall market conditions. The stock repurchase program will be subject to applicable legal requirements, including federal and state securities laws. 
  On August 22, 2016, the Company's former private equity sponsors, Avista Capital Partners, L.P. ("Avista") and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board ("OTPP"), completed a secondary offering for   4,500,000   shares of the Company's common stock. In conjunction with the secondary offering, the Company repurchased   1,500,000   shares of its Class A common stock under the stock repurchase program from Avista and OTPP in a private transaction at a price of   $43.00   per share, resulting in a total purchase price of approximately   $64.5 million  . The Company immediately retired all of the repurchased Class A common stock and charged the par value of the shares to common stock. The excess of the repurchase price over par was applied on a pro rata basis against additional paid-in-capital, with the remainder applied to accumulated deficit. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had remaining authorization to repurchase up to   $85.5 million   of shares of the Company's common stock under the stock repurchase program. 
   
  8  . Earnings Per Share 
  The following table provides a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   (in thousands, except per share data): 

17 

Table of Contents  

The computation of diluted earnings per share excludes unexercised stock options and unvested restricted stock units ("RSUs") that are anti-dilutive.  The following common stock equivalents were excluded from the earnings per share computation as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands): 

9  . Share-Based Compensation 
  The following table summarizes option activity for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  : 

The Company recorded a receivable of   $0.4 million   from the Company's brokerage services provider associated with certain stock option exercises, which was included in the "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" line item on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  . The full amount was received in October 2016. 
  
   18 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes activity related to performance- and time-based RSUs for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  : 

At   September 30, 2016  , there was   $28.1 million   of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   2.7 years  . 
    
  Performance Based Awards 
  In January 2016, the Company s Board of Directors (the "Board") and Compensation Committee granted the executive officers performance-based RSUs ( PRSUs ) for up to a maximum of   144,900   shares of common stock. These performance-based grants are subject to the Company's performance in fiscal years 2016, 2017 and 2018 and will not be distributed until after the 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed. Vesting is contingent upon the Company meeting company-wide adjusted earnings per share performance goals in each of the   three   years. The related share-based compensation expense is determined based on the value of the underlying shares on the date of grant and is recognized over the vesting term, with a maximum of one-third of the potential awards earned in each year the targets are met. During the interim financial periods, management estimates the number of PRSUs that are probable to vest until the achievement of the performance goals is known. These awards are included in the table above. 
    
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
    
  In March 2016, the Board approved the INC Research Holdings, Inc. 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ), which was also approved by the Company s shareholders on May 24, 2016. The ESPP allows eligible employees to authorize payroll deductions of up to   10%   of their base salary or wages to be applied toward the purchase of full shares of the Company s common stock on the last trading day of the offering period. Participating employees will purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a   15%   discount to the lesser of the closing price of the Company's common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (i) on the first day of the trading period or (ii) the last trading day of each offering period.  Offering periods under the ESPP are   six   months in duration and the first offering period began on September 1, 2016. Under this plan, the Company recognized share-based compensation expense of   $0.1 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   1.0 million   shares reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. 
    
  Total share-based compensation expense associated with stock options, RSUs, and the ESPP recognized in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows (in thousands): 

19 

Table of Contents  

10  . Income Taxes 
  The Company s effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   18.2%   and   17.6%  , respectively.  The Company's effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to (i) the geographic split of pre-tax income, (ii) tax credits, and (iii) discrete tax adjustments related to foreign exchange losses due to historical branch transactions and excess tax benefits on share-based payments, as described in Note 1 under "Share-Based Compensation."   
    
  The Company s effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was   6.2%   and   8.6%  , respectively.  The Company's effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to (i) income or losses generated in jurisdictions where the income tax expense or benefit was offset by a corresponding change in the valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets, (ii) the geographic split of pre-tax income, and (iii) discrete tax adjustments related to the release of valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company's unrecognized tax benefits totaled   $16.6 million  , all of which would impact the Company's effective tax rate if recognized. The increase in the tax liability from December 31, 2015 is attributable to the Company's adoption of ASU 2013-11. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. As of   September 30, 2016  , accrued interest and penalties totaled   $1.7 million   and   $0.8 million  , respectively.  
   
  11  . Segment Information 
  The Company is managed through   two   reportable segments: Clinical Development Services and Phase I Services.  Clinical Development Services offers a variety of services, including full-service global studies, as well as ancillary services such as clinical monitoring, investigator recruitment, patient recruitment, data management, study reports to assist customers with their drug development process, and specialized consulting services.  Phase I Services focuses on clinical development services for Phase I trials that include scientific exploratory medicine, first-in-human studies through proof-of-concept stages, and support for Phase I studies in established compounds.  
  
   20 

Table of Contents  

The Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM") reviews segment performance and allocates resources based upon segment revenue and segment contribution margin.  Inter-segment revenue is eliminated from the segment reporting presented to the CODM and is not included in the segment revenue presented in the table below.  Revenue, direct costs and contribution margin for each of the Company's segments were as follows (in thousands):     

The CODM reviews the Company's assets on a consolidated basis. The Company does not allocate assets to its reportable segments as they are not included in the review performed by the CODM for purposes of assessing segment performance or allocating resources. 
  
   21 

Table of Contents  

12  . Operations by Geographic Location 
  The Company conducts operations in North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America through wholly-owned subsidiaries and representative sales offices. The Company attributes net service revenue to geographical locations based upon the location of the customer (i.e., the location to which the Company invoices the end customer).  The following table summarizes total revenue by geographic area (in thousands and all intercompany transactions have been eliminated): 

(1)  Net service revenue for the North America region includes revenue attributable to the United States of   $208.0 million   and   $165.9 million  , or   80.1%   and   70.7%   of net service revenue, for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Net service revenue for the North America region includes revenue attributable to the United States of   $582.4 million   and   $477.0 million  , or   75.9%   and   70.8%   of net service revenue, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.   No   other countries represented more than   10%   of net service revenue for any period. 
  The following table summarizes long-lived assets by geographic area (in thousands and all intercompany transactions have been eliminated): 

(1)  Long-lived assets for the North America region include property and equipment, net attributable to the United States of   $31.3 million   and   $28.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
   
  13  .  Concentration of Credit Risk 
  No customer accounted for 10% or more of total net service revenue for the three or nine months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  .   
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   no   customer accounted for more than   10%   of billed and unbilled accounts receivable balances. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  

14  . Related-Party Transactions 
  The Company recorded net service revenue of   $0.3 million     and   $0.5 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, from a customer who had a significant shareholder who was also a significant shareholder of the Company. The Company recorded net service revenue of   $0.1 million     for both the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , from a customer who had a significant shareholder who was also a significant shareholder of the Company. 
   
  15  . Commitments and Contingencies 
  The Company records accruals for claims, suits, investigations and proceedings when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  The Company reviews claims, suits, investigations and proceedings at least quarterly and records or adjusts accruals related to such matters to reflect the impact and status of any settlements, rulings, advice of counsel or other information pertinent to a particular matter. 
  In the normal course of business, the Company periodically becomes involved in various claims and lawsuits that are incidental to its business.  While the outcome of these matters could differ from management's expectations, the Company does not believe the resolution of these matters will have a material effect upon the Company's financial statements. 
  The Company currently maintains insurance for risks associated with the operation of its business, provision of professional services and ownership of property.  These policies provide coverage for a variety of potential losses, including loss or damage to property, bodily injury, general commercial liability, professional errors and omissions, and medical malpractice.  
  The Company is self-insured for certain losses relating to health insurance claims for the majority of its employees located within the United States.  The Company purchases stop-loss coverage from third party insurance carriers to limit individual or aggregate loss exposure with respect to the Company's health insurance claims.  
  Accrued insurance liabilities and related expenses are based on estimates of claims incurred but not reported. Incurred but not reported claims are generally determined by taking into account historical claims payments and known trends such as claim frequency and severity.  The Company makes estimated judgments and assumptions with respect to these calculations, including but not limited to, estimated healthcare cost trends, estimated lag time to report any paid claims, average cost per claim and other factors.  The Company believes the estimates of future liability are reasonable based on its methodology; however, changes in claims activity (volume and amount per claim) could materially affect the estimate for these liabilities.  The Company continually monitors claim activity and incidents and makes necessary adjustments based on these evaluations.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had accrued self-insurance reserves of   $3.1 million  . 
  
   23 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  Forward Looking Statements 
  You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  In addition to historical condensed consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect, among other things, our current expectations and anticipated results of operations, all of which are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements, market trends, or industry results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  Therefore, any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements and should be evaluated as such. Without limiting the foregoing, the words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   projects,   should,   targets,   will  and the negative thereof and similar words and expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  Unless legally required, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in the factors affecting such forward-looking information.  
  We caution you that any such forward-looking statements are further qualified by important factors that could cause our actual operating results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including without limitation, regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory conditions and the following: the impact of underpricing our contracts, overrunning our cost estimates or failing to receive approval for or experiencing delays with documentation of change orders; the impact of unfavorable economic conditions, including the uncertain economic environment in Europe as a result of the recent vote by the United Kingdom to exit from the European Union, changes in exchange rates and effective income tax rate fluctuations; our potential failure to generate a large number of new business awards and the risk of delay, termination, reduction in scope or failure to go to contract of our business awards; our potential failure to convert backlog to revenue; the risks associated with our information systems infrastructure; our reliance on key personnel and good corporate governance as we transition from having been a "controlled company" that was majority owned by our private equity sponsors; any adverse effects from customer or therapeutic area concentration; the risks associated with doing business internationally; our potential failure to successfully increase our market share, grow our business, and execute our growth strategies; our failure to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations; the risk of litigation and personal injury claims; the risks associated with potential future acquisitions or investments in our customers' businesses or drugs; the impact of changes in government regulations and healthcare reform; and our ability to service our substantial indebtedness.  For a further discussion of the risks relating to our business, see  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly report on Form 10-Q and Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
   
  Overview of our Business and Services  
  We are a leading global CRO, based on revenues, and are exclusively focused on Phase I to Phase IV clinical development services for the biopharmaceutical and medical device industries. We provide our customers highly differentiated therapeutic alignment and expertise, with a particular strength in central nervous system ("CNS"), oncology and other complex diseases. We consistently and predictably deliver clinical development services in a complex environment and offer a proprietary, operational approach to clinical trials through our Trusted Process        methodology. Our service offerings focus on optimizing the development of and, therefore, the commercial potential for, our customers  new biopharmaceutical compounds, enhancing returns on their research and development ("R D"), investments, and reducing their overhead by offering an attractive variable cost alternative to fixed cost, in-house resources. 
  
   24 

Table of Contents  

Our extensive range of services supports the entire drug development process from Phase I to Phase IV and allows us to offer our customers an integrated suite of investigative site support and clinical development services. We offer these services across a wide variety of therapeutic areas with deep clinical expertise and a primary focus on Phase II to Phase IV clinical trials. We provide total biopharmaceutical program development while also providing discrete services for any part of a trial. Our combination of service area experts and depth of clinical capability allows for enhanced protocol design and actionable trial data.   
  We have   two   reportable segments: Clinical Development Services and Phase I Services. Clinical Development Services offers a variety of services, including full-service global studies, as well as ancillary services such as clinical monitoring, investigator recruitment, patient recruitment, data management, study reports to assist customers with their drug development process, and specialized consulting services. Phase I Services focuses on clinical development services for Phase I trials that include scientific exploratory medicine, first-in-human studies through proof-of-concept stages, and support for Phase I studies in established compounds. For financial information regarding revenue and long-lived assets by geographic areas, please see   Note 12 - Operations by Geographic Location   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations herein is presented on a consolidated basis. Because our Clinical Development Services segment accounts for substantially all of our business operations, we believe that a discussion of our reportable segments  operations would not be meaningful disclosure for investors. See further discussion in   Note 11 - Segment Information   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  We earn net service revenue primarily for services performed under contracts for global clinical drug trials, based upon output measures that are specific to the services performed and defined by the contract. Engagements for Phase II to Phase IV clinical trials, which represent the majority of our revenue, are typically long duration contracts ranging from several months to several years. The contracts for these engagements typically cover the detailed scope of work, phases, milestones, billing schedules and processes for review of work and clinical results. Contracts are individually priced and negotiated based on the anticipated level of effort required to complete the project, the complexity and performance risks, and the level of competition in the market. 
  Direct costs associated with these contracts consist principally of compensation expense and benefits associated with our employees and other employee-related costs. While we can manage the majority of these costs relative to the amount of contracted services we have during any given period, direct costs as a percentage of net service revenue can vary from period to period. Such fluctuations are due to a variety of factors, including, among others: (i) the level of staff utilization created by our ability to effectively manage our workforce, (ii) adjustments to the timing of work on specific customer contracts, (iii) the experience mix of personnel assigned to projects, and (iv) the service mix and pricing of our contracts. In addition, as global projects wind down or as delays and cancellations occur, staffing levels in certain countries or functional areas can become misaligned with the current business volume. 
   
  New Business Awards and Backlog  
  We add new business awards to backlog when we enter into a contract or when we receive a written commitment from the customer selecting us as its service provider, provided that (i) the customer has received appropriate internal funding approval, (ii) the project or projects are not contingent upon completion of another trial or event, (iii) the project or projects are expected to commence within the next 12 months, and (iv) the customer has entered or intends to enter into a comprehensive contract as soon as practicable.  We recognize revenue on these awards as services are performed, provided we have entered into a contractual commitment with the customer.   
  
   25 

Table of Contents  

Our new business awards, net of cancellations of prior awards, for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $330.1 million   and   $327.7 million  , respectively. Our new business awards, net of cancellations of prior awards, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $934.5 million   and   $879.1 million  , respectively.  Net new business awards were higher in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to the continued growth of our CNS therapeutic area. New business awards have varied and may continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter.  Fluctuations in our reported backlog and net new business award levels often result from the fact that we may receive a small number of relatively large orders in any given reporting period.  Because of these large orders, our backlog and net new business awards in that reporting period might reach levels that are not sustained in subsequent reporting periods. 
  The dollar amount of our backlog consists of anticipated future net service revenue from business awards that either have not started but are anticipated to begin in the future, or that are in process and have not been completed.  Our backlog also reflects any cancellation or adjustment activity related to these contracts.  The average duration of our contracts will fluctuate from period to period in the future based on the contracts comprising our backlog at any given time.  The majority of our contracts can be terminated by our customers with 30 days' notice.  We adjust the amount of our backlog each quarter for foreign currency fluctuations.  For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a favorable impact on our   September 30, 2016   backlog in the amount of   $3.6 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively, primarily due to the strengthening of the Euro against the U.S. dollar. For the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016  , fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in an unfavorable impact on our   September 30, 2016   backlog in the amount of  $6.6 million  , primarily due to the weakening of the British Pound and the Euro against the U.S. dollar.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our backlog was   $2.0 billion   and   $1.8 billion  , respectively. Included within backlog at   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $0.25 billion   that we expect to generate revenue from during the remainder of   2016  .  
  We believe that backlog and net new business awards might not be consistent indicators of future revenue because they have been, and likely will be, affected by a number of factors, including the variable size and duration of projects, many of which are performed over several years, cancellations and changes to the scope of work during the course of projects. Additionally, projects may be canceled or delayed by the customer or delayed by regulatory authorities. Projects that have been delayed for less than 12 months generally remain in backlog, but the anticipated timing of the recognition of revenue is uncertain.  We generally do not have a contractual right to the full amount of the revenue reflected in our backlog. If a customer cancels an award, we might be reimbursed for the costs we have incurred. As we increasingly compete for and enter into large contracts that are more global in nature, we expect the rate at which our backlog and net new business awards convert into revenue to decrease, or lengthen. See "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business - Our Backlog might not be indicative of our future revenue, and we might not realize all of the anticipated future revenue reflected in our backlog" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   26 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth amounts from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements along with the percentage changes for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except percentages): 

27 

Table of Contents  

Net Service Revenue and Reimbursable Out-of-Pocket Expenses  
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , total revenue was comprised of the following (in thousands, except percentages): 

28 

Table of Contents  

For the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , net service revenue increased by   $25.1 million  , or   10.7%  , to   $259.6 million   from   $234.5 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  .  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , net service revenue increased by   $94.0 million  , or   14.0%  , to   $767.4 million   from   $673.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . In   2016  , our revenue grew across all therapeutic areas and has been particularly strong in the central nervous system, oncology and other complex therapeutic areas.  During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in an unfavorable impact of   $2.6 million   and   $8.6 million  , respectively, on net service revenue as compared to the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .   
  Net service revenue from our top five customers accounted for approximately   32.0%   and   33.4%   of total net service revenue for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Net service revenue from our top five customers accounted for approximately   33.3%   and   34.5%   of total net service revenue for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  No customer accounted for 10% or more of total net service revenue for the three or nine months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  .   
  Reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the timing of program initiation or closeout and the mix of program complexity and do not necessarily change in correlation to net service revenue. For the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses, which represent expenses related to our clinical studies that are passed directly through to customers, increased by   $16.6 million  , or   14.3%  , to   $132.2 million   from   $115.7 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses increased by   $114.2 million  , or   35.4%  , to   $437.2 million   from   $323.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . The reimbursements are offset by an equal amount shown under the same caption in the "Costs and operating expenses" section in our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and, accordingly, have no impact on income from operations.   
  Direct Costs and Reimbursable Out-of-pocket Expenses 
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , direct costs and reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses were as follows (in thousands, except percentages):  

29 

Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of the year-over-year fluctuation in components of direct costs during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared to the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   (in thousands): 

Our direct costs increased by   $24.1 million  , or   17.8%  , to   $159.6 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $135.5 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . Our direct costs increased by   $72.2 million  , or   18.1%  , to   $471.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $399.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . These increases were primarily driven by the growth in our revenues and the resulting need for additional resources, along with our need to utilize a higher percentage of third party contractors during 2016 compared to 2015 as discussed further below. 
  The salaries, benefits and incentive compensation portion of direct costs increased by   $10.9 million   and   $38.5 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in the prior year. These increases were primarily driven by additional personnel to support the growth of our business, partially offset by favorable fluctuations in foreign currency, as discussed further below.    
  Other direct costs increased by   $13.2 million   and   $33.7 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , primarily due to (i) an increase in temporary contract labor costs to meet requested accelerated project timelines, (ii) increases in travel, information technology and facilities cost from increased headcount, and (iii) the   three and nine months ended   2015 periods including a favorable resolution of disputed pass through costs, VAT and other tax liabilities and employee related cost of   $4.9 million   and   $6.6 million  , respectively.  
  During the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a favorable impact of   $3.8 million   and   $10.4 million  , respectively, on direct costs as compared to the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  
    
  As we continue to expand our business and initiate new studies, the increase in headcount-related expenses may outpace our revenue growth. Due to increased competition for a limited supply of qualified clinical research personnel, we may have to hire more contractors, who typically carry a higher cost than employees and therefore could adversely impact our profit margins. If we continue to see an increasingly tight labor market for clinical research personnel, it might also further increase the compensation we have to pay to remain competitive in the market, which would further impact our margins.  
    
  Reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the timing of program initiation or closeout and the mix of program complexity and do not necessarily change in correlation to net service revenue.  As noted above, reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses increased by   14.3%   or   $16.6 million  , to   $132.2 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $115.7 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . Reimbursable out-of-pocket expenses increased by   35.4%   or   $114.2 million  , to   $437.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $323.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 

30 

Table of Contents  

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , selling, general and administrative expenses were as follows (in thousands, except percentages):   

The following is a summary of the year-over-year fluctuation in components of our selling, general and administrative expenses during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared to the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   (in thousands): 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by   $1.3 million  , or   3.3%  , to   $41.7 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $40.4 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by   $14.5 million  , or   12.8%  , to   $127.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $113.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . These increases were driven primarily by an increase in salaries, benefits, and incentive compensation, primarily as a result of the additions in personnel to support the growth of our business. In addition, our selling, general and administrative expenses increased on a year-over-year basis due to the 2015 period including the settlement of certain employee-related liabilities totaling approximately   $1.1 million  .  Partially offsetting the net increase in selling, general and administrative expenses is a reduction from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates of   $0.8 million   and   $2.2 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   as compared to the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . In addition, we incurred lower incentive compensation during the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in 2015 of   $1.3 million  . 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net service revenue decreased from   17.2%   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015   to   16.1%   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  . Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net service revenue decreased from   16.8%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   to   16.7%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . These decreases were primarily attributable to (i) our ability to grow these expenses at a slower rate than our revenue, (ii) the lower incentive compensation during the third quarter of 2016 noted above, and (iii) the positive impact of fluctuations in foreign currency noted above.  
  
   31 

Table of Contents  

Restructuring, CEO Transition and Other Costs  
  Restructuring, CEO transition and other costs were   $2.9 million   and   $10.3 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , as discussed below.  
  On July 27, 2016, we entered into a transition agreement with our former Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") related to the transition to a new CEO as of October 1, 2016. The CEO transition agreement is effective September 30, 2016 through February 28, 2017. For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we have recognized   $2.8 million   of costs related to the CEO transition. 
  On March 31, 2016, management approved a global plan to eliminate certain positions worldwide in an effort to ensure that our organizational focus and resources were properly aligned with our strategic goals and to continue strengthening the delivery of our growing backlog to customers. Accordingly, we made changes to our therapeutic unit structure designed to realign with management focus and optimize the efficiency of our resourcing to achieve our strategic plan. Under this plan  ,   we eliminated approximately   195   positions and incurred   $7.1 million   related to employee severance costs during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . We expect to complete the remaining actions and make substantially all payments to affected employees during 2016. During the third quarter, we also announced the closure of one of our facilities associated with this restructuring. Our plan is to exit this facility and record a restructuring charge during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we also incurred charges of   $0.1 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively, related primarily to legal and consulting cost incurred for the continued consolidation of legal entities and restructuring of our contract management process in preparation for adopting further accounting pronouncements. For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , these costs were partially offset by a net reduction in facility closure expenses of   $0.2 million   due to the reversal of previously accrued liabilities during the second quarter of 2016 as a result of completing negotiations with respect to exiting certain facilities.  
  During the fourth quarter of 2016, we expect to incur additional costs between   $3.1 million   and   $4.1 million   related to our restructuring activities and the CEO transition.  
  Restructuring and other costs were $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, consisting of employee severance costs of $1.8 million, partially offset by a net reduction in facility closure costs of $0.2 million. Following the completion of negotiations related to exiting certain facilities during the first quarter of 2015, we reduced our exit cost estimates related to the corresponding lease agreements by approximately $0.7 million, which was partially offset by expenses of $0.5 million primarily related to early lease termination fees. 
  Transaction Expenses  
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we incurred transaction expenses of   $1.1 million   and   $2.9 million  , respectively, consisting of third-party fees associated with (i) our secondary offerings in May and August 2016, (ii) our stock repurchase and debt amendment in August 2016, and (iii) other corporate projects.  
  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred transaction expenses of $0.4 million primarily consisting of third party fees associated with our August 2015 registered secondary common stock offering. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred transaction expenses of $0.9 million, primarily consisting of third party fees associated with our May 2015 stock repurchase and registered secondary common stock offerings in May and August 2015.  

32 

Table of Contents  

Asset Impairment Charges 
    
  During the first quarter of 2015, we observed deteriorating performance due to reduced revenue resulting from cancellations and lower than expected new business awards in our Phase I Services reporting unit. This resulted in a triggering event requiring an evaluation of both long-lived assets and goodwill for potential impairment. At the date of this evaluation, there were no intangible assets associated with Phase I Services. As a result of these evaluations, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , we recorded a total asset impairment charge of $3.9 million, consisting of a long-lived assets impairment charge of $1.0 million and a goodwill impairment charge of $2.9 million. We also reviewed the estimated useful lives assigned to long-lived assets associated with the Phase I Services reporting unit and determined that no adjustment was deemed necessary at that time. There were   no   asset impairment charges for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015   or the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
  Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
  Total depreciation and amortization expense increased to   $14.8 million   and   $43.6 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $13.8 million   and   $42.0 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense resulting from a higher fixed asset balance in 2016 compared to the prior year. 
  Other Expense, Net 
  For the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , other income and expense were as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 

Total other expense, net increased to   $6.0 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $4.0 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . Primarily driving this increase was (i) an increase in loss of extinguishment of debt of   $0.4 million   associated with the amendment to the debt agreement in August 2016 and (ii) an increase in other income (expense), net of   $1.4 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  , related to increased foreign currency losses compared to the prior year. In particular, the June 23, 2016 referendum by British voters to exit the European Union ( Brexit ) impacted global markets, including currencies, and resulted in a sharp decline in the value of the British pound as compared to the U.S. dollar and other currencies. Volatility in exchange rates is expected to continue in the short term as the United Kingdom (U.K.) negotiates its exit from the European Union and could continue to drive significant fluctuations in foreign currency gains or losses in future periods. Additionally, fluctuations in the British Pound compared  
  
   33 

Table of Contents  

to the U.S. dollar during future reporting periods will cause local currency results of our U.K. operations to be translated into more or less U.S. dollars impacting operating profit. In the longer term, any impact from Brexit on our U.K. operations will depend on the outcomes of tariff, trade, regulatory, and other negotiations, among many other factors. 
  Total other expense, net increased to   $20.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $18.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Primarily driving this increase was an increase in other income (expense), net which changed from income of   $4.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   to expense of   $10.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , primarily as a result of foreign currency losses compared to gains in the prior year as discussed above. This increase was partially offset by (i) a decrease in loss of extinguishment of debt of   $9.4 million   associated with the 2015 debt refinancing in the second quarter of 2015 compared to lower costs incurred by the company related to the August 2016 debt amendment and (ii) a decrease in interest expense of   $3.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   due to decreased interest rates in 2016 as a result of our debt repayment and refinancing activities during the second quarter of 2015 and August 2016.   
  Income Tax Expense 
  Income tax expense was   $6.1 million   and   $16.0 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively. Variances from the statutory rate of 35% for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were primarily due to (i) the geographic split of pre-tax income, (ii) tax credits, and (iii) discrete tax adjustments related to foreign exchange losses due to historical branch transactions of   $1.5 million   and excess tax benefits on share-based payments of   $4.6 million   and   $12.6 million  , respectively, for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .   
  Income tax expense was   $2.5 million   and   $8.1 million   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively. Variances from the statutory rate of 35% for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015   were primarily due to (i) income or losses generated in jurisdictions where the income tax expense or benefit was offset by a corresponding change in the valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets, (ii) the geographic split of pre-tax income, and (iii) discrete tax adjustments related to the release of valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits. 
  Net Income 
  Net income decreased to   $27.3 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , from   $37.8 million   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . Net income decreased to   $75.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , from   $86.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . These decreases were primarily due to (i) the increase in restructuring and CEO transition costs in 2016 compared to the prior year, (ii) the impact of foreign currency losses in 2016 compared to the prior year, (iii) increased income tax expense in 2016 as a result of no longer having a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and (iv) the increase in transaction expenses compared to 2015. Partially offsetting these decreases were increased revenues in 2016, lower debt extinguishment costs and reduced interest expense. 
  
   34 

Table of Contents  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Key measures of our liquidity are as follows (in thousands): 

(1) As of   September 30, 2016  , the amount of cash and cash equivalents held outside the United States ("U.S.") by our foreign subsidiaries was   $71.6 million  . Cash and cash equivalent balances outside the U.S. may be subject to foreign withholding and U.S. taxation, if repatriated. We intend to reinvest cash outside the U.S. except in instances where repatriating such earnings would result in no additional income tax. 
  We have historically funded our operations and growth, including acquisitions, primarily with our working capital, cash flow from operations and funds available for borrowing under our   $200.0 million   revolving credit facility.  Our principal liquidity requirements are to fund our debt service obligations, capital expenditures, expansion of services, possible acquisitions, integration and restructuring costs, geographic expansion, working capital and other general corporate expenses.  Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations and funds available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital needs, capital expenditures, scheduled debt and interest payments, income tax obligations and other currently anticipated liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had total principal amount of indebtedness of   $500.0 million  .  Further, we had undrawn commitments available for additional borrowings for working capital and other purposes under our senior secured facilities of   $174.2 million   (net of   $25.0 million   in revolver borrowings and   $0.8 million   in outstanding letters of credit) as of   September 30, 2016  . On May 11, 2016, we entered into   two   interest rate swaps with a combined notional value of   $300.0 million   in an effort to limit our exposure to variable interest rates on our term loan. These interest rate swaps convert approximately   60%   of the outstanding term loan balance at   September 30, 2016   from floating-rate debt to fixed-rate debt. The issuance of additional debt and the related incremental interest expense could adversely affect our operations and financial condition or limit our ability to secure additional capital and other resources. 
  In July 2016, we announced a   $150.0 million   stock repurchase program which commenced on August 1, 2016 and will end no later than December 31, 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to   $85.5 million   of shares of our common stock under this program. 
  Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures and necessary working capital will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.  However, our ability to meet our cash needs through cash flows from operations will depend on the demand for our services, as well as general economic, financial, competitive and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.  Our business might not generate cash flow in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay the principal of, or interest on, our indebtedness, or to fund our other liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments and other general corporate requirements.  If we cannot fund our liquidity needs, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, acquisitions or investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt, reducing the scope of our operations and growth plans, or seeking additional equity capital.  There can be no assurances that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be affected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that they would permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.  Our Credit Agreement limits the use of proceeds from any disposition of assets and, as a result, we may not be allowed, under the agreement, to use the proceeds from any such dispositions to satisfy all current debt service obligations. 
  
   35 

Table of Contents  

Cash Flow   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities were as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , our operating activities provided   $95.1 million   in cash, consisting of net income of   $75.1 million  , adjusted for net non-cash items of   $69.9 million   primarily related to depreciation and amortization, foreign currency adjustments, and share-based compensation, offset by deferred income tax benefits. These net increases were offset by   $49.9 million   of cash used by changes in operating assets and liabilities, consisting primarily of an increase in billed and unbilled accounts receivable partially offset by increases in deferred revenue and other liabilities. 
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our operating activities provided $141.1 million in cash flow, consisting of net income of $86.4 million, adjusted for net non-cash items of $58.2 million primarily related to depreciation and amortization, loss on extinguishment of debt, stock repurchase costs, amortization of capitalized loan fees, stock-based compensation, asset impairment charges and foreign currency adjustments. In addition, $3.5 million of cash was used by changes in operating assets and liabilities, consisting primarily of an increase in billed and unbilled accounts receivable and other assets and liabilities, partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue. 
  The changes in operating assets and liabilities result primarily from the net change in accounts receivable, unbilled revenue and deferred revenue, coupled with changes in accrued liabilities. Fluctuations in billed and unbilled receivables and deferred revenue occur on a regular basis as we perform services, achieve milestones or other billing criteria, send invoices to customers and collect outstanding accounts receivable. This activity varies by individual customer and contract. We attempt to negotiate payment terms that provide for payment of services prior to or soon after the provision of services, but the levels of unbilled services and deferred revenue can vary significantly from period to period. 
  Cash flows from operations decreased by   $46.0 million   during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , due to a reduction of   $46.5 million   in the cash inflow from working capital and a year-over-year decrease in net income of   $11.3 million  , partially offset by an increase in net non-cash items of   $11.7 million  . The reduction in cash inflow from working capital was primarily due to the increase in our days sales outstanding, as it moves closer to industry levels over time. 
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we used   $16.8 million   in cash for investing activities for the purchase of property and equipment.  For the full year   2016  , we expect our total capital expenditures to be between   $26.0 million   and   $30.0 million  . 
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , we used   $11.6 million   in cash for investing activities for the purchase of property and equipment.  
  
   36 

Table of Contents  

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , financing activities used   $56.8 million   in cash, driven by payments of   $64.5 million   related to the August 2016 stock repurchase,   $5.0 million   related net borrowing activity under the revolving line of credit,   $0.9 million   in debt refinancing costs, and payments of   $0.8 million   related to tax withholdings for share-based compensation. This cash outflow was partially offset by proceeds of   $14.4 million   from the exercise of stock options.   
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, financing activities used $109.4 million in cash, primarily driven by payments of $150.9 million related to the stock repurchase in May 2015, $3.2 million in payments related to tax withholdings for stock-based compensation and payments of $1.0 million related to the 2014 MEK Consulting acquisition. These cash outflows were partially offset by net inflows of $45.0 million, consisting primarily of the proceeds from the 2015 debt refinancing, offset by the June 2015 prepayment of $50.0 million of debt principal under the Credit Agreement and proceeds of $1.1 million from the exercise of stock options. 
   
  Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
  On July 27, 2016, we entered into a transition agreement with our former CEO related to the transition to our new CEO on October 1, 2016.  As a result of the CEO transition, we incurred additional costs that will be paid through August 2018. 
  On August 31, 2016, we entered into the First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, which primarily increased the available borrowing capacity under the revolving line of credit and reduced the applicable pricing for our term loan and revolving line of credit. See   Note 3 - Long-Term Debt   to our condensed consolidated financial statements for information about the terms of this agreement. 
  The following table summarizes our expected material contractual obligations under these agreements as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

On July 26, 2016, our board of directors approved a   $150.0 million   repurchase program for shares of our common stock. The program commenced on August 1, 2016 and will end no later than December 31, 2017. Under the stock repurchase program we are not obligated to repurchase any particular amount of common stock, and it could be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. The timing and amount of repurchases will be determined by our management based on a variety of factors such as the market price of our common stock, our liquidity requirements, and overall market conditions. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to   $85.5 million   under the stock repurchase program. 
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements except for operating leases entered into in the normal course of business. Other than the items included above, there have been no material changes, outside of the ordinary course of business, to our contractual obligations as previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   37 

Table of Contents  

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
  For a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and the estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements, see   Note 1 - Basis of Presentation and Changes in Significant Accounting Policies   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
   
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
  There have been no material changes to our quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk as compared to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
  In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.  
  Changes in Internal Controls 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
  
   38 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
  We are party to legal proceedings incidental to our business.  While our management currently believes the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material effect on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties.  
   
  Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
  See  Risk Factors  in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , and "Item 1A. - Risk Factors" in our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, for a detailed discussion of risk factors affecting the Company.  There have been no significant changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in those filings. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
  Not applicable. 
  Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
  Not applicable. 
  Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
  On July 26, 2016, the Company s board of directors approved a   $150.0 million   repurchase program for shares of the Company s common stock in open market transactions effected through a broker-dealer at prevailing market prices, in block trades, or in privately negotiated transactions. The Company may also repurchase shares of its common stock pursuant to a trading plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which would permit shares of the Company s common stock to be repurchased when the Company might otherwise be precluded from doing so by law. The program commenced on August 1, 2016 and will end no later than December 31, 2017. The stock repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any particular amount of common stock, and it could be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. The timing and amount of repurchases will be determined by the Company s management based on a variety of factors such as the market price of the Company s common stock, the Company s liquidity requirements, and overall market conditions. The stock repurchase program will be subject to applicable legal requirements, including federal and state securities laws. 
  On August 22, 2016, the Company's former private equity sponsors, Avista Capital Partners, L.P. ("Avista") and Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board ("OTPP"), completed a secondary offering for 4,500,000 shares. In conjunction with the secondary offering, the Company repurchased   1,500,000   shares of its Class A common stock under the stock repurchase program from Avista and OTPP in a private transaction at a price of   $43.00   per share, resulting in a total purchase price of approximately   $64.5 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has remaining authorization to repurchase up to   $85.5 million   of shares of the Company's common stock under the stock repurchase program. 

39 

The following table summarizes the equity repurchase program activity for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased pursuant to the Repurchase Program: 

Item 5.  Other Information. 
  Not applicable.  
  
   40 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits  

41 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Raleigh, State of North Carolina, on   October 31, 2016  . 

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS INC. 

Date:  October 31, 2016 
      
    /s/ Gregory S. Rush 

Gregory S. Rush 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

42 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

43 

<EX-10.8>
 2
 rsuawardagreement-uspartic.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8 FORM OF RETENTION AGREEMENT RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

Exhibit 

INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC.  2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
  Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
  This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this    Agreement   ) is made by and between INC Research Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), and Name of Employee (the    Participant   ), effective as of  INSERT EFFECTIVE  DATE  OF GRANT (the    Date of Grant   ).  
  RECITALS 
  WHEREAS  , the Company has adopted the INC Research Holdings, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (as the same may be amended and/or amended and restated from time  to time, the    Plan   ), which Plan is incorporated herein by  reference  and  made a  part of  this Agreement,  and  capitalized  terms  not otherwise defined in this  Agreement  will  have  the  meanings ascribed to those terms in the Plan; and 
  WHEREAS  , the Committee has authorized and approved the grant of  an  Award to the Participant of Restricted Stock Units payable in shares  of  Common Stock (the    Shares   ),  subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement.   
  NOW THEREFORE  , in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows: 
           1. 
    Grant of Restricted Stock Units  .   The  Company  has  granted  to the Participant,  effective as of the Date of Grant, XXXX Restricted Stock Units, on the terms and conditions  set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Plan (the    RSUs   ).   
              2. 
    Vesting of RSUs  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan  and  this Agreement, the RSUs will vest as follows: 
              (a) 
    General  .  Except as otherwise provided in Sections 2(b) and 4, the RSUs will vest in equal annual installments of ____% of the Shares over a ____-year  period on each anniversary of the Date of  Grant,  subject  to  the Participant s  continued Service through each applicable vesting date. 
              (b) 
    Involuntary Termination in connection with Change in Control  .   
       
  (i)    The RSUs will become fully vested immediately upon the Participant s termination of Service in the event that (A) the Participant s Service is terminated by the Company for any reason other than Cause, death or Disability or (B) the Participant resigns for Good Reason, in each case, at the time of,  or  during the period commencing the date three (3) months prior to a Change in Control  and ending twenty-four (24) months following such Change in Control, the consummation of a Change in Control occurring after the Date of Grant. 

(ii)    As used in this Agreement,    Cause  ,     Change in Control  ,  and    Good Reason    shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the INC Research Holdings, Inc. Executive Severance Plan (the  Severance Plan ). 
  (iii)    This Section 2(b)  shall  be interpreted consistently with the provisions of the Severance Plan to give effect to the benefits intended to be provided under the Severance Plan.  Further, the vesting acceleration benefits provided under this Section 2(b) shall be subject to the conditions set forth in the Severance Plan. 
  (iv)    Any vesting acceleration provisions contemplated under this Section 2(b) shall be subject to the limitations provided in Section 5.5 of the Plan. 
           3. 
    Settlement of RSUs Upon Vesting. 
     Settlement in Stock  .  RSUs vested as described in Section 2 above will be settled by delivering to Participant a number of Shares  equal to  the  number of vested RSUs on the date on which the RSUs vest; provided that RSUs that vest pursuant to Section 2(b) shall be settled as provided in the Severance Plan.  
           (a) 
    Book- Entry Registration of the Shares  Delivery of Shares  .  As soon as  practical  after the RSUs vest pursuant to Section 2, the Company will  issue  the  Shares payable  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  by  registering such Shares  with  the  Company s transfer agent (or  another  custodian  selected  by the Company) in  book- entry form in the Participant s name; provided that RSUs that  vest  pursuant to Section 2(b) shall be settled within the period and subject to the  conditions provided in  the Severance Plan.  In  any  case,  the  Company may  provide a reasonable delay in the issuance or delivery of the Shares to address Tax -Related Items, withholding, and other administrative matters.  Neither  the  Company nor the Committee will be liable to the Participant or any other Person for damages relating to any delays  in issuing  the Shares  or  any mistakes  or errors  in the issuance of the Shares. 
              (b) 
    Shareholder Rights  . The Participant will not have any rights of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to the RSUs, including voting and dividend rights, unless and until the Shares are delivered as described in Section 3(b) above. 
              (c) 
    Withholding  Requirements  .   In  connection  with  the  delivery  of  Shares as  described in Section 3(b) above, the Participant agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company to meet the minimum statutory amount necessary to satisfy any applicable federal, state and  local  taxes,  domestic  or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld by one or a  combination of the following: (1) cash payment  by  the  Participant to the Company  prior  to the day of vesting of an amount that the Company will apply  to  the  required  withholding; (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the RSUs either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Participant s behalf); (3) withholding from the Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to the  
     
   2 

Participant by the Company; or (4) to the extent allowed by the Company in its discretion,  withholding  of Shares that would otherwise be delivered as described in Section 3(b) above.  For the purposes  of  alternative (4) above, any  Shares withheld shall be credited for purposes of the withholding requirements at the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date that the tax withholding is  determined. In the  absence  of  an arrangement  by  the Participant  that is acceptable  to  the Company for payment of withholding obligations, the Company at its discretion shall establish the method of withholding from alternatives (2) through (4) above and  if  no election  is  made by  the Participant,  the  Company   may  elect  a mandatory sale arranged by the Company pursuant to Section 3(d)(2) above as the default method of withholding. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 3(d), if the Participant is an officer of the Company  who  is subject  to Section 16  of  the Exchange Act as designated by the Board, then the Committee (as constituted  in accordance with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act) shall establish the method of withholding from alternatives (2) through (4) above.   
           4. 
    Forfeiture  .   Notwithstanding  the  Change  in  Control vesting as stated in Section 2(b) above, any unvested RSUs will be forfeited immediately, automatically and without consideration  upon a termination of the Participant s Service for any reason.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,  the  RSUs and the Shares (and any resulting proceeds) will continue to be subject to Section 13 of the Plan. 
              5. 
    Adjustment to RSUs  .  In the event of any change with respect to the outstanding shares of Common Stock contemplated by Section 4.5 of the Plan, the RSUs may be adjusted in accordance with Section 4.5 of the Plan. 
              6. 
    Electronic Delivery and Acceptance  .  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means.  The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an  on-line or  electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
              7. 
    Miscellaneous Provisions 
              (a) 
    Securities Laws Requirements  .  No Shares will be issued  or  transferred pursuant to this Agreement unless and until all then applicable requirements imposed by federal and state securities and other laws, rules and regulations and  by  any regulatory agencies having jurisdiction, and by any exchanges upon  which  the Shares may be listed, have  been  fully met.  As  a  condition  precedent  to the issuance of Shares pursuant to this Agreement, the Company may require the Participant to take any reasonable action to  meet  those requirements.  The  Committee may impose such conditions on any Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement as it may deem advisable, including, without limitation,  restrictions under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, under the requirements of any exchange upon which shares of the same class are then listed and under any blue sky or other securities laws applicable to those Shares.   
     
   3 

(b) 
    Non- Transferability  .  The  RSUs  and the rights and privileges  conferred thereby shall be non-transferrable except as provided by  Section 15.3 of the Plan.  Any  shares of Common Stock delivered hereunder will be subject to such stop transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the Plan or the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission,  any  stock  exchange upon  which  such  shares  are listed,  any  applicable federal  or  state  laws  and  any  agreement  with,  or policy of, the Company or the Committee to which the Participant is a party or subject, and the Committee may cause orders or designations to be placed upon  any certificate(s) or other document(s) delivered to the Participant, or on the books and  records of the Company s transfer agent, to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 
              (c) 
    No Right to Continued Service  .  Nothing in this Agreement or the  Plan  confers upon the Participant any right to continue in Service for any period of specific duration  or  interfere  with  or  otherwise restrict  in any way the rights of the Company (or any Subsidiary employing or retaining the Participant) or of the Participant, which rights are hereby expressly reserved  by  each, to terminate  his or her Service at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause. 
              (d) 
    Notification  .  Any notification required by the terms  of  this  Agreement will be given by the Participant (i) in a writing addressed to the Company at its principal executive office and will be deemed effective upon actual receipt when delivered by personal delivery or by registered or certified mail, with  postage  and  fees  prepaid, or (ii) by electronic transmission to the Company s e-mail address of the Company s General Counsel and will  be deemed effective upon  actual  receipt.  Any notification required by the terms of this Agreement will be given by the Company (x) in a writing addressed to the  address  that  the  Participant  most recently provided to the Company and will be deemed effective upon personal delivery or within three (3) days of deposit with the United States Postal Service, by registered or certified mail, with  postage and fees prepaid, or (y)  by facsimile or electronic transmission to the Participant s primary work fax number or e-mail address (as applicable) and will be deemed effective upon confirmation of receipt by the sender of such transmission. 
              (e) 
    Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the  parties hereto  with regard to the subject matter  of this Agreement.  This Agreement and the Plan supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether  oral  or  written  and  whether express or implied) that relate to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
              (f) 
    Waiver  .  No waiver of any breach or condition of this  Agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach or condition whether of like or different nature. 
              (g) 
    Successors and Assigns  .  The  provisions  of  this  Agreement  will  inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns and upon the Participant, the Participant s executor, personal representative(s),  
     
   4 

distributees,  administrator,  permitted transferees, permitted assignees, beneficiaries, and legatee(s), as  applicable,  whether or not any such person will have become a party to  this Agreement and have agreed in writing to be joined herein and be bound by the terms hereof. 
           (h) 
    Severability  .  The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any  one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, then the remaining  provisions will nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
              (i) 
    Amendment  .  Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, this  Agreement  will not be amended unless the amendment is agreed to in writing by both the Participant and the Company. 
              (j) 
    Choice of Law; Jurisdiction  .  This Agreement and all claims, causes of action or proceedings (whether in contract, in tort, at law or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out  of  or relate to this Agreement  will  be  governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware, excluding any conflicts or choice-of-law rule or principle that  might  otherwise  refer  construction or interpretation  of  this Agreement  to the  substantive  law of  another jurisdiction.  The Participant and each party to this Agreement agrees that it will  bring all claims, causes of action and proceedings (whether in contract, in tort, at law or otherwise)  that  may  be based upon, arise out of  or be related to the Plan and  this Agreement exclusively in the Delaware Court of Chancery  or, in  the event (but  only in  the event) that such court does not have subject matter  jurisdiction over  such claim,  cause of action  or  proceeding,  exclusively in  the United  States  District Court for the District of Delaware (the    Chosen Court   ), and hereby (i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Chosen Court, (ii) waives any objection to laying venue in any such proceeding in the Chosen Court, (iii) waives any objection that the Chosen Court is an inconvenient forum or does not have jurisdiction over any party and (iv) agrees that service of process upon such party in any such claim or cause of action will  be effective if  notice is given  in accordance  with  this  Agreement. 
              (k) 
    Signature in Counterparts  . This  Agreement  may  be  signed in  counterparts, manually or electronically, each of which will be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures to each  were upon the same instrument. 
              (l) 
    IRC Section 409A  .  Anything in this  Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, no RSUs that are settled as a result of the Participant s termination of employment under Section 2(b) hereof that are non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be settled unless the Participant experiences a  separation from service,  within the meaning of the Code ( Separation from Service ) or, in the case of  a settlement  event that is made  upon a  Change in Control, the Change in Control is a  change in control event  (within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 409A of the Code ( 409A CIC  Event ).  Any  such RSUs that are  non-qualified  deferred  compensation  
     
   5 

subject to Section 409A, shall be settled, as applicable, within 60 days of the Separation  from  Service or  409A  CIC Event, provided that if the Change  in Control is not a 409A CIC Event, the RSUs shall be settled on  the 120th  day following  the  Separation  from  Service. If  the   Participant is  a   specified  employee  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code as of the date of the Separation from Service (as determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company as in effect on  the  Date of Termination), any RSUs that are non-qualified deferred compensation that are payable upon a Separation from Service shall instead be  settled on  the first business day that  is  after  the earlier of (i) the date that is six months following the date of the Participant s Separation from Service or (ii) the date of the  Participant s death, to  the  extent such  delayed  payment is otherwise required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2) of the Code, or any successor provision thereto. 
           (m) 
    Acceptance  .  The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy  of the Plan and this Agreement.  The Participant has read and understands the terms and provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, and accepts the RSUs subject to all of the terms and conditions of  the  Plan  and  this Agreement.  In  the event  of  a conflict between any term or provision contained in this Agreement and a term or provision of  the  Plan, the applicable  term and provision of the Plan will govern and prevail. 
     [Signature page follows.] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the  Participant  have executed this Stock RSUs Award Agreement as of the date first written above.  
    
  PARTICIPANT                    INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS, INC. 

By:      /s/____________________________ 
  Name:   ______________________________ 
  Title:    Chief Executive Officer 

[Electronic Signature]                  
  ______________________________               
  Participant Signature                     
  Name:   [Participant Name] 
  Acceptance Date:   [Acceptance Date] 

[Signature Page   Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement]    

</EX-10.8>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 q32016exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Alistair Macdonald, certify that:  
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of INC Research Holdings, Inc. (the  registrant   
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
    
  Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
               /s/  Alistair Macdonald 
      Alistair Macdonald 
      Chief Executive Officer 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 q32016exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  
  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  I, Gregory S. Rush, certify that:  
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of INC Research Holdings, Inc. (the  registrant   
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
    
  Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
               /s/  Gregory S. Rush 
      Gregory S. Rush 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 q32016exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Alistair Macdonald, Chief Executive Officer of INC Research Holdings, Inc. (the  registrant ), do hereby certify, that to the best of my knowledge:  
  1.  The registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
    
  Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
               /s/ Alistair Macdonald 
      Alistair Macdonald 
      Chief Executive Officer 
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed  filed  by the registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 q32016exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  
  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Gregory S. Rush, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of INC Research Holdings, Inc. (the  registrant ), do hereby certify, that to the best of my knowledge:  
  1.  The registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ), to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
  2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company for the periods presented therein. 
    
  Date:   October 31, 2016    
    
               /s/  Gregory S. Rush 
      Gregory S. Rush 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

This certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed  filed  by the registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.  
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 incr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 incr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 incr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 incr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 incr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 incr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

