<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1365916_0001171843-16-013085_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11984924</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1147104</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>604462</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2927360</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4403040</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2576699</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>266</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013085.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109153923
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMYRIS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001365916
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34885
		FILM NUMBER:		161984032

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5885 HOLLIS ST SUITE 100
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-450-0761

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5885 HOLLIS ST SUITE 100
		CITY:			EMERYVILLE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94608

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMYRIS BIOTECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060613

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013085.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 f10q_110716p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington D.C. 20549   

   FORM 10-Q   

  (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016  

  OR  

For the Transition Period from             
to  

  Commission File Number: 001-34885  

AMYRIS, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
       
      55-0856151   
 
        (State or other jurisdiction
        of   
           incorporation or organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer   
           Identification No.)   

Amyris, Inc.  

  5885 Hollis Street, Suite 100  

  Emeryville, CA 94608  

  (510) 450-0761  

   (Address and telephone number of
principal executive offices)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No   o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuance to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No   o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. 

Large accelerated filer 
      o  
     Accelerated filer 
      x   
 
     Non-accelerated filer 
      o  
     Smaller reporting company 
      o   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes   o     No   x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

AMYRIS, INC.  

  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

  For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2016  

INDEX  

Page  
 
     PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
 
      Item 1.  
      Financial Statements (unaudited)  
      3   
 
      Item 2.  
      Management s  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      57   
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      76   
 
      Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      77   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  
 
      Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      79   
 
      Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
      79   
 
      Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      108   
 
      Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      109   
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      109   
 
      Item 5.  
      Other Information  
      109   
 
      Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      109   

Signatures  

Exhibit Index  

PART I  

    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  Amyris, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (In Thousands, Except Shares and Per Share Amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

See the accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Amyris, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  (In Thousands, Except Shares and Per Share Amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

See the accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Amyris, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  

  (In Thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See the accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Amyris, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Deficit
and Mezzanine Equity  

  (In Thousands, Except Shares)  

  (Unaudited)  

See the accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Amyris, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (In Thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

Amyris, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued)  

  (In Thousands)  

See the accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Amyris, Inc.  

  Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

1. The Company  

Amyris, Inc. (or "the Company") was
incorporated in California on July 17, 2003 and reincorporated in Delaware on June 10, 2010 for the purpose of leveraging breakthroughs
in bioscience technology to develop and provide renewable compounds for a variety of markets. The Company is currently applying
its industrial synthetic biology platform to engineer, manufacture and sell high performance, low cost products into a variety
of consumer and industrial markets, including cosmetics, flavors   fragrances (or "F F"), solvents and cleaners,
polymers, lubricants, healthcare products and fuels, and it is seeking to apply its technology to the development of pharmaceutical
products. The Company's first commercialization efforts have been focused on a renewable hydrocarbon molecule called farnesene
(Biofene ), which forms the basis for a wide range of products including emollients, flavors and fragrance oils and diesel
fuel. While the Company's platform is able to use a wide variety of feedstocks, the Company has focused on Brazilian sugarcane
because of its abundance, low cost and relative price stability. The Company has established two principal operating subsidiaries,
Amyris Brasil Ltda. (formerly Amyris Brasil S.A., or "Amyris Brasil") for production in Brazil, and Amyris Fuels, LLC
(or "Amyris Fuels"). 

The Company's renewable products business strategy
is to focus on direct commercialization of specialty products while moving established commodity products into collaboration or
joint venture arrangements with leading industry partners. To commercialize its products, the Company must be successful in using
its technology to manufacture products at commercial scale and on an economically viable basis (i.e., low per unit production costs)
and developing sufficient sales volume for those products to support its operations. The Company's prospects are subject to risks,
expenses and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in this stage of development. 

Liquidity   

The Company expects to fund its operations for
the foreseeable future with cash and investments currently on hand, cash inflows from collaborations and grants, cash contributions
from product sales, and proceeds from new debt and equity financings as well as strategic asset divestments. The Company's planned
2016 and 2017 working capital needs and its planned operating and capital expenditures are dependent on significant inflows of
cash from new and existing collaboration partners and from cash generated from renewable product sales, and will also require additional
funding from debt or equity financings as well as proceeds from strategic asset divestments. 

The Company has incurred significant operating losses since its inception and believes that it will continue
to incur losses and negative cash flow from operations into at least 2017. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had negative
working capital of $110.6 million, an accumulated deficit of $1,085.7 million, and cash, cash equivalents and short term investments
of $2.3 million. The Company will need to raise cash from additional financings or strategic asset divestments as early as the
fourth quarter of 2016 to support its liquidity needs. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. If the Company is unable to continue as a going concern, it may be unable to meet its obligations under its existing
debt facilities, which could result in an acceleration of its obligation to repay all amounts outstanding under those facilities,
and it may be forced to liquidate its assets. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company's debt, net of discount and issuance costs of $36.1 million, totaled
$175.6 million, of which $75.0 million is classified as current. In addition to upcoming debt maturities, the Company's debt service
obligations over the next twelve months are significant, including $16.2 million of anticipated cash interest payments. The Company's
debt agreements contain various covenants, including certain restrictions on the Company's business that could cause the Company
to be at risk of defaults, such as the requirement to maintain unrestricted, unencumbered cash in defined U.S. bank accounts in
an amount equal to at least 50% of the principal amount outstanding under its loan facility with Stegodon Corporation (or  Stegodon ),
as assignee of Hercules Capital, Inc. As discussed below, in connection with the execution by the Company and Ginkgo Bioworks,
Inc., an affiliate of Stegodon, of certain commercial agreements (see Note 8,  Significant Agreements  for further
details), on June 29, 2016, the Company received a waiver of compliance with such covenant through October 31, 2016 and on October
6, 2016, the Company and Stegodon entered into an amendment to the loan facility pursuant to which, among other things, Stegodon
waived such covenant until the maturity date of the facility. A failure to comply with the covenants and other provisions
of the Company s debt instruments, including any failure to make a payment when required would generally result in events
of default under such instruments, which could permit acceleration of such indebtedness. If such indebtedness is accelerated, it
would generally also constitute an event of default under the Company s other outstanding indebtedness, permitting acceleration
of such other outstanding indebtedness. Any required repayment of such indebtedness as a result of acceleration or otherwise would
consume current cash on hand such that the Company would not have those funds available for use in its business or for payment
of other outstanding indebtedness. Please refer to Note 5,  Debt , Note 6,  Commitments and Contingencies 
and Note 18,  Subsequent Events  for further details regarding the Company's debt service obligations and commitments.
The Company also has significant outstanding debt and contractual obligations related to capital and operating leases, as well
as purchase commitments. 

In addition to the need for financing described above, the Company
may take the following actions to support its liquidity needs through the remainder of 2016 and into 2017: 

Effect significant headcount reductions, particularly with respect to employees not connected to critical or contracted activities
across all functions of the Company, including employees involved in general and administrative, research and development, and
production activities.   

Shift focus to existing products and customers with significantly reduced investment in new product and commercial development
efforts.   

Reduce production activity at the Company s Brotas manufacturing facility to levels only sufficient to satisfy volumes
required for product revenues forecast from existing products and customers.   

Reduce expenditures for third party contractors, including consultants, professional advisors and other vendors.   

Reduce or delay uncommitted capital expenditures, including non-essential facility and lab equipment, and information technology
projects.   

Closely monitor the Company s working capital position with customers and suppliers, as well as suspend operations at
pilot plants and demonstration facilities.   

Implementing this plan could have a negative
impact on the Company's ability to continue its business as currently contemplated, including, without limitation, delays or failures
in its ability to: 

Achieve planned production levels;   

Develop and commercialize products within planned timelines or at planned scales; and   

Continue other core activities.   

Furthermore, any inability to scale-back operations
as necessary, and any unexpected liquidity needs, could create pressure to implement more severe measures. Such measures could
have an adverse effect on the Company's ability to meet contractual requirements, including obligations to maintain manufacturing
operations, and increase the severity of the consequences described above. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying interim condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (or  GAAP ) and with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all
of the information and notes required for complete financial statements. These interim condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (or the  SEC )
on March 30, 2016. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company uses the equity method to account
for investments in companies, if its investments provide it with the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and
financial policies of the investee. Consolidated net income or loss includes the Company s proportionate share of the net
income or loss of these companies. Judgments made by the Company regarding the level of influence over each equity method investment
include considering key factors such as the Company s ownership interest, representation on the board of directors, participation
in policy-making decisions and material intercompany transactions. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The condensed consolidated financial statements
of the Company include the accounts of Amyris, Inc., its subsidiaries and two consolidated variable interest entities (or  VIEs ),
with respect to which the Company is considered the primary beneficiary, after elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions.
Disclosure regarding the Company s participation in the VIEs is included in Note 7, "Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling
Interest." 

Variable Interest Entities   

The Company has interests in joint venture entities
that are VIEs. Determining whether to consolidate a VIE requires judgment in assessing (i) whether an entity is a VIE and
(ii) if the Company is the entity s primary beneficiary and thus required to consolidate the entity. To determine if
the Company is the primary beneficiary of a VIE, the Company evaluates whether it has (i) the power to direct the activities
that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right
to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company s evaluation includes identification
of significant activities and an assessment of its ability to direct those activities based on governance provisions and arrangements
to provide or receive product and process technology, product supply, operations services, equity funding and financing and other
applicable agreements and circumstances. The Company s assessment of whether it is the primary beneficiary of its VIEs requires
significant assumptions and judgment. 

Use of Estimates   

In preparing the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements, management must make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying interim condensed consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures are unaudited, have been prepared on the same basis as the annual consolidated financial
statements, except for the impact of adoption of certain accounting standards as described below, and in the opinion of management,
reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations
for the periods presented. In the quarter ended March 31, 2016 the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2015-01,  Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items,  ASU No. 2015-02,
 Consolidation  (Topic 810), ASU No. 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest  (Subtopic 835-30):  Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , ASU 2015-05,  Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software  (Subtopic
350-40) and ASU No. 2015-15,  Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements .
Refer to Note 5. "Debt" for the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2015-03 on the Company's condensed consolidated financial
statements. None of the other ASU s adopted had a material impact on the Company s condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

The year-end condensed consolidated balance
sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. The condensed
consolidated results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the
full year or for any other future year or interim period. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (or  FASB ) issued  ASU 2016-16,   Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  on simplifying
the accounting for income taxes related to intra-entity asset transfers. The new guidance allows an entity to recognize the
tax expense from the sale of an asset in the seller s tax jurisdiction when the transfers occurs, even though the pre-tax
effects of that transaction are eliminated in consolidation. This guidance will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only in the first quarter of 2017. The
Company is evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting standard update on the financial statements and related
disclosures. 

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  on the statement of cash
flows. The new guidance clarifies classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. This
guidance will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017 and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of adopting this new
accounting standard update on the financial statements and related disclosures. 

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (or  FASB ) issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (Financial Instruments -
Credit Losses Topic 326.) . New impairment guidance for certain financial instruments (including trade receivables) will replace
the current  incurred loss  model for estimating credit losses with a forward looking  expected loss  model.
The ASU is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early application is permitted as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
 Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . This ASU identifies
areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense
with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. This ASU will
be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is
currently assessing the potential impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently assessing the potential impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06,
 Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments . The amendments in this ASU clarify the requirements for assessing whether
contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related
to their debt hosts. An entity performing the assessment under the amendments in this ASU is required to assess the embedded call
(put) options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence. The ASU is effective for financial statements issued for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently assessing the potential impact of this ASU on its financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (or  ASU )  2016-02- Leases  with fundamental changes to how entities
account for leases.  Lessees will need to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all of their
leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease). The liability will be equal to the present value of
lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. Additional disclosures
for leases will also be required. The standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition,
and provides for certain practical expedients. The new standard may materially impact the Company s financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
 Financial Instruments-Overall , which address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of
financial instruments. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted under specific circumstances. The Company is currently
assessing the potential impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Simplifying
the Measurement of Inventory , which requires that inventory within the scope of the guidance be measured at the lower of cost
and net realizable value. The new standard is being issued as part of the simplification initiative. Prior to the issuance of the
standard, inventory was measured at the lower of cost or market (where market was defined as replacement cost, with a ceiling of
net realizable value and floor of net realizable value less a normal profit margin). The new guidance will be effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. Prospective application is required and
early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting this new accounting standard on its financial
statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued new guidance
related to the disclosure around going concern. The new standard provides guidance around management's responsibility to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosure
if substantial doubt exists. The new standard is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and for annual periods
and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact
on the Company's financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued new guidance related to revenue recognition. In March, April and May 2016,
the FASB issued additional amendments to the new revenue guidance relating to reporting revenue on a gross versus net basis, identifying
performance obligations, licensing arrangements, collectability, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition.
This new standard will replace all current GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminate all industry-specific guidance. The new revenue
recognition update guidance provides a unified model to determine how revenue is recognized. The core principle of the guidance
is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  The
FASB has issued several updates to the standard which i) clarify the application of the principal versus agent guidance (ASU 2016-08);
ii) clarify the guidance on inconsequential and perfunctory promises and licensing (ASU 2016-10) and iii)  narrow-scope improvements
and practical expedients (ASU 2016-12). On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to December 15,
2017 for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after that date and permitted early adoption of the standard, but not before
the original effective date of December 15, 2016. Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective
approach to adopt the new standard. Therefore, the new standard will be effective commencing with our quarter ending March 31,
2018. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and
has not selected the transition method. 

3. Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The inputs to the valuation techniques used
to measure fair value are classified into the following categories: 

Level 1: Quoted market prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Observable market-based inputs
or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are
not corroborated by market data. 

There were no transfers between the levels,
and as of September 30, 2016, the Company s financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value were classified
within the fair value hierarchy as follows (in thousands): 

(1)  
These liabilities are carried on the condensed consolidated balance sheet on a historical cost basis.  

The Company s assessment of the significance
of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires management to make judgments and consider factors
specific to the asset or liability. The fair values of money market funds and certificates of deposit are based on fair values
of identical assets. The fair values of the loans payable, convertible notes, credit facilities and currency interest rate swaps
are based on the present value of expected future cash flows and assumptions about current interest rates and the creditworthiness
of the Company. The method of determining the fair value of the compound embedded derivative liabilities is described subsequently
in this note. Market risk associated with the fixed and variable rate long-term loans payable, credit facilities and convertible
notes relates to the potential reduction in fair value and negative impact to future earnings, from an increase in interest rates.
Market risk associated with the compound embedded derivative liabilities relates to the potential reduction in fair value and negative
impact to future earnings from a decrease in interest rates. 

The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments,
such as cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, approximate fair value due to their relatively
short maturities and low market interest rates, if applicable. 

As of December 31, 2015, the Company s
financial assets and financial liabilities are presented below at fair value and were classified within the fair value hierarchy
as follows (in thousands): 

_______ 

(1)  
These liabilities are carried on the consolidated balance sheet on a historical cost basis (noting that the Remaining Notes subject
to the Maturity Treatment Agreement were revalued to fair value on July 29, 2015, see Note 5  Debt  for details).  

The following table provides a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for the convertible notes disclosed at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level
3) (in thousands): 

Derivative Instruments   

The following table provides a reconciliation
of the beginning and ending balances for the compound embedded derivative liabilities measured at fair value using significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3) (in thousands): 

The compound embedded derivative liabilities
represent the fair value of the equity conversion options and "make-whole" provisions, as well as the down round conversion
price adjustment or conversion rate adjustment provisions of the R D Notes, the Tranche I Notes, the Tranche II Notes, the
2014 144A Notes and the 2015 144A Notes (see Note 5, "Debt"). There is no current observable market for these types of
derivatives and, as such, the Company determined the fair value of the embedded derivatives using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation
model for the R D Notes and the binomial lattice model for the Tranche I Notes, the Tranche II Notes, the 2014 144A Notes and
the 2015 144A Notes (collectively, "the Convertible Notes"). A Monte Carlo simulation valuation model combines expected
cash outflows with market-based assumptions regarding risk-adjusted yields, stock price volatility, probability of a change of
control and the trading information of the Company's common stock into which the notes are or may be convertible. A binomial lattice
model generates two probable outcomes - one up and another down - arising at each point in time, starting from the date of valuation
until the maturity date. A lattice model was used to determine if the Convertible Notes would be converted, called or held at each
decision point. Within the lattice model, the following assumptions are made: (i) the Convertible Notes will be converted early
if the conversion value is greater than the holding value and (ii) the Convertible Notes will be called if the holding value is
greater than both (a) redemption price and (b) the conversion value at the time. If the Convertible Notes are called, then the
holder will maximize their value by finding the optimal decision between (1) redeeming at the redemption price and (2) converting
the Convertible Notes. Using this lattice method, the Company valued the embedded derivatives using the "with-and-without
method", where the fair value of the Convertible Notes including the embedded derivative is defined as the "with",
and the fair value of the Convertible Notes excluding the embedded derivatives is defined as the "without". This method
estimates the fair value of the embedded derivatives by looking at the difference in the values between the Convertible Notes with
the embedded derivatives and the fair value of the Convertible Notes without the embedded derivatives. The lattice model uses the
stock price, conversion price, maturity date, risk-free interest rate, estimated stock volatility and estimated credit spread.
The Company marks the compound embedded derivatives to market due to the conversion price not being indexed to the Company's own
stock. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, included in "Derivative Liabilities" on the condensed consolidated
balance sheet are the Company's compound embedded derivative liabilities of $3.8 million and $46.4 million, respectively. 

The market-based assumptions and estimates used
in valuing the compound embedded derivative liabilities include amounts in the following ranges/amounts: 

Changes in valuation assumptions can have a significant impact on the valuation of the embedded derivative liabilities.
For example, all other things being equal, a decrease/increase in the Company s stock price, probability of change of control,
credit spread, term to maturity/conversion or stock price volatility decreases/increases the valuation of the liabilities, whereas
a decrease/increase in risk adjusted yields or risk-free interest rates increases/decreases the valuation of the liabilities. The
conversion price of certain of the Convertible Notes also include conversion price adjustment features where, for example, issuances
of common stock by the Company at prices lower than the conversion price result in a reset of the conversion price of such notes,
which increases the value of the embedded derivative liabilities. See Note 5, "Debt" for further details of conversion
price adjustment features. 

In June 2012, the Company entered into a loan
agreement with Banco Pine S.A. (or "Banco Pine") under which Banco Pine provided the Company with a loan (or the "Banco
Pine Bridge Loan") (see Note 5, "Debt"). At the time of the Banco Pine Bridge Loan, the Company also entered into
a currency interest rate swap arrangement with Banco Pine with respect to the repayment of R$22.0 million (approximately US$6.8
million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016) of the Banco Pine Bridge Loan. The swap arrangement exchanges
the principal and interest payments under the Banco Pine Bridge Loan for alternative principal and interest payments that are subject
to adjustment based on fluctuations in the foreign exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and Brazilian real. The swap has a fixed
interest rate of 3.94%. Changes in the fair value of the swap are recognized in  Gain (loss) from change in fair value of
derivative instruments" in the condensed consolidated statements of operations are as follows (in thousands): 

Derivative instruments measured at fair value
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and their classification on the condensed consolidated balance sheets
are as follows (in thousands): 

4. Balance Sheet Components  

Inventories, net   

Inventories, net are stated at the lower of
cost or market and comprise of the following (in thousands): 

Property, Plant and Equipment, net   

Property, plant and equipment, net is comprised
of the following (in thousands): 

The Company's first, purpose-built, large-scale
Biofene production plant in southeastern Brazil commenced operations in December 2012. This plant is located at Brotas in the state
of S o Paulo, Brazil and is adjacent to an existing sugar and ethanol mill, Tonon Bioenergia S.A. (or  Tonon )
(formerly Para so Bioenergia) with which the Company has an agreement to purchase a certain number of tons of sugarcane
per year, along with specified water and vapor volumes. 

Property, plant and equipment, net includes
$2.3 million and $2.7 million of machinery and equipment under capital leases as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. Accumulated amortization of assets under capital leases totaled $0.4 million and $0.5 million as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Depreciation and amortization expense, including
amortization of assets under capital leases was $2.9 million and $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively, and $8.6 million and $9.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Other Assets (non-current)   

Other assets are comprised of the following
(in thousands): 

Accrued and Other Current Liabilities   

Accrued and other current liabilities are comprised
of the following (in thousands): 

5. Debt and Mezzanine Equity  

Debt and mezzanine equity are comprised of the
following (in thousands): 

_____________ 

(1)    See
                                         Note 8, "Significant Agreements" for details regarding the Bill   Melinda
                                         Gates Foundation Investment, classified as mezzanine equity.  

Senior Secured Loan Facility   

In March 2014, the Company entered into a Loan
and Security Agreement with Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. (or  Hercules ) to make available to Amyris a
loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to $25.0 million (or the "Senior Secured Loan Facility"), which
loan facility was fully drawn at the closing. The initial loan of $25.0 million under the Senior Secured Loan Facility accrues
interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of either the prime rate reported in the Wall Street Journal plus 6.25% or 9.50%.
The Company may repay the outstanding amounts under the Senior Secured Credit Facility before the maturity date (February 1, 2017)
if it pays an additional fee of 1% of the outstanding loans. The Company was also required to pay a 1% facility charge at the closing
of the Senior Secured Credit Facility, and is required to pay a 10% end of term charge with respect to the initial loan of $25.0
million. In connection with the execution of the Senior Secured Loan Facility, Amyris agreed to certain customary representations
and warranties and covenants, as well as certain covenants that were subsequently amended (as described below). 

In June 2014, the Company and Hercules entered
into a first amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility. Pursuant to the first amendment, the parties agreed to adjust the term
loan maturity date from May 31, 2015 to February 1, 2017 and remove (i) a requirement for the Company to pay a forbearance
fee of $10.0 million in the event certain covenants were not satisfied, (ii) a covenant that the Company maintain positive cash
flow commencing with the fiscal quarter beginning October 1, 2014, (iii) a covenant that, beginning with the fiscal quarter beginning
July 1, 2014, the Company and its subsidiaries achieve certain projected cash product revenues and projected cash product gross
profits, and (iv) an obligation for the Company to file a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC by no later than June
30, 2014 and complete an equity financing of more than $50.0 million by no later than September 30, 2014. The Company further agreed
to include a new covenant requiring the Company to maintain unrestricted, unencumbered cash in defined U.S. bank accounts in an
amount equal to at least 50% of the principal amount then outstanding under the Senior Secured Loan Facility (or the  Minimum
Cash Covenant ) and borrow an additional $5.0 million. The additional $5.0 million borrowing was completed in June 2014,
and accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) the prime rate reported in the Wall Street Journal plus 5.25%
and (ii) 8.5%. 

In March 2015, the Company and Hercules entered
into a second amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility. Pursuant to the second amendment, the parties agreed to, among other
things, establish an additional credit facility in the principal amount of up to $15.0 million, which would be available to be
drawn by the Company through the earlier of March 31, 2016 or such time as the Company raised an aggregate of at least $20.0 million
through the sale of new equity securities. Under the terms of the second amendment, the Company agreed to pay Hercules a 3.0% facility
availability fee on April 1, 2015. The Company had the ability to cancel the additional facility at any time prior to June 30,
2015 at its own option, and the additional facility would terminate upon the Company securing a new equity financing of at least
$20.0 million. If the facility was not canceled, and any outstanding borrowings were not repaid, before June 30, 2015, an additional
5.0% facility fee would become payable on June 30, 2015. The Company did not cancel the facility prior to June 30, 2015, and the
5.0% facility fee became payable as of June 30, 2015. The Company did not pay the additional facility fee and thereafter received
a waiver from Hercules with respect thereto. The additional facility was cancelled undrawn upon the completion of the Company s
private offering of common stock and warrants in July 2015. 

In November 2015, the Company and Hercules entered into a third amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility.
Pursuant to the third amendment, the Company borrowed $10,960,000 (or the  Third Amendment Borrowed Amount ) from Hercules
on November 30, 2015. As of December 1, 2015, after the funding of the Third Amendment Borrowed Amount (and including repayment
of $9.1 million of principal that had occurred prior to the third amendment), the aggregate principal amount outstanding under
the Senior Secured Loan Facility was approximately $31.7 million. The Third Amendment Borrowed Amount accrues interest at a rate
per annum equal to the greater of (i) 9.5% and (ii) the prime rate reported in the Wall Street Journal plus 6.25%, and, like the
previous loans under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, has a maturity date of February 1, 2017. Upon the earlier of the maturity
date, prepayment in full or such obligations otherwise becoming due and payable, in addition to repaying the outstanding Third
Amendment Borrowed Amount (and all other amounts owed under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, as amended), the Company is also
required to pay an end-of-term charge of $767,200. Pursuant to the third amendment, the Company also paid Hercules fees of $1.0
million, $750,000 of which was owed in connection with the expired $15.0 million facility under the second amendment and $250,000
of which was related to the Third Amendment Borrowed Amount. Under the third amendment, the parties agreed that the Company would,
commencing on December 1, 2015, be required to pay only the interest accruing on all outstanding loans under the Senior Secured
Loan Facility until February 29, 2016. Commencing on March 1, 2016, the Company would have been required to begin repaying principal
of all loans under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, in addition to the applicable interest. However, pursuant to the third amendment,
the Company could, by achieving certain cash inflow targets in 2016, extend the interest-only period to December 1, 2016. Upon
the issuance by the Company of $20.0 million of unsecured promissory notes and warrants in a private placement in February 2016
for aggregate cash proceeds of $20.0 million, the Company satisfied the conditions for extending the interest-only period to May
31, 2016. On June 1, 2016, the Company commenced the repayment of outstanding principal under the Senior Secured Loan Facility.
In June 2016, the Company was notified by Hercules that it had transferred and assigned its rights and obligations under the Senior
Secured Loan Facility to Stegodon Corporation (or  Stegodon ). On June 29, 2016, in connection with the execution by
the Company and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc., an affiliate of Stegodon, of an initial strategic partnership agreement, the Company received
a deferment from Stegodon of all scheduled principal repayments under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, as well as a waiver of
the Minimum Cash Covenant, through October 31, 2016. Refer to Note 8,  Significant Agreements  for additional details.
On October 6, 2016, in connection with the execution by the Company and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. of a definitive collaboration agreement,
the Company and Stegodon entered into a fourth amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility, pursuant to which the parties agreed
to (i) subject to the Company extending the maturity of certain of its other outstanding indebtedness, extend the maturity date
of the Senior Secured Loan Facility, (ii) make the Senior Secured Loan Facility interest-only until maturity, subject to the requirement
that the Company apply certain monies received under the collaboration agreement between the Company and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc.
to repay the amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, up to a maximum amount of $1 million per month and (iii)
waive the Minimum Cash Covenant until the maturity date of the Senior Secured Loan Facility. Refer to Note 8,  Significant
Agreements  and Note 18,  Subsequent Events  for additional details. 

As of September 30, 2016, $28.4 million was outstanding under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, net
of discount and issuance costs of $0.1 million. The Senior Secured Loan Facility is secured by liens on the Company's assets, including
on certain Company intellectual property. The Senior Secured Loan Facility includes customary events of default, including failure
to pay amounts due, breaches of covenants and warranties, material adverse effect events, certain cross defaults and judgments,
and insolvency. If an event of default occurs, Stegodon may require immediate repayment of all amounts outstanding under the Senior
Secured Loan Facility. The Company was in compliance with the covenants under the Senior Secured Loan Facility as of September
30, 2016. 

BNDES Credit Facility   

In December 2011, the Company entered
into a credit facility with the Brazilian Development Bank (or  BNDES  and such credit facility, the  BNDES
Credit Facility ) in the amount of R$22.4 million (approximately US$6.9 million based on the exchange rate as of
September 30, 2016). This BNDES Credit Facility was extended as project financing for a production site in Brazil. The
credit line was divided into an initial tranche of up to approximately R$19.1 million and an additional tranche of
approximately R$3.3 million that would become available upon delivery of additional guarantees. The credit line was cancelled
in 2013. 

The principal of the loans under the BNDES Credit
Facility is required to be repaid in 60 monthly installments, with the first installment paid in January 2013 and the last due
in December 2017. Interest was due initially on a quarterly basis with the first installment due in March 2012. From and after
January 2013, interest payments are due on a monthly basis together with principal payments. The loaned amounts carry interest
of 7% per annum. Additionally, there is a credit reserve charge of 0.1% on the unused balance from each credit installment from
the day immediately after it is made available through its date of use, when it is paid. 

The BNDES Credit Facility is collateralized
by a first priority security interest in certain of the Company's equipment and other tangible assets totaling R$24.9 million (approximately
$7.7 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). The Company is a parent guarantor for the payment of the
outstanding balance under the BNDES Credit Facility. Additionally, the Company was required to provide a bank guarantee equal to
10% of the total approved amount (R$22.4 million in total debt) available under the BNDES Credit Facility. For advances of the
second tranche (above R$19.1 million), the Company is required to provide additional bank guarantees equal to 90% of each such
advance, plus additional Company guarantees equal to at least 130% of such advance. The BNDES Credit Facility contains customary
events of default, including payment failures, failure to satisfy other obligations under this credit facility or related documents,
defaults in respect of other indebtedness, bankruptcy, insolvency and inability to pay debts when due, material judgments, and
changes in control of Amyris Brasil. If any event of default occurs, BNDES may terminate its commitments and declare immediately
due all borrowings under the facility. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had R$4.8 million
(approximately US$1.5 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016) and R$7.6 million (approximately US$1.9
million based on the exchange rate as of December 31, 2015), respectively, in outstanding advances under the BNDES Credit
Facility. 

FINEP Credit Facility   

In November 2010, the Company entered into
a credit facility with Financiadora de Estudos e Projetos (or the  FINEP Credit Facility ). The FINEP Credit Facility
was extended to partially fund expenses related to the Company s research and development project on sugarcane-based biodiesel
(or the  FINEP Project ) and provided for loans of up to an aggregate principal amount of R$6.4 million (approximately
US$2.0 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016), which is secured by a chattel mortgage on certain equipment
of Amyris Brasil as well as by bank letters of guarantee. All available credit under this facility is fully drawn. 

Interest on loans drawn under the FINEP Credit
Facility is fixed at 5% per annum. In case of default under or non-compliance with the terms of the agreement, the interest
on loans will be dependent on the long-term interest rate as published by the Central Bank of Brazil (such rate, the  TJLP ).
If the TJLP at the time of default is greater than 6%, then the interest will be 5% plus a TJLP adjustment factor, otherwise the
interest will be 11% per annum. In addition, a fine of up to 10% shall apply to the amount of any obligation in default. Interest
on late balances will be 1% per month, levied on the overdue amount. Payment of the outstanding loan balance is being made in 81
monthly installments, which commenced in July 2012 and extends through March 2019. Interest on loans drawn and other charges are
paid on a monthly basis and commenced in March 2011. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total outstanding
loan balance under this credit facility was R$2.5 million (approximately US$0.8 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30,
2016) and R$3.4 million (approximately US$0.9 million based on exchange rate as of December 31, 2015), respectively. 

Convertible Notes   

Fidelity  

In February 2012, the Company completed
the sale of senior unsecured convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of $25.0 million pursuant to a securities
purchase agreement, between the Company and certain investment funds affiliated with FMR LLC (or the "Fidelity Securities
Purchase Agreement"). The offering consisted of the sale of 3% senior unsecured convertible promissory notes with a March 1,
2017 maturity date and an initial conversion price equal to $7.0682 per share of the Company's common stock, subject to proportional
adjustment for adjustments to outstanding common stock and anti-dilution provisions in case of dividends and distributions (or
the "Fidelity Notes"). In October 2015, the Company issued $57.6 million of convertible senior notes and used approximately
$8.8 million of the proceeds therefrom to repurchase $9.7 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding Fidelity Notes. As
of September 30, 2016, the Fidelity Notes were convertible into an aggregate of up to 2,165,898 shares of the Company's common
stock. The holders of the Fidelity Notes have a right to require repayment of 101% of the principal amount of the Fidelity Notes
in an acquisition of the Company, and the Fidelity Notes provide for payment of unpaid interest on conversion following such an
acquisition if the note holders do not require such repayment. The Fidelity Securities Purchase Agreement and Fidelity Notes
include covenants regarding payment of interest, maintaining the Company's listing status, limitations on debt, maintenance of
corporate existence, and timely filing of SEC reports. The Fidelity Notes include standard events of default resulting in acceleration
of indebtedness, including failure to pay, bankruptcy and insolvency, cross-defaults and breaches of the covenants in the Fidelity
Securities Purchase Agreement and Fidelity Notes, with default interest rates and associated cure periods applicable to the covenant
regarding SEC reporting. Furthermore, the Fidelity Notes include restrictions on the amount of debt the Company is permitted to
incur. With exceptions for certain existing debt, refinancing of such debt and certain other exclusions and waivers, the Fidelity
Notes provide that the Company's total outstanding debt at any time cannot exceed the greater of $200.0 million or 50% of its consolidated
total assets and its secured debt cannot exceed the greater of $125.0 million or 30% of its consolidated total assets. In connection
with the Company s closing of a short-term bridge loan for $35.0 million in October 2013, holders of the Fidelity Notes waived
compliance with the debt limitations outlined above as to the $35.0 million bridge loan (or the  Temasek Bridge Note )
and the August 2013 Financing (defined below). In consideration for such waiver, the Company granted to holders of the Fidelity
Notes or their affiliates the right to purchase up to an aggregate of $7.6 million worth of convertible promissory notes in the
first tranche of the August 2013 Financing. 

Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement
among the Company, Maxwell (Mauritius) Pte Ltd (or  Temasek ) and Total, dated as of August 8, 2013 (or, as amended,
the  August 2013 SPA ), as amended in October 2013 to include certain entities affiliated with FMR LLC (or the  Fidelity
Entities ), the Company sold and issued certain senior convertible notes (or the  Tranche I Notes ) pursuant
to a financing (or the  August 2013 Financing ) exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(or the  Securities Act ), in an aggregate principal amount of $7.6 million to the Fidelity Entities. See "Related
Party Convertible Notes" in this Note 5, "Debt." 

2014 Rule 144A Convertible Note Offering  

In May 2014, the Company entered into a Purchase
Agreement with Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, as the initial purchaser (or the  Initial Purchaser ), relating to the
sale of $75.0 million aggregate in principal amount of its 6.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (or the "2014 144A Notes")
to the Initial Purchaser in a private placement, and for initial resale by the Initial Purchaser to certain qualified institutional
buyers (or the "2014 144A Convertible Note Offering"). In addition, the Company granted the Initial Purchaser an option
to purchase up to an additional $15.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2014 144A Notes, which option expired unexercised according
to its terms. Under the terms of the purchase agreement for the 2014 144A Notes, the Company agreed to customary indemnification
of the Initial Purchaser against certain liabilities. The Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of May 29, 2014
(or the  2014 Indenture ), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. The net proceeds
from the offering of the 2014 144A Notes were approximately $72.0 million after payment of the Initial Purchaser s discounts
and offering expenses. In addition, in connection with obtaining a waiver from Total of its preexisting contractual right
to exchange certain senior secured convertible notes previously issued by the Company for new notes issued in the 2014 144A Convertible
Note Offering, the Company used approximately $9.7 million of the net proceeds to repay previously issued notes (representing the
amount of 2014 144A Notes purchased by Total from the Initial Purchaser). Certain of the Company's affiliated entities purchased
$24.7 million in aggregate principal amount of 2014 144A Notes from the Initial Purchaser (described further below under "Related
Party Convertible Notes"). In October 2015, as discussed below, the Company issued $57.6 million of convertible senior notes
and used approximately $18.3 million of the net proceeds therefrom to repurchase $22.9 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding
2014 144A Notes. The 2014 144A Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.50% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November
15 of each year, beginning November 15, 2014. The 2014 144A Notes mature on May 15, 2019, unless earlier converted or
repurchased. The 2014 144A Notes are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at any time prior to the close of business
day on May 15, 2019, at the initial conversion rate of 267.037 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of 2014 144A
Notes (subject to adjustment in certain circumstances). This represents an effective conversion price of approximately $3.74 per
share of common stock. For any conversion on or after May 15, 2015, in the event that the last reported sale price of the
Company s common stock for 20 or more trading days (whether or not consecutive) in a period of 30 consecutive trading days
ending within five trading days immediately prior to the date the Company receives a notice of conversion exceeds the then-applicable
conversion price per share on each such trading day, the holders, in addition to the shares deliverable upon conversion, noteholders
will be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of interest that would
have been made on the 2014 144A Notes being converted from the conversion date to the earlier of the date that is three years after
the date the Company receives such notice of conversion and maturity (May 15, 2019), which will be computed using a discount
rate of 0.75%. In the event of a fundamental change, as defined in the 2014 Indenture, holders of the 2014 144A Notes may require
the Company to purchase all or a portion of the 2014 144A Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2014 144A
Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, holders of
the 2014 144A Notes who convert their 2014 144A Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change will, under certain circumstances,
be entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. Refer to the  Exchange  and  Maturity Treatment Agreement 
sections of this Note 5, "Debt", for details of the impact of the Maturity Treatment and Exchange agreements on the 2014
144A Notes. 

2015 Rule 144A Convertible Note Offering  

In October 2015, the Company entered into a
purchase agreement with certain qualified institutional buyers relating to the sale of $57.6 million aggregate principal amount
of its 9.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 (or the  2015 144A Notes ) to the purchasers in a private placement
(or the  2015 144A Offering ). The Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of October 20, 2015 (or the
 2015 Indenture ), between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. The net proceeds from
the offering of the 2015 144A Notes were approximately $54.4 million after payment of the estimated offering expenses and placement
agent fees. The Company used approximately $18.3 million of the net proceeds to repurchase $22.9 million aggregate principal amount
of outstanding 2014 144A Notes and approximately $8.8 million to repurchase $9.7 million aggregate principal amount of outstanding
Fidelity Notes, in each case held by purchasers of the 2015 144A Notes. The 2015 144A Notes bear interest at a rate of 9.50% per
year, payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning April 15, 2016. Interest on the 2015 144A
Notes is payable, at the Company s option, entirely in cash or entirely in common stock. The Company elected to make the
April 15, 2016 interest payment in shares of common stock and the October 15, 2016 interest payment in cash. The 2015 144A Notes
will mature on April 15, 2019 unless earlier converted or repurchased. 

The 2015 144A Notes are convertible into shares
of the Company's common stock at any time prior to the close of business on April 15, 2019. The 2015 144A Notes had an initial
conversion rate of 443.6557 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of 2015 144A Notes (subject to adjustment in certain
circumstances). This represented an initial effective conversion price of approximately $2.25 per share of common stock. Following
the issuance by the Company of warrants to purchase common stock in a private placement transaction in February 2016 and the issuance
by the Company of convertible notes in May and September 2016, as described below, the conversion rate of the 2015 144A Notes
was 446.6719 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of 2015 144A Notes as of September 30, 2016. Furthermore, following
the issuance by the Company of additional convertible notes in October 2016, the conversion rate of the 2015 144A Notes is 446.8707
shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of 2015 144A Notes as of the date hereof. For any conversion on or after November
27, 2015, in addition to the shares deliverable upon conversion, noteholders will be entitled to receive a payment equal to the
present value of the remaining scheduled payments of interest that would have been made on the 2015 144A Notes being converted
from the conversion date to the earlier of the date that is three years after the date the Company receives such notice of conversion
and maturity (April 15, 2019), which will be computed using a discount rate of 0.75%. The Company may make such payment (the  Early
Conversion Payment ) either in cash or in common stock, at its election, provided that it may only make such payment in
common stock if such common stock is not subject to restrictions on transfer under the Securities Act by persons other than the
Company s affiliates. If the Company elects to pay an Early Conversion Payment in common stock, then the stock will be valued
at 92.5% of the simple average of the daily volume-weighted average price per share for the 10 trading days ending on and including
the trading day immediately preceding the conversion date. Through September 30, 2016, the Company has elected to make each Early
Conversion Payment in shares of common stock. In the event of a fundamental change, as defined in the 2015 Indenture, holders
of the 2015 144A Notes may require the Company to purchase all or a portion of the 2015 144A Notes at a price equal to 100% of
the principal amount of the 2015 144A Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase
date. In addition, holders of the 2015 144A Notes who convert their 2015 144A Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental
change will, under certain circumstances, be entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. The issuance of shares of common
stock upon conversion of the 2015 144A Notes,  upon the Company s election to pay interest on
the 2015 144A Notes in shares of common stock and upon the Company s election to pay the Early Conversion Payment in shares
of common stock in an aggregate amount in excess of  38,415,626 shares of the Company s common stock was subject to
stockholder approval, which was obtained on May 17, 2016. With exceptions for certain existing debt, refinancing of such debt
and certain other exclusions and waivers, the 2015 144A Notes provide that, as long as the aggregate outstanding principal amount
of the 2015 144A Notes exceeds $25.0 million, the Company's outstanding unsecured debt at any time cannot exceed $200.0 million
and its secured debt cannot exceed the greater of $65.0 million or 30% of its consolidated total assets. 

2016 Convertible Note Offering  

In May 2016, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement (or the  May 2016 Purchase Agreement ) between the Company and a private investor relating to the
sale of up to $15.0 million aggregate principal amount of convertible notes (or the  2016 Convertible Notes ) that
are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at an initial conversion price of $1.90 per share. The conversion
price will be subject to adjustment in the event of any stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization or similar
transaction. The May 2016 Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company. The May
2016 Purchase Agreement also provides the purchaser with a right of first refusal with respect to any variable rate transaction
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to a third-party purchaser for as long as the purchaser holds any 2016 Convertible
Notes or shares of the Company s common stock underlying the 2016 Convertible Notes. 

Pursuant to the May 2016 Purchase Agreement,
the 2016 Convertible Notes were to be issued and sold in two separate closings. The initial closing occurred on May 10, 2016. At
the initial closing, the Company issued and sold a 2016 Convertible Note in a principal amount of $10.0 million to the purchaser,
resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately $9.9 million. The second closing was to occur on the first trading day
following the completion of the first three installment periods under the 2016 Convertible Notes and the satisfaction or waiver
of certain other closing conditions, including certain equity conditions, such as that no Triggering Event (as defined below) had
occurred. At the second closing, the Company was to issue and sell a 2016 Convertible Note in a principal amount of $5.0 million
to the purchaser, resulting in expected net proceeds to the Company of approximately $5.0 million. On September 2, 2016, in connection
with the Company and the purchaser waiving certain conditions to the second closing under the May 2016 Purchase Agreement, the
Company issued and sold an additional 2016 Convertible Note in the principal amount of $3.0 million to the purchaser, for proceeds
to the Company of approximately $3.0 million, and granted the purchaser the option to purchase a further 2016 Convertible Note
in the principal amount of $2.0 million (the   $2 Million Note  ), representing the remaining 2016 Convertible
Notes provided for in the May 2016 Purchase Agreement, on or before December 31, 2016. On October 13, 2016, the Company issued
and sold the $2 Million Note to the purchaser for proceeds to the Company of $2.0 million. See Note 18,  Subsequent Events 
for additional details regarding the issuance of the $2 Million Note. 

The 2016 Convertible Notes are general unsecured
obligations of the Company. Unless earlier converted or redeemed, the 2016 Convertible Notes will mature on the 18-month anniversary
of their respective issuance, subject to the rights of the holders to extend the maturity date in certain circumstances. 

The 2016 Convertible Notes will be payable in monthly installments, in either cash at 118% of such installment
amount or, at the Company s option, subject to the satisfaction of certain equity conditions, shares of common stock at a
discount to the then-current market price, subject to a price floor. In addition, in the event that the Company elects to pay all
or any portion of a monthly installment in common stock, the holders of the 2016 Convertible Notes shall have the right to require
that the Company repay in common stock an additional amount of the 2016 Convertible Notes not to exceed 50% of the cumulative sum
of the aggregate amounts by which the dollar-weighted trading volume of the Company s common stock for all trading days during
the applicable installment period exceeds $200,000. The Company elected to make the June, July, August and September 2016 installment
payments on the 2016 Convertible Notes in shares of common stock. 

The 2016 Convertible Notes contain customary
terms and covenants, including certain events of default after which the holders may require the Company to redeem all or any portion
of their 2016 Convertible Notes in cash at a price equal to the greater of (i) 118% of the amount being redeemed and (ii) the
intrinsic value of the shares of common stock issuable upon an installment payment of the amount being redeemed in shares. 

In the event of a Fundamental Transaction (as
defined in the 2016 Convertible Notes), holders of the 2016 Convertible Notes may require the Company to redeem all or any portion
of their 2016 Convertible Notes at a price equal to the greater of (i) 118% of the amount being redeemed and (ii) the
intrinsic value of the shares of common stock issuable upon an installment payment of the amount being redeemed in shares. 

The Company has the right to redeem the 2016
Convertible Notes for cash, in whole, at any time, or in part, from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 118% of the principal
amount of the 2016 Convertible Notes being redeemed. In addition, if the volume-weighted average price of the Company s common
stock is (i) less than $1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days or (ii) less than $0.50 for five consecutive trading days (each, a
 Triggering Event ) within four months of the issuance of any 2016 Convertible Notes, the Company will have the option
to redeem such 2016 Convertible Notes in whole for cash at a redemption price equal to 112% of the principal amount of such 2016
Convertible Notes. 

Related Party Convertible Notes   

Total R D Convertible Notes  

In July 2012 and December 2013, the Company
entered into a series of agreements (or the "Total Fuel Agreements") with Total Energies Nouvelles Activit s USA
(formerly known as Total Gas   Power USA, SAS, and referred to as  Total ) to establish a research and development
program (or the "Program") and form a joint venture (or the "Fuels JV") with Total to produce and commercialize
farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel and jet fuels, and established a convertible debt structure for the collaboration funding
from Total. 

The purchase agreement for the notes related
to the funding from Total (or the  Total Purchase Agreement ) provided for the sale of an aggregate of $105.0 million
in 1.5% Senior Unsecured Convertible Notes due March 2017 (the  Unsecured R D Notes ) as follows: 

As part of an initial closing under the purchase agreement (which was completed in two installments),
(i) on July 30, 2012, the Company sold an Unsecured R D Note with a principal amount of $38.3 million, including $15.0
million in new funds and $23.3 million in previously-provided diesel research and development funding by Total, and (ii) on September 14,
2012, the Company sold another Unsecured R D Note for $15.0 million in new funds from Total. These Unsecured R D Notes
had an initial conversion price of $7.0682 per share.   

At a second closing under the Total Purchase Agreement (also completed in two installments) the
Company sold additional Unsecured R D Notes for an aggregate of $30.0 million in new funds from Total ($10.0 million in June
2013 and $20.0 million in July 2013). These Unsecured R D Notes had an initial conversion price of $3.08 per share, as described
below.   

At a third closing under the Total Purchase Agreement (also completed in two installments) the
Company sold additional Unsecured R D Notes for an aggregate of $21.7 million in new funds from Total ($10.85 million in July
2014 and $10.85 million in January 2015) (or the  Third Closing Notes ). These Unsecured R D Notes had an initial
conversion price of $4.11 per share, as described below.   

In March 2013, the Company entered into
a letter agreement with Total (or the March 2013 Letter Agreement) under which Total agreed to waive its right to cease its participation
in the parties' fuels collaboration at the July 2013 decision point and committed to proceed with the July 2013 funding tranche
of $30.0 million (subject to the Company's satisfaction of the relevant closing conditions for such funding in the Total Purchase
Agreement). As consideration for this waiver and commitment, the Company agreed to: 

reduce the conversion price for the $30.0 million in principal amount of Unsecured R D Notes
to be issued in connection with the second closing of the Unsecured R D Notes (as described above) from $7.0682 per share to
a price per share equal to the greater of (i) the consolidated closing bid price of the Company's common stock on the date of the
March 2013 Letter Agreement, plus $0.01, and (ii) $3.08 per share, provided that the conversion price would not be reduced by more
than the maximum possible amount permitted under the rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market (or  NASDAQ ) such that the new
conversion price would require the Company to obtain stockholder consent; and   

grant Total a senior security interest in the Company's intellectual property, subject to certain
exclusions and subject to release by Total when the Company and Total enter into final documentation regarding the establishment
of the Fuels JV.   

In addition to the waiver by Total described
above, Total also agreed that, at the Company's request and contingent upon the Company meeting its obligations described above,
it would pay advance installments of the amounts otherwise payable at the second closing. 

In June 2013, the Company sold and issued
$10.0 million in principal amount of Unsecured R D Notes to Total pursuant to the second closing of the Unsecured R D Notes
as discussed above. In accordance with the March 2013 Letter Agreement, this Unsecured R D Note had an initial conversion price
equal to $3.08 per share of the Company's common stock. 

In July 2013, the Company sold and issued
$20.0 million in principal amount of Unsecured R D Notes to Total pursuant to the Total second closing of the Unsecured R D
Notes as discussed above. This purchase and sale completed Total's commitment to purchase $30.0 million of the Unsecured R D
Notes in the second closing by July 2013. In accordance with the March 2013 Letter Agreement, this Unsecured R D Note has an
initial conversion price equal to $3.08 per share of the Company's common stock. 

In December 2013, in connection with the Company's entry into a Shareholders Agreement dated December 2,
2013 and License Agreement dated December 2, 2013 (or, collectively, the  JV Documents ) with Total and Total Amyris
BioSolutions B.V. (or  TAB ) relating to the establishment of TAB (see Note 7, "Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling
Interest"), the Company (i) exchanged the $69.0 million of the then-outstanding Unsecured R D Notes issued pursuant to
the Total Purchase Agreement for replacement 1.5% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due March 2017 (or the  Secured R D
Notes , and together with the Unsecured R D Notes, the  R D Notes ), in principal amounts equal to the
principal amount of each cancelled note and with substantially similar terms except that such replacement notes were secured, (ii)
granted to Total a security interest in and lien on all Amyris  rights, title and interest in and to Company s shares
in the capital of TAB and (iii) agreed that any securities to be purchased and sold at the third closing under the Total Purchase
Agreement by Total would be Secured R D Notes instead of Unsecured R D Notes. As a consequence of executing the JV Documents
and forming TAB, the security interest in all of the Company's intellectual property, granted by the Company in favor of Total,
Temasek, and certain Fidelity Entities pursuant to the Restated Intellectual Property Security Agreement dated as of October 16,
2013, were automatically terminated effective as of December 2, 2013 upon Total s and the Company s joint written notice
to Temasek and the Fidelity Entities. 

In April 2014, the Company and Total entered
into a letter agreement dated as of March 29, 2014 (or the  March 2014 Total Letter Agreement ) to amend the Amended
and Restated Master Framework Agreement entered into as of December 2, 2013 (included as part of JV Documents) and the Total Purchase
Agreement. Under the March 2014 Total Letter Agreement, the Company agreed to, (i) amend the conversion price of the Secured R D
Notes to be issued in the third closing under the Total Purchase Agreement from $7.0682 per share to $4.11 per share subject to
stockholder approval at the Company's 2014 annual meeting (which was obtained in May 2014), (ii) extend the period during which
Total may exchange for other Company securities Secured R D Notes issued under the Total Fuel Agreements from June 30, 2014
to the later of December 31, 2014 and the date on which the Company shall have raised $75.0 million of equity and/or convertible
debt financing (excluding any convertible promissory notes issued pursuant to the Total Purchase Agreement), (iii) eliminate the
Company s ability to qualify, in a disclosure letter to Total, certain of the representations and warranties that the Company
must make at the closing of any third closing sale, and (iv) beginning on March 31, 2014, provide Total with monthly reporting
on the Company s cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. In consideration of these agreements, Total agreed to
waive its right not to consummate the closing of the issuance of the Third Closing Notes if it had decided not to proceed with
the collaboration and had made a "No-Go" decision with respect thereto. 

In July 2014, the Company sold and issued a Secured R D Note to Total with a principal amount of
$10.85 million with a March 1, 2017 maturity date pursuant to the Total Purchase Agreement. This purchase and sale constituted
the initial installment of the $21.7 million third closing described above. In accordance with the March 2014 Total Letter Agreement,
this Secured R D Note had an initial conversion price equal to $4.11 per share of the Company's common stock. 

In January 2015, the Company sold and issued a Secured R D Note to Total with a principal amount of $10.85
million with a March 1, 2017 maturity date pursuant to the Total Purchase Agreement. This purchase and sale constituted the
final installment of the $21.7 million third closing described above. In accordance with the March 2014 Total Letter Agreement,
this Secured R D Note had an initial conversion price equal to $4.11 per share of the Company's common stock. 

In July 2015, Total exchanged all but $5.0 million of R D Notes then held by Total, such cancelled notes
having an aggregate principal amount of $70 million, in exchange for approximately 30.4 million shares of the Company s common
stock in connection with the Exchange. Refer to the  Exchange  section of this Note 5, "Debt", for additional
details of the impact of the Exchange on the R D Notes. 

In March 2016, in connection with the restructuring
of the Fuels JV (see Note 7, "Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling Interest"), the Company sold to Total one half of the
Company s ownership stake in the Fuels JV (giving Total an aggregate ownership stake of 75% of the Fuels JV and giving the
Company an aggregate ownership stake of 25% of the Fuels JV) in exchange for Total cancelling (i) approximately $1.3 million of
R D Notes, plus all paid-in-kind and accrued interest under all outstanding R D Notes ($2.8 million, including all such
interest that was outstanding as of July 29, 2015) and (ii) a note in the principal amount of Euro 50,000, plus accrued interest,
issued to Total in connection with the original capitalization of the Fuels JV. To satisfy its purchase obligation above, Total
surrendered to the Company the remaining R D Note of approximately $5.0 million in principal amount, and the Company executed
and delivered to Total a new, Unsecured R D Note in the principal amount of $3.7 million. The disposal of the 25% ownership
stake in the Fuels JV resulted in a gain to the Company of $4.2 million, which was recognized as a capital contribution from Total
within equity. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, $3.7 million and $5.0 million, respectively, of R D Notes were outstanding, net of debt discount of $0.0 million and
$0.0 million, respectively. The R D Notes have a maturity date of March 1, 2017, an initial conversion price equal to
$3.08 per share for the Unsecured R D Notes, subject to certain adjustments as described below. The R D Notes bear interest
of 1.5% per annum (with a default rate of 2.5%), accruing from the date of issuance and payable at maturity or on conversion or
a change of control where Total exercises the right to require the Company to repay the notes, as described below. 

The R D Notes become convertible into the
Company's common stock (i) within 10 trading days prior to maturity, (ii) on a change of control of the Company, and (iii) on a
default by the Company. The conversion price of the R D Notes are subject to adjustment for proportional adjustments to outstanding
common stock and under anti-dilution provisions in case of certain dividends and distributions. Total has a right to require repayment
of 101% of the principal amount of the R D Notes in the event of a change of control of the Company and the R D Notes provide
for payment of unpaid future interest through the maturity date on conversion following such a change of control if Total does
not require such repayment. The Total Purchase Agreement and Unsecured R D Notes include covenants regarding payment of interest,
maintenance of the Company's listing status, limitations on debt, maintenance of corporate existence, and filing of SEC reports.
The R D Notes include standard events of default resulting in acceleration of indebtedness, including failure to pay, bankruptcy
and insolvency, cross-defaults, and breaches of the covenants in the Total Purchase Agreement and R D Notes, with added default
interest rates and associated cure periods applicable to the covenant regarding SEC reporting. Furthermore, with exceptions for
certain existing debt, refinancing of such debt and certain other exclusions and waivers, the R D Notes provided that the Company's
total outstanding debt at any time may not exceed the greater of $200.0 million or 50% of its consolidated total assets and its
secured debt may not exceed the greater of $125.0 million or 30% of its consolidated total assets. 

August 2013 Financing Convertible Notes and
Temasek Bridge Note  

In connection with the August 2013 Financing, the Company entered into the August 2013 Share Purchase
Agreement with Total and Temasek to sell up to $73.0 million in convertible promissory notes in private placements, with such notes
to be sold and issued over a period of up to 24 months from the date of signing. The August 2013 SPA provided for the August 2013
Financing to be divided into two tranches (the first tranche for $42.6 million and the second tranche for $30.4 million), each
with differing closing conditions. Of the total possible purchase price in the financing, $25.0 million was paid in the form of
cash by Temasek ($25.0 million in the second tranche), $35.0 million was paid by the exchange and cancellation of the Temasek Bridge
Note, as described below, and $13.0 million was paid by the exchange and cancellation of outstanding R D Notes held by Total
in connection with its exercise of pro rata rights ($7.6 million in the first tranche and $5.4 million in the second tranche).
The August 2013 SPA included requirements that the Company meet certain production milestones before the second tranche would become
available, obtain stockholder approval prior to completing any closing of the transaction, and issue a warrant to Temasek to purchase
1,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, exercisable only if Total converts R D
Notes previously issued to Total in the second closing under the Total Purchase Agreement. In September 2013, prior to the initial
closing of the August 2013 Financing, the Company's stockholders approved the issuance in the private placement of up to $110.0
million aggregate principal amount of senior convertible promissory notes, the issuance of a warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares
of the Company's common stock and the issuance of the common stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of such notes and warrant,
which approval included the transactions contemplated by the August 2013 Financing. 

In October 2013, the Company sold and issued a senior secured promissory note to Temasek (or the  Temasek
Bridge Note ) in exchange for a bridge loan of $35.0 million. The Temasek Bridge Note was due on February 2, 2014 and accrued
interest at a rate of 5.5% quarterly from the October 4, 2013 date of issuance. The Temasek Bridge Note was cancelled on October
16, 2013 as payment for Temasek s purchase of Tranche I Notes in the first tranche of the August 2013 Financing, as further
described below. 

In October 2013, the Company amended the August 2013 SPA to include the investment by the Fidelity Entities
in the first tranche of the August 2013 Financing of $7.6 million, and to proportionally increase the amount of first tranche notes
acquired by exchange and cancellation of outstanding R D Notes held by Total in connection with its exercise of pro rata rights
up to $9.2 million in the first tranche. Also in October 2013, the Company completed the closing of the first tranche of the August
2013 Financing, issuing a total of $51.8 million in Tranche I Notes for cash proceeds of $7.6 million and cancellation of outstanding
convertible promissory notes of $44.2 million, of which $35.0 million resulted from cancellation of the Temasek Bridge Note and
the remaining $9.2 million from the exchange and cancellation of an outstanding R D Note held by Total. As a result of the
exchange and cancellation of the $35.0 million Temasek Bridge Note and the $9.2 million R D Note held by Total for the Tranche
I Notes, the Company recorded a loss from extinguishment of debt of $19.9 million. The Tranche I Notes are due sixty months from
the date of issuance and were initially convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to $2.44,
which represents a 15% discount to a trailing 60-day weighted-average closing price of the common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market
(or  NASDAQ ) through August 7, 2013, subject to certain adjustments, as described below. The Tranche I Notes are convertible
at the option of the holder: (i) at any time after 18 months from the date of the August 2013 SPA, (ii) on a change of control
of the Company and (iii) upon the occurrence of an event of default. Each Tranche I Note accrues interest from the date of issuance
until the earlier of the date that such Tranche I Note is converted into the Company s common stock or is repaid in full.
Interest accrues at a rate of 5% per six months, compounded semiannually (with graduated interest rates of 6.5% applicable to the
first 180 days and 8% applicable thereafter as the sole remedy should the Company fail to maintain NASDAQ listing status or at
6.5% for all other defaults). Interest for the first 30 months is payable in kind and added to the principal every six months and
thereafter, the Company may continue to pay interest in kind by adding to the principal every six months or may elect to pay interest
in cash. Through September 30, 2016, the Company has elected to pay interest on the Tranche I Notes in kind. The Tranche I Notes
may be prepaid by the Company on the 30-month anniversary of the issuance date, and thereafter every six months at the date of
payment of the semi-annual coupon. 

In January 2014, the Company sold and issued, for face value, approximately $34.0 million of convertible
promissory notes in the second tranche of the August 2013 Financing (or the  Tranche II Notes ). At the closing, Temasek
purchased $25.0 million of the Tranche II Notes and funds affiliated with Wolverine Asset Management, LLC purchased $3.0 million
of the Tranche II Notes, each for cash. Total purchased approximately $6.0 million of the Tranche II Notes through cancellation
of the same amount of principal of previously outstanding R D Notes held by Total. As a result of the exchange and cancellation
of the $6.0 million R D Note held by Total for the Tranche II Notes, the Company recorded a loss from extinguishment of debt
of $9.4 million. The Tranche II Notes will be due sixty months from the date of issuance and were initially convertible into shares
of common stock at a conversion price equal to $2.87 per share, which represents a trailing 60-day weighted-average closing price
of the common stock on NASDAQ through August 7, 2013, subject to certain adjustments, as described below. Specifically, the Tranche
II Notes are convertible at the option of the holder (i) at any time 12 months after issuance, (ii) on a change of control of the
Company, and (iii) upon the occurrence of an event of default. Each Tranche II Note will accrue interest from the date of issuance
until the earlier of the date that such Tranche II Note is converted into common stock or repaid in full. Interest will accrue
at a rate per annum equal to 10%, compounded annually (with graduated interest rates of 13% applicable to the first 180 days and
16% applicable thereafter as the sole remedy should the Company fail to maintain NASDAQ listing status or at 12% for all other
defaults). Interest for the first 36 months shall be payable in kind and added to principal every year following the issue date
and thereafter, the Company may continue to pay interest in kind by adding to principal on every year anniversary of the issue
date or may elect to pay interest in cash. Through September 30, 2016, the Company has elected to pay interest on the Tranche II
Notes in kind. 

The conversion prices of the Tranche I Notes
and Tranche II Notes are subject to adjustment (i) according to proportional adjustments to outstanding common stock of the Company
in case of certain dividends and distributions, (ii) according to anti-dilution provisions, and (iii) with respect to notes held
by any purchaser other than Total, in the event that Total exchanges existing convertible notes for new securities of the Company
in connection with future financing transactions in excess of its pro rata amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, holders of a
majority of the principal amount of the notes outstanding at the time of conversion may waive any anti-dilution adjustments to
the conversion price. The purchasers have a right to require repayment of 101% of the principal amount of the notes in the event
of a change of control of the Company and the notes provide for payment of unpaid interest on conversion following such a change
of control if the purchasers do not require such repayment. The August 2013 SPA, Tranche I Notes and Tranche II Notes include covenants
regarding payment of interest, maintenance of the Company s listing status, limitations on debt and on certain liens, maintenance
of corporate existence, and filing of SEC reports. The Tranche Notes include standard events of default including failure to pay,
bankruptcy and insolvency, cross-defaults, and breaches of the covenants in the August 2013 SPA, Tranche I Notes and Tranche II
Notes, after which the Tranche Notes may be due and payable immediately, as well as associated with default interest rates as set
forth above. 

In July 2015, Temasek exchanged all of the Tranche I and Tranche II Notes then held by Temasek, such notes
having an aggregate principal amount of approximately $71.0 million, in exchange for approximately 30.86 million shares of the
Company s common stock in connection with the Exchange. Refer to the  Exchange  section of this Note 5, "Debt",
for additional details of the impact of the Exchange on the R D Notes. 

The conversion price of the Tranche I Notes
and Tranche II Notes was reduced to $1.42 per share upon the completion of a private placement of common stock and warrants to
purchase common stock in July 2015, as described below. Following the issuance by the Company of warrants to purchase common
stock in a private placement transaction in February 2016, as described below, the conversion price of the Tranche I Notes and
Tranche II Notes was further adjusted to $1.40 per share, and following the sale by the Company of shares of common stock to the
Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation in May 2016, as described below, the conversion price of the Tranche I Notes and Tranche
II Notes was further adjusted to $1.14 per share. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the related party convertible notes outstanding under the Tranche I Notes and Tranche II Notes were $21.7 million and $23.3
million, respectively, net of debt discount of $0.0 million and $0.0 million, respectively. Refer to the  Exchange 
and  Maturity Treatment Agreement  sections of this Note 5, "Debt", for details of the impact of the Maturity
Treatment and Exchange agreements on the Tranche I and II Notes. 

2014 144A Notes Sold to Related Parties  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the related party convertible notes outstanding under
the 2014 Rule 144A Convertible Note Offering were $15.3 million and $14.6 million, respectively, net of discount and issuance costs
of $2.4 million and $1.6 million, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total related party convertible notes outstanding
were $40.6 million and $42.8 million, respectively, net of discount and issuance costs of $2.6 million and $1.9 million, respectively. 

Loans Payable   

In July 2012, the Company entered into a Note
of Bank Credit and a Fiduciary Conveyance of Movable Goods Agreement (together, the "July 2012 Bank Agreements") with
each of Nossa Caixa Desenvolvimento (or  Nossa Caixa ) and Banco Pine S.A. (or  Banco Pine ). Under the
July 2012 Bank Agreements, the Company pledged certain farnesene production assets as collateral for the loans of R$52.0 million.
The Company's total acquisition cost for such pledged assets was approximately R$68.0 million (approximately US$20.9 million based
on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). The Company is also a parent guarantor for the payment of the outstanding
balance under these loan agreements. Under the July 2012 Bank Agreements, the Company could borrow an aggregate of R$52.0 million
(approximately US$16.0 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016) as financing for capital expenditures
relating to the Company's manufacturing facility located in Brotas, Brazil. Specifically, Banco Pine, agreed to lend R$22.0
million and Nossa Caixa agreed to lend R$30.0 million. The funds for the loans are provided by BNDES, but are guaranteed by
the lenders. The loans have a final maturity date of July 15, 2022 and bear a fixed interest rate of 5.5% per year. The
loans are also subject to early maturity and delinquency charges upon occurrence of certain events including interruption of manufacturing
activities at the Company's manufacturing facility in Brotas, Brazil for more than 30 days, except during the sugarcane off-season.
For the first two years that the loans are outstanding, the Company is required to pay interest only on a quarterly basis. Since
August 15, 2014, the Company has been required to pay equal monthly installments of both principal and interest for the remainder
of the term of the loans. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, a principal amount of R$37.9 million (approximately
US$11.7 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016) and R$43.0 million (approximately US$11.0 million based on
the exchange rate as of December 30, 2015), respectively, was outstanding under these loan agreements. 

In March 2014, the Company entered into
an export financing agreement with Banco ABC Brasil S.A. (or  ABC ) for approximately $2.2 million to fund exports
through March 2015. This loan is collateralized by future exports from the Company's subsidiary in Brazil. In April, 2015, we entered
into an additional export financing agreement with ABC for approximately $1.6 million to fund exports through March 2016. This
loan is collateralized by future exports from the Company's subsidiary in Brazil. As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate principal
amount outstanding under the ABC financing agreements was zero ($1.6 million at December 31, 2015). The Company was also a parent
guarantor for the payment of the outstanding balance under these loan agreements.  

Exchange (debt conversion)   

On July 29, 2015, the Company closed the "Exchange"
pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2015 (or the  Exchange Agreement ), among the Company,
Temasek and Total. 

Under the Exchange Agreement, at the closing,
Temasek exchanged $71.0 million in principal amount of outstanding Tranche I and Tranche II Notes (including paid-in-kind and accrued
interest through July 29, 2015) and Total exchanged $70.0 million in principal amount of outstanding R D Notes for shares of
the Company s common stock. The exchange price was $2.30 per share (the  Exchange Price ) and was paid by the
exchange and cancellation of such outstanding convertible promissory notes, and Temasek and Total received 30,860,633 and 30,434,782
shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, in the Exchange. As a result of the Exchange, accretion of debt discount
was accelerated based on the Company s estimate of the expected conversion date, resulting in an additional interest expense
of $39.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Under the Exchange Agreement, Total also received at the closing the following warrants, each with a five-year
term: 

A warrant to purchase 18,924,191 shares of the Company s Common Stock (or the  Total Funding Warrant ).   

A warrant to purchase 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock that will only be exercisable
if the Company fails, as of March 1, 2017, to achieve a target cost per liter to manufacture farnesene (or the  Total R D
Warrant ). The Total Funding Warrant and the Total R D Warrant are collectively referred to as the  Total Warrants.    

Additionally, under the Exchange Agreement,
Temasek received the following warrants: 

A warrant to purchase 14,677,861 shares of the Company s common stock. (the  Temasek Exchange Warrant ).   

A warrant exercisable for that number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to (1)
(A) the number of shares for which Total exercises the Total Funding Warrant plus (B) the number of additional shares for which
the certain convertible notes remaining outstanding following the completion of the Exchange may become exercisable as a result
of a reduction in the conversion price of such remaining notes as of a result of and/or subsequent to the date of the Exchange
plus (C) that number of additional shares in excess of 2,000,000, if any, for which the Total R D Warrant becomes exercisable
multiplied by a fraction equal to 30.6% divided by 69.4% plus (2) (A) the number of any additional shares for which certain other
outstanding convertible promissory notes may become exercisable as a result of a reduction to the conversion price of such notes
multiplied by (B) a fraction equal to 13.3% divided by 86.7% (or the  Temasek Funding Warrant ).   

A warrant exercisable for that number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to 880,339
multiplied by a fraction equal to the number of shares for which Total exercises the Total R D Warrant divided by 2,000,000.
If Total is entitled to, and does, exercise the Total R D Warrant in full, this warrant would be exercisable for 880,339 shares
(or the  Temasek R D Warrant ).   

The Temasek Exchange Warrant, the Temasek Funding
Warrant and the Temasek R D Warrant each have ten-year terms and are referred to herein as the  Temasek Warrants 
and, the Temasek Warrants and Total Warrants are hereinafter collectively referred to as the  Exchange Warrants . All
of the Exchange Warrants have an exercise price of $0.01 per share. 

In addition to the grant of the Exchange Warrants,
a warrant issued by the Company to Temasek in October 2013 in conjunction with a prior convertible debt financing (the  2013
Warrant ) became exercisable in full upon the completion of the Exchange. There were 1,000,000 shares underlying the 2013
Warrant, with an exercise price of $0.01 per share. 

The exercisability of all of the Exchange Warrants
was subject to stockholder approval, which was obtained on September 17, 2015. 

In February and May 2016, as a result of the
adjustments to the Tranche I and Tranche II Notes conversion prices discussed above under  Related Party Convertible Notes ,
the Temasek Funding Warrant became exercisable for an additional 127,194 and 2,335,342 shares of common stock, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Total Funding Warrant, the Temasek Exchange Warrant, and the 2013 Warrant had
been fully exercised and Temasek had exercised the Temasek Funding Warrant with respect to 12,700,244 shares of common stock. Neither
the Total R D Warrant nor the Temasek R D Warrant were exercisable as of September 30, 2016. Warrants to purchase 2,462,536
shares of common stock under the Temasek Funding Warrant were unexercised as of September 30, 2016. 

Maturity Treatment Agreement   

At the closing of the Exchange, the Company,
Total and Temasek also entered into a Maturity Treatment Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2015, pursuant to which Total and Temasek
agreed to convert any Tranche I Notes, Tranche II Notes or 2014 144A Notes held by them that were not cancelled in the Exchange
(the  Remaining Notes ) into shares of the Company s common stock in accordance with the terms of such Remaining
Notes upon maturity, provided that certain events of default have not occurred with respect to the applicable Remaining Notes prior
to such maturity. As of immediately following the closing of the Exchange, Temasek held $10.0 million in aggregate principal amount
of Remaining Notes (consisting of 2014 144A Notes) and Total held approximately $25.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
Remaining Notes (consisting of $9.7 million of 2014 144A Notes and $15.3 million of Tranche I and II Notes). 

February 2016 Private Placement   

On February 12, 2016, the Company entered into a Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement (the  February
2016 Purchase Agreement ) with the purchasers named therein for the sale of $18.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
unsecured promissory notes (or the  February 2016 Notes ) to the purchasers, as well as warrants to purchase 2,571,428
shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, representing aggregate proceeds to the Company
of $18 million (the  Initial Sale ). On February 15, 2016, an additional purchaser joined the Purchase Agreement and
purchased $2.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the February 2016 Notes, as well as warrants to purchase 285,714 shares
of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, representing aggregate proceeds to the Company of
$2 million (or the  Subsequent Sale  and together with the Initial Sale, the  February 2016 Private Placement ).
The February 2016 Notes and the warrants were issued in a private placement pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section
4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The purchasers are existing stockholders of the
Company and affiliated with certain members of the Company s Board of Directors: Foris Ventures, LLC (an entity affiliated
with director John Doerr of Kleiner Perkins Caufield   Byers, a current stockholder), which purchased $16.0 million aggregate
principal amount of the Notes and warrants to purchase 2,285,714 shares of the Company s common stock; Naxyris S.A. (an investment
vehicle owned by Naxos Capital Partners SCA Sicar; director Carole Piwnica is Director of NAXOS UK, which is affiliated with Naxos
Capital Partners SCA Sicar), which purchased $2.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes and warrants to purchase 285,714
shares of the Company s common stock; and Biolding Investment SA, a fund affiliated with director HH Sheikh Abdullah bin
Khalifa Al Thani, which purchased $2.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes and warrants to purchase 285,714 shares
of the Company s common stock. The Initial Sale closed on February 12, 2016, and the Subsequent Sale closed on February 15,
2016. 

The February 2016 Notes are unsecured obligations
of the Company and are subordinate to the Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Loan Facility pursuant to a Subordination
Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2016, by and among the Company, the purchasers and the administrative agent under the Senior
Secured Loan Facility. Interest will accrue on the February 2016 Notes from and including, with respect to the Initial Sale, February
12, 2016, and with respect to the Subsequent Sale, February 15, 2016, at a rate of 13.50% per annum and is payable on May 15, 2017,
the maturity date of the February 2016 Notes, unless the February 2016 Notes are prepaid in accordance with their terms prior to
such date. The February 2016 Purchase Agreement and the February 2016 Notes contain customary terms, provisions, representations
and warranties, including certain events of default after which the February 2016 Notes may be due and payable immediately, as
set forth in the February 2016 Notes. 

The exercisability of the warrants issued in the February 2016 Private Placement, which each have a term of
five years, was subject to stockholder approval, which was obtained on May 17, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying amount
of the February 2016 Notes was $17.8 million. 

June 2016 Private Placement   

On June 24, 2016, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (or the  June 2016 Purchase Agreement )
with Foris Ventures, LLC for the sale of $5.0 million in aggregate principal amount of secured promissory notes (or the  June
2016 Notes ) to Foris Ventures, LLC in exchange for aggregate proceeds to the Company of $5.0 million (or the  June
2016 Private Placement ). The June 2016 Notes were issued in a private placement pursuant to the exemption from registration
under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The June 2016
Private Placement closed on June 24, 2016. 

The June 2016 Notes are collateralized by a
second priority lien on the assets securing the Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, and are subordinate
to the Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Loan Facility pursuant to a Subordination Agreement, dated as of June
24, 2016, by and among the Company, Foris Ventures, LLC and the administrative agent under the Company s Senior Secured Loan
Facility. Interest will accrue on the June 2016 Notes from and including June 24, 2016 at a rate of 13.50% per annum and is payable
in full on May 15, 2017, the maturity date of the June 2016 Notes, unless the June 2016 Notes are prepaid in accordance with their
terms prior to such date. The June 2016 Purchase Agreement and the June 2016 Notes contain customary terms, provisions, representations
and warranties, including certain events of default after which the June 2016 Notes may be due and payable immediately, as set
forth in the June 2016 Notes. 

See Note 18,  Subsequent Events 
for details regarding debt-related financing transactions completed subsequent to September 30, 2016. 

Letters of Credit   

In June 2012, the Company entered into a letter
of credit agreement for $1.0 million under which it provided a letter of credit to the landlord of its headquarters in Emeryville,
California, in order to cover the security deposit on the lease. This letter of credit is secured by a certificate of deposit.
Accordingly, the Company has $1.0 million as restricted cash under this arrangement as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. 

Future minimum payments under the debt agreements
as of September 30, 2016 are as follows (in thousands): 

______________ 

(1) Including debt discount
of $33.0 million related to the embedded derivatives associated with the related party and non-related party debt which will be
accreted to interest expense under the effective interest method over the term of the debt and debt issuance costs of $3.0 million.  

In the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company
adopted ASU 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs , which requires
debt issuance costs previously reported as a deferred charge within other noncurrent assets and prepaid expenses and other current
assets to be presented as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of debt, consistent with debt discounts, applied retrospectively
for all periods presented. As of December 31, 2015, this resulted in the reduction of noncurrent debt by $2.8 million, current
debt by $1.4 million, other noncurrent assets by $2.8 million and prepaid expenses and other current assets by $1.4 million. 

6. Commitments and Contingencies  

Lease Obligations   

The Company leases certain facilities and finances
certain equipment under operating and capital leases, respectively. Operating leases include leased facilities and capital leases
include leased equipment (see Note 4, "Balance Sheet Components"). The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line
basis over the non-cancellable lease term and records the difference between rent payments and the recognition of rent expense
as a deferred rent liability. Where leases contain escalation clauses, rent abatements, and/or concessions, such as rent holidays
and landlord or tenant incentives or allowances, the Company applies them as a straight-line rent expense over the lease term.
The Company has non-cancellable operating lease agreements for office, research and development, and manufacturing space that expire
at various dates, with the latest expiration in February 2031. Rent expense under operating leases was $1.3 million and $1.4 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was $4.0 million and $3.9 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Future minimum payments under the Company's lease obligations as
of September 30, 2016, are as follows (in thousands): 

Guarantor Arrangements   

The Company has agreements whereby it indemnifies
its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or directors are serving in their official capacities.
The indemnification period remains enforceable for the officer's or director s lifetime. The maximum potential amount of
future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, the Company
has a director and officer insurance policy that limits its exposure and enables the Company to recover a portion of any future
payments. As a result of its insurance policy coverage, the Company believes the estimated fair value of these indemnification
agreements is minimal. Accordingly, the Company had no liabilities recorded for these agreements as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

The Company entered into the FINEP Credit Facility
to finance a research and development project on sugarcane-based biodiesel (see Note 5, "Debt"). The FINEP Credit Facility
is guaranteed by a chattel mortgage on certain equipment of the Company. The Company's total acquisition cost for the equipment
under this guarantee is approximately R$6.0 million (approximately US$1.8 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30,
2016). 

The Company entered into the BNDES Credit Facility
to finance a production site in Brazil (see Note 5, "Debt").The BNDES Credit Facility is collateralized by a first priority
security interest in certain of the Company's equipment and other tangible assets with a total acquisition cost of R$24.9 million
(approximately US$7.7 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). The Company is a parent guarantor for
the payment of the outstanding balance under the BNDES Credit Facility. Additionally, the Company is required to provide certain
bank guarantees under the BNDES Credit Facility. 

The Company entered into loan agreements and
security agreements whereby the Company pledged certain farnesene production assets as collateral (the fiduciary conveyance of
movable goods) with each of Nossa Caixa and Banco Pine (see Note 5, "Debt"). The Company's total acquisition cost for
the farnesene production assets pledged as collateral under these agreements is approximately R$68.0 million (approximately US$20.9
million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). The Company is also a parent guarantor for the payment of the
outstanding balance under these loan agreements.  

The Company had an export financing agreement
with Banco ABC Brasil S.A for approximately $2.2 million for a one year term to fund exports through March 2015. As of September 30,
2016, the loan was fully repaid. On April 8, 2015, the Company entered into another export financing agreement with the same bank
for approximately $1.6 million for a one year term to fund exports through March 2016. The loan was fully repaid as of September
30, 2016. This loan is collateralized by future exports from Amyris Brasil. The Company is also a parent guarantor for the payment
of the outstanding balance under these loan agreements.  

In October 2013, the Company entered into a
letter agreement with Total relating to the Temasek Bridge Note and to the closing of the August 2013 Financing (or the "Amendment
Agreement") (see Note 5, "Debt"). In the August 2013 Financing, the Company was required to provide the purchasers
under the August 2013 SPA with a security interest in the Company s intellectual property if Total still held such security
interest as of the initial closing of the August 2013 Financing. Under the terms of a previous Intellectual Property Security Agreement
by and between the Company and Total (or the "Security Agreement"), the Company had previously granted a security interest
in favor of Total to secure the obligations of the Company under the R D Notes issued and issuable to Total under the Total
Purchase Agreement. The Security Agreement provided that such security interest would terminate if Total and the Company entered
into certain agreements relating to the formation of the Fuels JV. In connection with Total s agreement to (i) permit the
Company to grant the security interest under the Temasek Bridge Note and the August 2013 Financing and (ii) waive a secured debt
limitation contained in the outstanding R D Notes issued pursuant to the Total Purchase Agreement and held by Total, the Company
entered into the Amendment Agreement. Under the Amendment Agreement, the Company agreed to reduce, effective December 2, 2013,
the conversion price for the R D Notes issued in 2012 from $7.0682 per share to $2.20, the market price per share of the Company s
common stock as of the signing of the Amendment Agreement, as determined in accordance with applicable NASDAQ rules, unless the
Company and Total entered into the JV Documents on or prior to December 2, 2013. The Company and Total entered into the JV agreements
on December 2, 2013 and the Amendment Agreement and all security interests thereunder were automatically terminated and the conversion
price of such R D Notes remained at $7.0682 per share. 

In December 2013, in connection with the
execution of JV Documents entered into by and among Amyris, Total and TAB relating to the establishment of TAB (see Note 5, "Debt"
and Note 7, "Joint Venture and Noncontrolling Interests"), the Company agreed to exchange the $69.0 million outstanding
R D Notes issued pursuant to the Total Purchase Agreement for replacement 1.5% Senior Secured Convertible Notes due March 2017,
and grant a security interest to Total in and lien on all the Company s rights, title and interest in and to the Company s
shares in the capital of TAB. Following execution of the JV Documents, all Unsecured R D Notes that had been issued were exchanged
for Secured R D Notes. Further, the $10.85 million in principal amount of such notes issued in the initial tranche of the third
closing under the Total Purchase Agreement in July 2014 and the $10.85 million in principal amount of such notes issued in the
second tranche of the third closing were Secured R D Notes instead of Unsecured R D Notes. "See Note 5,"Debt"
for details regarding the impact of the Exchange and Maturity Treatment Agreement on the R D Notes. In March 2016, as a result
of the restructuring of TAB discussed under Note 5, "Debt" and Note 7, "Joint Venture and Noncontrolling Interests,"
the remaining Secured R D Notes were exchanged for an unsecured R D Note in the principal amount of $3.7 million. 

The Senior Secured Loan Facility and the June
2016 Notes (see Note 5, "Debt") are collateralized by first and second priority liens, respectively, on the Company's assets,
including certain Company intellectual property. 

Purchase Obligations   

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the Company had $1.1 million and $1.3 million, respectively, in purchase obligations which included $0.6 million and $0.5
million, respectively, of non-cancellable contractual obligations and construction commitments. 

Other Matters   

Certain conditions may exist as of the date
the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but will only be recorded when one or more future
events occur or fail to occur. The Company's management assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves
an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against and by the Company
or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company's management evaluates the perceived merits of any legal
proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates
that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company's financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency
is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be reasonably estimated, then the nature of the contingent
liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss if determinable and material would be disclosed. Loss contingencies
considered to be remote by management are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantee would
be disclosed. The Company has levied indirect taxes on sugarcane-based biodiesel sales by Amyris Brasil to customers in Brasil
based on advice from external legal counsel. In the absence of definitive rulings from the Brazilian tax authorities on the appropriate
indirect tax rate to be applied to such product sales, the actual indirect rate to be applied to such sales could differ from the
rate we levied. 

The Company is subject to disputes and claims
that arise or have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that have not resulted in legal proceedings or have not been fully
adjudicated. Such matters that may arise in the ordinary course of business are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes are
not predictable with reasonable assurance and therefore an estimate of all the reasonably possible losses cannot be determined
at this time. Therefore, if one or more of these legal disputes or claims resulted in settlements or legal proceedings that were
resolved against the Company for amounts in excess of management s expectations, the Company s consolidated financial
statements for the relevant reporting period could be materially adversely affected. 

7. Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling Interests  

Novvi LLC   

In September 2011, the Company and Cosan US,
Inc. (or  Cosan U.S. ) formed Novvi LLC (or  Novvi ), a U.S. entity that is jointly owned by the Company
and Cosan U.S. In March 2013, the Company and Cosan U.S. entered into agreements to (i) expand their base oils joint venture
to also include additives and lubricants and (ii) operate their joint venture exclusively through Novvi. Specifically, the parties
entered into an Amended and Restated Operating Agreement for Novvi (or the  Operating Agreement ), which sets forth
the governance procedures for Novvi and the parties' initial contribution. The Company also entered into an IP License Agreement
with Novvi (as amended in March 2016, the  IP License Agreement ) under which the Company granted Novvi (i) an exclusive
(subject to certain limited exceptions for the Company), worldwide, royalty-free license to develop, produce and commercialize
base oils, additives, and lubricants derived from Biofene for use in automotive, commercial, and industrial lubricants markets,
and (ii) a non-exclusive, royalty free license, subject to certain conditions, to manufacture Biofene solely for its own products.
In addition, both the Company and Cosan U.S. granted Novvi certain rights of first refusal with respect to alternative base oil
and additive technologies that may be acquired by the Company or Cosan U.S. during the term of the IP License Agreement. Under
these agreements, through September 30, 2016 the Company and Cosan U.S. each owned 50% of Novvi and each party shared equally in
any costs and any profits ultimately realized by the joint venture. Novvi is governed by a six member Board of Managers (or the
 Board of Managers ). The Board of Managers appoints the officers of Novvi, who are responsible for carrying out the
daily operating activities of Novvi as directed by the Board of Managers. The IP License Agreement has an initial term of 20 years
from the date of the agreement, subject to standard early termination provisions such as uncured material breach or a party's insolvency.
Under the terms of the Operating Agreement, Cosan U.S. was obligated to fund its initial 50% ownership share of Novvi in cash in
the amount of $10.0 million and the Company was obligated to fund its initial 50% ownership share of Novvi through the granting
of an IP License to develop, produce and commercialize base oils, additives, and lubricants derived from Biofene for use in the
automotive, commercial and industrial lubricants markets, which Cosan U.S. and Amyris agreed was valued at $10.0 million. In March 2013,
the Company measured its initial contribution of intellectual property to Novvi at the Company's carrying value of the licenses
granted under the IP License Agreement, which was zero. 

In April 2014, the Company, via its forgiveness
of existing receivables due from Novvi related to rent and other services performed by the Company, purchased additional membership
units of Novvi for a purchase price of $0.2 million. Concurrently, Cosan U.S. purchased an equal amount of additional membership
units of Novvi. Also in April 2014, the Company and Cosan U.S. each contributed $2.1 million in cash in exchange for receiving
additional membership units in Novvi. Following such transactions, the Company and Cosan U.S. continued to each own 50% of Novvi's
issued and outstanding membership units. 

In September 2014, the Company and Cosan U.S.
entered into a member senior loan agreement to grant Novvi a loan amounting to approximately $3.7 million. The loan is due on September
1, 2017 and bears interest at a rate of 0.36% per annum. Interest accrues daily and is due and payable in arrears on September
1, 2017. The Company and Cosan U.S. each agreed to provide 50% of the loan. The Company's share of approximately $1.8 million was
disbursed in two installments. The first installment of $1.2 million was made in September 2014 and the second installment of $0.6
million was made in October 2014. In November 2014, the Company and Cosan U.S. entered into a second member senior loan agreement
to grant Novvi a loan of approximately $1.9 million on the same terms as the loan issued in September 2014, except that the due
date is November 10, 2017. The Company and Cosan U.S. each agreed to provide 50% of the loan. The Company disbursed its share of
the loan (i.e., approximately $1.0 million) in November 2014. In May 2015, the Company and Cosan U.S. entered into a third member
senior loan agreement to grant Novvi a loan of approximately $1.1 million on the same terms as the loan issued in September 2014,
except that the due date is May 14, 2018. The Company and Cosan U.S. each agreed to provide 50% of the loan. 

In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company and
Cosan U.S. entered into four additional member senior loan agreements to grant Novvi an aggregate loan of approximately $1.6 million
on the same terms as the loan issued in September 2014, except that the respective due dates are August 19, 2018, October 15, 2018,
November 12, 2018 and December 17, 2018. The Company and Cosan U.S. each agreed to provide 50% of each of these four loans. In
July 2016, the Company contributed all outstanding amounts owing by Novvi to the Company under the seven member senior loan agreements
in exchange for receiving additional membership units in Novvi. 

In February 2016, the Company purchased additional
membership units of Novvi for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $0.6 million in the form of forgiveness of existing
receivables due from Novvi related to rent and other services performed by the Company, and Cosan U.S. purchased an equal number
of additional membership units in Novvi for approximately $0.6 million in cash. Following such transactions, each member continued
to own 50% of Novvi's issued and outstanding membership units. 

On July 19, 2016, American Refining Group, Inc. (or  ARG ) agreed to make a capital contribution
of up to $10.0 million in cash to Novvi, subject to certain conditions, in exchange for a one third ownership stake in Novvi. In
connection with such investment, the Company agreed to contribute all outstanding amounts owed by Novvi to the Company under the
seven existing member senior loan agreements between the Company and Novvi, as well as certain existing receivables due from Novvi
to the Company related to rent and other services performance by the Company, in exchange for receiving additional membership units
in Novvi. Likewise, Cosan U.S. contributed an equal amount to Novvi as the Company in exchange for receiving an equal amount of
additional membership interests in Novvi. Following the ARG investment, assuming it is made in full, and the capital contributions
of the Company and Cosan U.S., each of Novvi s three members (i.e., ARG, the Company and Cosan U.S.) will own one third of
Novvi s issued and outstanding membership units and will each be represented by two members of the Board of Managers. In
order to reflect the ARG investment in Novvi and related transactions, the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Novvi was
amended and restated on July 19, 2016. In addition, the IP License Agreement between Novvi and the Company was also amended on
July 19, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, $4.0 million of ARG's capital contribution to Novvi had been funded. 

Additional funding requirements to finance the
ongoing operations of Novvi are expected to happen through revolving credit or other loan facilities provided by unrelated parties
(i.e., such as financial institutions); cash advances or other credit or loan facilities provided by Novvi s members or their
affiliates; or additional capital contributions by the existing Novvi members or new investors. 

The Company has identified Novvi as a VIE and
determined that the power to direct activities, which most significantly impact the economic success of the joint venture (i.e.,
continuing research and development, marketing, sales, distribution and manufacturing of Novvi products), the Company and Cosan
U.S. Accordingly, the Company is not the primary beneficiary and therefore accounts for its investment in Novvi under the equity
method of accounting. The Company will continue to reassess its primary beneficiary analysis of Novvi if there are changes in events
and circumstances impacting the power to direct activities that most significantly affect Novvi's economic success. Under the equity
method, the Company's share of profits and losses and impairment charges on investments in affiliates are included in  Loss
from investments in affiliates  in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. The carrying amount of the Company's
equity investment in Novvi as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was zero and the Company recognized zero and $0.7 million
losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and zero and $2.1 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Total Amyris BioSolutions B.V.   

In November 2013, the Company and Total formed
Total Amyris BioSolutions B.V. (or  TAB ), a joint venture to produce and commercialize farnesene- or farnesane-based
jet and diesel fuels. Prior to the restructuring of TAB in March 2016 as described below, the common equity of TAB was owned equally
by the Company and Total, and TAB s purpose was limited to executing the License Agreement dated December 2, 2013 between
the Company, Total and TAB and maintaining such licenses under it, unless and until either (i) Total elected to go forward with
either the full (diesel and jet fuel) TAB commercialization program or the jet fuel component of the TAB commercialization program
(or a  Go Decision ), (ii) Total elected to not continue its participation in the R D Program and TAB (or a  No-Go
Decision ), or (iii) Total exercised any of its rights to buy out the Company s interest in TAB. Following a Go
Decision, the articles and shareholders  agreement of TAB would be amended and restated to be consistent with the shareholders 
agreement contemplated by the Total Fuel Agreements (see Note 5, "Debt" and Note 8, "Significant Agreements"). 

In July 2015, the Company and Total entered
into a Letter Agreement (or, as amended in February 2016, the  TAB Letter Agreement ) regarding the restructuring of
the ownership and rights of TAB (or the  Restructuring ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to, among other things,
enter into an Amended   Restated Jet Fuel License Agreement between the Company and TAB (or the  Jet Fuel Agreement ),
a License Agreement regarding Diesel Fuel in the European Union (or the  EU ) between the Company and Total (or the
 EU Diesel Fuel Agreement ), and an Amended and Restated Shareholders  Agreement among the Company, Total and
TAB, and file a Deed of Amendment of Articles of Association of TAB, all in order to reflect certain changes to the ownership structure
of TAB and license grants and related rights pertaining to TAB. 

On February 12, 2016, the Company and Total
entered into an amendment to the TAB Letter Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed that, upon the closing of the Restructuring,
Total would cancel R D Notes in an aggregate principal amount of approximately $1.3 million, plus all paid-in-kind and accrued
interest as of the closing of the Restructuring under all outstanding R D Notes (including all such interest that was outstanding
as of July 29, 2015), and a note in the principal amount of Euro 50,000, plus accrued interest, issued by the Company to Total
in connection with the existing TAB capitalization, in exchange for an additional 25% ownership interest of TAB (giving Total an
aggregate ownership stake of 75% of TAB and giving the Company an aggregate ownership stake of 25% of TAB). In connection therewith,
Total would surrender to the Company the remaining R D Notes and the Company would provide to Total a new unsecured senior
convertible note, containing substantially similar terms and conditions, in the principal amount of $3.7 million (collectively,
the  TAB Share Purchase ). 

On March 21, 2016, the Company, Total and TAB
closed the Restructuring and the TAB Share Purchase. See Note 5,  Debt  for further details of the impact of these
transaction on the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Under the Jet Fuel Agreement, (a) the Company
granted exclusive (co-exclusive in Brazil), world-wide, royalty-free rights to TAB for the production and commercialization of
farnesene- or farnesane-based jet fuel, (b) the Company granted TAB the option, until March 1, 2018, to purchase the Company s
Brazil jet fuel business at a price based on the fair value of the commercial assets and on the Company s investment in other
related assets, (c) the Company granted TAB the right to purchase farnesene or farnesane for its jet fuel business from the Company
on a  most-favored  pricing basis and (d) all rights to farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuel previously granted
to TAB by the Company reverted back to the Company. As a result of the Jet Fuel Agreement, the Company generally no longer has
an independent right to make or sell, without the approval of TAB, farnesene- or farnesane-based jet fuels outside of Brazil. 

Upon all farnesene-or farnesane-based diesel
fuel rights reverting back to the Company, the Company granted to Total, pursuant to the EU Diesel Fuel Agreement, (a) an exclusive,
royalty-free license to offer for sale and sell farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuel in the EU, (b) the non-exclusive right
to make farnesene or farnesane anywhere in the world, but Total must (i) use such farnesene or farnesane to produce only diesel
fuel to offer for sale or sell in the EU and (ii) pay the Company a to-be-negotiated, commercially reasonable,  most-favored 
basis royalty and (c) the right to purchase farnesene or farnesane for its EU diesel fuel business from the Company on a  most-favored 
pricing basis. As a result of the EU Diesel Fuel Agreement, the Company generally no longer has an independent right to make or
sell, without the approval of TAB, farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuels in the EU. 

As a result of, and in order to reflect, the
changes to the ownership structure of TAB described above, on March 21, 2016, (a) the Company, Total and TAB entered into an Amended
and Restated Shareholders  Agreement and filed a Deed of Amendment of Articles of Association of TAB and (b) the Company
and Total terminated the Amended and Restated Master Framework Agreement, dated December 2, 2013 and amended on April 1, 2015,
between the Company and Total. 

As of September 30, 2016, the common equity
of TAB was owned 25% by the Company and 75% by Total. TAB has a capitalization as of September 30, 2016 of  0.1 million
(approximately US$0.1 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). The Company has identified TAB as a VIE
and determined that the Company is not the primary beneficiary and therefore accounts for its investment in TAB under the equity
method of accounting. Under the equity method, the Company's share of profits and losses are included in  Loss from investment
in affiliate  in the consolidated statements of operations. 

SMA Ind stria Qu mica S.A.   

In April 2010, the Company established
SMA Ind stria Qu mica (or "SMA"), a joint venture with S o Martinho S.A. (or "SMSA"),
to build a production facility in Brazil. SMA is located at the SMSA mill in Prad polis, S o Paulo state. The joint
venture agreements establishing SMA have a 20 year initial term. 

SMA was initially managed by a three member
executive committee, of which the Company appointed two members, one of whom is the plant manager who is the most senior executive
responsible for managing the construction and operation of the facility. SMA was initially governed by a four member board of directors,
of which the Company and SMSA each appointed two members. The board of directors had certain protective rights which include final
approval of the engineering designs and project work plan developed and recommended by the executive committee. 

The joint venture agreements required the Company
to fund the construction costs of the new facility and SMSA would reimburse the Company up to R$61.8 million (approximately US$19.0
million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016) of the construction costs after SMA commences production. After
commercialization, the Company would market and distribute Amyris renewable products produced by SMA and SMSA would sell feedstock
and provide certain other services to SMA. The cost of the feedstock to SMA would be a price that is based on the average return
that SMSA could receive from the production of its current products, sugar and ethanol. The Company would be required to purchase
the output of SMA for the first four years at a price that guarantees the return of SMSA s investment plus a fixed interest
rate. After this four year period, the price would be set to guarantee a break-even price to SMA plus an agreed upon return. 

Under the terms of the joint venture agreements,
if the Company became controlled, directly or indirectly, by a competitor of SMSA, then SMSA would have the right to acquire the
Company s interest in SMA. If SMSA became controlled, directly or indirectly, by a competitor of the Company, then the Company
would have the right to sell its interest in SMA to SMSA. In either case, the purchase price would be determined in accordance
with the joint venture agreements, and the Company would continue to have the obligation to acquire products produced by SMA for
the remainder of the term of the supply agreement then in effect even though the Company would no longer be involved in SMA s
management. 

The Company initially had a 50% ownership interest
in SMA. The Company has identified SMA as a VIE pursuant to the accounting guidance for consolidating VIEs because the amount of
total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit SMA to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support, as well as because the related commercialization agreement provides a substantive minimum price guarantee. Under the terms
of the joint venture agreement, the Company directed the design and construction activities, as well as production and distribution.
In addition, the Company had the obligation to fund the design and construction activities until commercialization was achieved.
Subsequent to the construction phase, both parties equally would fund SMA for the term of the joint venture. Based on those factors,
the Company was determined to have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact SMA s economic performance
and the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits. Accordingly, the financial results of SMA are included in
the Company s consolidated financial statements and amounts pertaining to SMSA s interest in SMA are reported as noncontrolling
interests in subsidiaries. 

The Company completed a significant portion
of the construction of the new facility in 2012. The Company suspended construction of the facility in 2013 in order to focus on
completing and operating the Company's smaller production facility in Brotas, Brazil. In February 2014, the Company entered into
an amendment to the joint venture agreement with SMSA which updated and documented certain preexisting business plan requirements
related to the recommencement of construction at the joint venture operated plant and sets forth, among other things, (i) the extension
of the deadline for the commencement of operations at the joint venture operated plant to no later than 18 months following the
construction of the plant no later than March 31, 2017, and (ii) the extension of an option held by SMSA to build a second large-scale
farnesene production facility to no later than December 31, 2018 with the commencement of operations at such second facility to
occur no later than April 1, 2019. On July 1, 2015 SMSA filed a material fact document with CVM, the Brazilian securities regulator,
that announced that certain contractual targets undertaken by the Company have not been achieved, which affects the feasibility
of the project. Therefore, SMSA decided not to approve continuing construction of the plant for the joint venture with the Company
and its Brazilian subsidiary Amyris Brasil. In July 2015, the Company announced that it was in discussions with SMSA regarding
the continuation of the joint venture. In December 2015, the Company and SMSA entered into a Termination Agreement and a Share
Purchase and Sale Agreement relating to the termination of the joint venture. Under the Termination Agreement, the parties agreed
that the joint venture would be terminated effective upon the closing of a purchase by Amyris Brasil of SMSA s shares of
SMA. Under the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement, Amyris Brasil agreed to purchase, for R$50,000 (approximately US$15,426 based
on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016), 50,000 shares of SMA (representing all the outstanding shares of SMA held
by SMSA), which purchase and sale was consummated on January 11, 2016. The Share Purchase and Sale Agreement also provided that
the Company and Amyris Brasil would have 12 months following the closing of the share purchase to remove assets from SMSA s
site, and enter into an extension of the lease for such 12 month period for monthly rental payments of R$9,853 (approximately US$3,040
based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). The Share Purchase and Sale Agreement also clarified that the Company
and Amyris Brasil would not be required to demolish or remove the foundations of the plant at the SMSA site. On September 1, 2016,
the parties entered into an addendum to the Share Purchase and Sale Agreement (and a corresponding amendment to the lease) which
extended the deadline for the Company and Amyris Brasil to remove assets from SMSA s site until December 31, 2017. 

Glycotech   

In January 2011, the Company entered into a
production service agreement (or the "Glycotech Agreement") with Glycotech, Inc. (or "Glycotech"), under which
Glycotech provides process development and production services for the manufacturing of various Company products at its leased
facility in Leland, North Carolina. The Company products manufactured by Glycotech are owned and distributed by the Company. Pursuant
to the terms of the Glycotech Agreement, the Company is required to pay the manufacturing and operating costs of the Glycotech
facility, which is dedicated solely to the manufacture of Amyris products. The initial term of the Glycotech Agreement was for
a two year period commencing on February 1, 2011 and the Glycotech Agreement renews automatically for successive one-year
terms, unless terminated by the Company. Concurrent with the Glycotech Agreement, the Company also entered into a Right of First
Refusal Agreement with the lessor of the facility and site leased by Glycotech (or the "ROFR Agreement"). Per conditions
of the ROFR Agreement, the lessor agreed not to sell the facility and site leased by Glycotech during the term of the Glycotech
Agreement. In the event that the lessor is presented with an offer to sell or decides to sell an adjacent parcel, the Company has
the right of first refusal to acquire it. 

The Company has determined that the arrangement
with Glycotech qualifies as a VIE. The Company determined that it is the primary beneficiary of this arrangement since it has the
power through the management committee over which it has majority control to direct the activities that most significantly impact
Glycotech's economic performance. In addition, the Company is required to fund 100% of Glycotech's actual operating costs for providing
services each month while the facility is in operation under the Glycotech Agreement. Accordingly, the Company consolidates the
financial results of Glycotech. The carrying amounts of Glycotech's assets and liabilities were not material to the Company's condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

The table below reflects the carrying amount
of the assets and liabilities of the consolidated VIE for which the Company is the primary beneficiary at September 30, 2016 (two
at December 31, 2015). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the assets include $0.1 million and $5.2 million
in property, plant and equipment, respectively, $0.4 million and $1.5 million in current assets, respectively, and zero and $0.3
million in other assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the liabilities include $0.2 million and $1.1 million, respectively, in accounts payable and accrued current liabilities,
and $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively, in loan obligations by Glycotech to its shareholders that are non-recourse to
the Company. The creditors of each consolidated VIE have recourse only to the assets of that VIE. 

The change in noncontrolling interest for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, is summarized below (in thousands): 

8. Significant Agreements  

Research and Development Activities   

Total Collaboration Arrangement  

In June 2010, the Company entered into a technology
license, development, research and collaboration agreement (or the  Total Collaboration Agreement ) with Total Gas  
Power USA Biotech, Inc., an affiliate of Total. This agreement provided for joint collaboration on the development of products
through the use of the Company s synthetic biology platform. In November 2011, the Company entered into a first amendment
of the Total Collaboration Agreement with respect to development and commercialization of Biofene for fuels. This represented an
expansion of the initial collaboration with Total, and established a global, exclusive collaboration for the development of Biofene
for fuels and a framework for the creation of a joint venture to manufacture and commercialize Biofene for diesel. In addition,
a limited number of other potential products were subject to development by the joint venture on a non-exclusive basis. 

The first amendment provided for an exclusive
strategic collaboration for the development of renewable diesel products and contemplated that the parties would establish a joint
venture (or the  JV ) for the production and commercialization of such renewable diesel products on an exclusive, worldwide
basis. In addition, the first amendment contemplated providing the JV with the right to produce and commercialize certain other
chemical products on a non-exclusive basis. The first amendment further provided that definitive agreements to form the JV had
to be in place by March 31, 2012 or such other date as agreed to by the parties or the renewable diesel program, including
any further collaboration payments by Total related to the renewable diesel program, would terminate. In the second quarter of
2012, the parties extended the deadline to June 30, 2012, and, through June 30, 2012, the parties were engaged in discussions regarding
the structure of future payments related to the program, until the first amendment was superseded by a second amendment in July
2012 (as further described below). 

Pursuant to the first amendment, Total agreed
to fund the following amounts: (i) the first $30.0 million in research and development costs related to the renewable diesel
program incurred since August 1, 2011, which amount would be in addition to the $50.0 million in research and development
funding contemplated by the Total Collaboration Agreement, and (ii) for any research and development costs incurred following
the JV formation date that were not covered by the initial $30.0 million, an additional $10.0 million in 2012 and up to an additional
$10.0 million in 2013, which amounts would be considered part of the $50.0 million contemplated by the Total Collaboration Agreement.
In addition to these payments, Total further agreed to fund 50% of all remaining research and development costs for the renewable
diesel program under the Amendment. 

In July 2012, the Company entered into a second
amendment of the Total Collaboration Agreement that expanded Total s investment in the Biofene collaboration, incorporated
the development of certain JV products for use in diesel and jet fuel into the scope of the collaboration, and changed the structure
of the funding from Total for the collaboration by establishing a convertible debt structure for the collaboration funding (see
Note 5,  Debt ). In connection with such second amendment Total and the Company also executed certain other related
agreements. Under these agreements (collectively referred to as the  Total Fuel Agreements ), the parties would grant
exclusive manufacturing and commercial licenses to the JV for the JV products (diesel and jet fuel from Biofene) when the JV was
formed. The licenses to the JV were to be consistent with the principle that development, production and commercialization of the
JV products in Brazil would remain with Amyris unless Total elected, after formation of the operational JV, to have such business
contributed to the joint venture. Further, as part of the Total Fuel Agreements, Total's royalty option contingency related to
diesel was removed and the jet fuel collaboration was combined with the expanded Biofene collaboration. As a result, $46.5 million
of payments previously received from Total that had been recorded as an advance from Total were no longer contingently repayable.
Of this amount, $23.3 million was treated as a repayment by the Company and included as part of the senior unsecured convertible
promissory note issued to Total in July 2012 and the remaining $23.2 million was recorded as a contract to perform research and
development services, which was offset by the reduction of the capitalized deferred charge asset of $14.4 million resulting in
the Company recording revenue from a related party of $8.9 million in 2012. On March 21, 2016, the Company and Total consummated
a restructuring of the JV pursuant to a letter agreement dated July 26, 2015, as amended on February 12, 2016, which restructuring
included, among other things, the parties amending certain of the Total Fuel Agreements and the Company selling part of its ownership
stake in the JV to Total in exchange for Total cancelling certain outstanding indebtedness issued to Total by the Company. In July
2016, the Company and Total agreed to extend the term of the Total Collaboration Agreement from July 31, 2016 to March 1, 2017
pursuant to the terms of the Total Collaboration Agreement. See Note 5, "Debt" and Note 7, "Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling
Interest" for further details of the Company s relationship with Total. 

F F Collaboration Agreement  

In March 2013, the Company entered into
a Master Collaboration Agreement (or, as amended in July 2015, the  F F Collaboration Agreement ) with a collaboration
partner to establish a collaboration arrangement for the development and commercialization of multiple renewable flavors and fragrances
compounds. Under the F F Collaboration Agreement, except for rights granted under pre-existing collaboration relationships,
the Company granted the collaboration partner exclusive access to specified Company intellectual property for the development and
commercialization of flavors and fragrances compounds in exchange for research and development funding and a profit sharing arrangement.
The F F Collaboration Agreement superseded and expanded the November 2010 Master Collaboration and Joint Development Agreement
between the Company and the collaboration partner. 

The F F Collaboration Agreement provided
for annual, up-front funding to the Company by the collaboration partner of $10.0 million for each of the first three years of
the collaboration. Payments of $10.0 million were received by the Company in each of March 2013, 2014 and 2015. The F F Collaboration
Agreement contemplates additional funding by the collaboration partner of up to $5.0 million under four potential milestone payments,
as well as additional funding by the collaboration partner on a discretionary basis. Through September 2016, the Company had achieved
the third performance milestone under the F F Collaboration Agreement and recognized collaboration revenues of $1.3 million
under the F F Collaboration Agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $5.5 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The F F Collaboration Agreement does not impose any specific research and development obligations on either
party after year six, but provides that if the parties mutually agree to perform research and development activities after year
six, the parties will fund such activities equally. 

Under the F F Collaboration Agreement, the
parties agreed to jointly select target compounds, subject to final approval of compound specifications by the collaboration partner.
During the development phase, the Company would be required to provide labor, intellectual property and technology infrastructure
and the collaboration partner would be required to contribute downstream polishing expertise and market access. The F F Collaboration
Agreement provides that the Company will own research and development and strain engineering intellectual property, and the collaboration
partner will own blending and, if applicable, chemical conversion intellectual property. Under certain circumstances, such as the
Company s insolvency, the collaboration partner would gain expanded access to the Company s intellectual property.
The F F Collaboration Agreement contemplates that, following development of flavors and fragrances compounds, the Company will
manufacture the initial target molecules for the compounds and the collaboration partner will perform any required downstream polishing
and distribution, sales and marketing. The F F Collaboration Agreement provides that the parties will mutually agree on a supply
price for each compound developed under the agreement and, subject to certain exceptions, will share product margins from sales
of each such compound on a 70/30 basis (70% for the collaboration partner) until the collaboration partner receives $15.0 million
more than the Company in the aggregate from such sales, after which time the parties will share the product margins 50/50. The
Company also agreed to pay a one-time success bonus to the collaboration partner of up to $2.5 million if certain commercialization
targets are met. 

In September 2014, the Company entered into
a supply agreement with the collaboration partner for a compound developed under the F F Collaboration Agreement. The Company
recognized $0.1 million and $1.3 million of revenues from product sales under this agreement for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $4.7 million and $1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Michelin and Braskem Collaboration Agreements  

In June 2014, the Company entered into a collaboration
agreement with Braskem S.A. (or  Braskem ) and Manufacture Francaise de Pnematiques Michelin (or  Michelin )
to collaborate to develop the technology to produce and possibly commercialize renewable isoprene. The term of the collaboration
agreement commenced on June 30, 2014 and will continue, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the agreement, until the first
to occur of (i) the date that is three years following the actual date on which a work plan is completed, which date is estimated
to occur on or about December 30, 2020, or (ii) the date of the commencement of commissioning of a production plant for the production
of renewable isoprene. The June 2014 collaboration agreement terminated and superseded the September 2011 collaboration agreement
between the Company and Michelin and, as a result of the signing of the June 2014 collaboration agreement, the upfront payment
by Michelin of $5.0 million under the September 2011 collaboration agreement was rolled forward into the new collaboration agreement
as Michelin s funding towards the research and development activities to be performed under the new collaboration agreement.
Braskem contributed $4.0 million of funding to the research and development activities under the June 2014 collaboration agreement,
of which $2.0 million was received in July 2014 and $2.0 million was received in January 2015. 

For this collaboration agreement, the Company
recognized collaboration revenues of zero and zero for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.1
million and $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
$6.5 million and $6.3 million, respectively, of deferred revenues were recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheet related
to these agreements. 

Kuraray Collaboration Agreement and Securities
Purchase Agreement  

In March 2014, the Company entered into the
Second Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement with Kuraray Co., Ltd (or  Kuraray ) in order to extend the term
of the original collaboration agreement between the Company and Kuraray dated July 21, 2011 for an additional two years and
add additional fields and products to the scope of development. In consideration for the Company s agreement to extend the
term of the original collaboration agreement and add additional fields and products, Kuraray agreed to pay the Company $4.0 million
in two equal installments of $2.0 million. The first installment was paid on April 30, 2014 and the second installment was
due on April 30, 2015. In connection with entering into the Second Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement, Kuraray signed
a Securities Purchase Agreement in March 2014 to purchase 943,396 shares of the Company's common stock at a price per share of
$4.24 per share, which shares were sold and issued in April 2014 for aggregate cash proceeds to the Company of $4.0 million. In
March 2015, the Company and Kuraray entered into the First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement
to extend the term of the original collaboration agreement until December 31, 2016 and to accelerate payment to the Company of
the second installment of $2.0 million due from Kuraray under the Second Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement to March
31, 2015. 

The Company recognized collaboration revenues
of $0.4 million and $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $1.1 million and $1.2 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, under this agreement. 

DARPA  

In September 2015, the Company entered into
a Technology Investment Agreement (or the  2015 TIA ) with The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (or  DARPA ),
under which the Company, with the assistance of five specialized subcontractors, will work to create new research and development
tools and technologies for strain engineering and scale-up activities. The program that is the subject of the 2015 TIA will be
performed and funded on a milestone basis, where DARPA, upon the Company s successful completion of each milestone event
in the 2015 TIA, will pay the Company the amount set forth in the 2015 TIA corresponding to such milestone event. Under the 2015
TIA, the Company and its subcontractors could collectively receive DARPA funding of up to $35.0 million over the program s
four year term if all of the program s milestones are achieved. In conjunction with DARPA s funding, the Company and
its subcontractors are obligated to collectively contribute approximately $15.5 million toward the program over its four year term
(primarily by providing specified labor and/or purchasing certain equipment). The Company can elect to retain title to the patentable
inventions it produces under the program, but DARPA receives certain data rights as well as a government purposes license to certain
of such inventions. Either party may, upon written notice and subject to certain consultation obligations, terminate the 2015 TIA
upon a reasonable determination that the program will not produce beneficial results commensurate with the expenditure of resources. 

The Company recognized collaboration revenues
of $1.3 million and zero under this agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $4.8 million
and zero for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Givaudan Collaboration Agreement  

In June 2016, the Company entered into a Collaboration
Agreement with Givaudan International, SA (or  Givaudan ), a global flavors and fragrances company, to establish a
collaboration for the development and commercialization of certain renewable compounds for use in the fields of active cosmetics
and flavors. Under this collaboration agreement, the Company will use its labor, intellectual property and technology infrastructure
to develop and commercialize certain compounds for Givaudan. In exchange, Givaudan will pay to the Company $12.0 million in semi-annual
installments of $3.0 million each, beginning on June 30, 2016. The Company received the first installment of $3.0 million on June
30, 2016 and this amount was recognized in deferred revenue as of that date. 

Pursuant to this collaboration agreement, the
Company will grant to Givaudan an exclusive license to the intellectual property that the Company generates under the agreement.
Such license will include the rights to make, use and sell compounds in the active cosmetics and flavors fields, and is subject
to certain  claw back  rights by the Company if a compound is not commercialized by Givaudan during the term of the
agreement. The Company will also grant to Givaudan non-exclusive rights to certain portions of the Company s existing intellectual
property in order to facilitate activities under the agreement. Givaudan, on the other hand, will grant to the Company a non-exclusive
license to the intellectual property that is generated under the agreement. Such non-exclusive license will include the rights
to make, use and sell compounds in all fields except active cosmetics and flavors. 

Subject to certain rights granted to a third
party, Givaudan will have the exclusive right to commercialize the compounds in the active cosmetics and flavors markets during
the term of the agreement. Further, the Company has agreed that it will not assist any third party in the development or commercialization
of other compounds for sale or use in the active cosmetics or flavors markets during the term of the agreement. In addition, the
agreement contemplates that the Company will be the primary supplier of commercial quantities of the compounds to Givaudan pursuant
to supply agreements to be mutually negotiated by the parties. 

The Company recognized collaboration revenues
of $1.6 million under this agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Ginkgo Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement
and Collaboration Agreement  

In June 2016, the Company entered into an Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement (or the  Initial
Ginkgo Agreement ) with Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. (or  Ginkgo ), pursuant to which the Company licensed certain intellectual
property to Ginkgo in exchange for a fee of $20.0 million, to be paid by Ginkgo to the Company in two installments, and a ten percent
royalty. The first installment of $15.0 million was received on July 25, 2016. The second installment, in the amount of $5.0 million
is to be received, based upon the satisfaction of certain conditions as set forth below, by March 31, 2017. The Company recognized
$15 million of collaboration revenue under the Initial Ginkgo Agreement for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Furthermore,
in connection with the Initial Ginkgo Agreement, on June 29, 2016, the Company received a deferment of all scheduled principal
repayments under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, the lender and administrative agent under which is an affiliate of Ginkgo, as
well as a waiver of the Minimum Cash Covenant, through October 31, 2016. 

In addition, addition, pursuant to the Initial Ginkgo Agreement, the Company and Ginkgo agreed to pursue the negotiation
and execution of a detailed definitive partnership and license agreement setting forth the terms of a commercial partnership and
collaboration arrangement between the parties (or the  Collaboration ) and, in connection with the entry into the Initial
Ginkgo Agreement, on June 29, 2016, the Company received a deferment of all scheduled principal repayments under the Senior Secured
Loan Facility, as well as a waiver of the Minimum Cash Covenant, through October 31, 2016. Furthermore, pursuant to the Initial
Ginkgo Agreement, in connection with the execution of the definitive agreement for the Collaboration, (i) the Company would issue
to Ginkgo an option to purchase five million shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $0.50, exercisable for
one year from the date of issuance and (ii) the parties would effect an amendment of the Company s Senior Secured Loan Facility
to (x) extend the maturity date of all outstanding loans under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, (y) waive any required amortization
payments under the Senior Secured Loan Facility until maturity and (z) eliminate the Minimum Cash Covenant under the Senior Secured
Loan Facility. 

On August 6, 2016, the Company issued to Ginkgo a warrant to purchase five million shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share, exercisable for one year from the date of issuance. The warrant was issued
prior to the execution of the definitive agreement for the Collaboration in connection with the transfer of certain information
technology from Ginkgo to the Company. 

On September 30, 2016, the Company and Ginkgo
entered into a Collaboration Agreement (or the  Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement ) setting forth the terms of the Collaboration,
under which the parties will collaborate to develop, manufacture and sell commercial products and will share in the value created
thereby. The Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, all third party contracts for the development
of chemical small molecule compounds whose manufacture is enabled by the use of microbial strains and fermentation technologies
that are entered into by the Company or Ginkgo during the term of the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement will be subject to the Collaboration
and the approval of the other party (not to be unreasonably withheld). Responsibility for the engineering and small-scale process
development of the newly developed products will be allocated between the parties on a project-by-project basis, and the Company
will be principally responsible for the commercial scale-up and production of such products, with each party generally bearing
their own respective costs and expenses relating to the Collaboration, including capital expenditures. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
subject to the Company sourcing funding and breaking ground on a new production facility by March 30, 2017, Ginkgo will pay the
Company a fee of $5 million on or before March 31, 2017. 

Under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, subject
to certain exceptions, including excluded or refused products and cost savings initiatives, the profit on the sale of products
subject to the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement as well as cost-sharing, milestone and  value-creation  payments associated
with the development and production of such products will be shared equally between the parties. The parties also agreed to provide
each other with a license and other rights to certain intellectual property necessary to support the development and manufacture
of the products under the Collaboration, and also to provide each other with access to certain other intellectual property useful
in connection with the activities to be undertaken under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, subject to certain carve-outs. 

The initial term of the Ginkgo Collaboration
Agreement is three years, and will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless either party provides written notice
of termination not less than 90 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term, subject to the right of the parties to terminate
the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement by mutual agreement, in the event of a material breach by the other party, or in the event the
other party undergoes a change of control. In addition, the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement provides that the parties will evaluate
the performance of the Collaboration as of the 18-month anniversary of the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, and if either party
has been repeatedly unable to perform or meet its commitments under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, the other party will have
the right to terminate the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement on 30 days written notice. 

The Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement contains
customary representations and warranties of the parties, as well as customary terms and provisions regarding, among other things,
indemnification, dispute resolution, governing law and confidentiality. 

See Note 18,  Subsequent Events 
for additional details regarding the amendment to the Company s Senior Secured Loan Facility entered into in connection with
the execution of the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. 

Financing Agreements   

Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation Investment  

On April 8, 2016, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation (the  Gates Foundation ), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to sell and issue 4,385,964 shares of its common stock to the Gates Foundation in a private placement
at a purchase price per share equal to $1.14, the average of the daily closing price per share of the Company s common stock
on the NASDAQ Stock Market for the twenty consecutive trading days ending on April 7, 2016, for aggregate proceeds to the
Company of approximately $5,000,000 (the  Gates Foundation Investment ). The Securities Purchase Agreement includes
customary representations, warranties and covenants of the parties.  The closing of the Gates Foundation Investment occurred
on May 10, 2016. 

In connection with the entry into the Securities Purchase Agreement, on April 8, 2016, the Company and
the Gates Foundation entered into a Charitable Purposes Letter Agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to expend an aggregate
amount not less than the amount of the Gates Foundation Investment to develop a yeast strain that produces artemisinic acid and/or
amorphadiene at a low cost and to supply such artemisinic acid and amorphadiene to companies qualified to convert artemisinic acid
and amorphadiene to artemisinin for inclusion in artemisinin combination therapies used to treat malaria commencing in 2017. If
the Company defaults in its obligation to use the proceeds from the Gates Foundation Investment as set forth above or defaults
under certain other commitments in the Charitable Purposes Letter Agreement, the Gates Foundation will have the right to request
that the Company redeem, or facilitate the purchase by a third party of, the Gates Foundation Investment shares then held by the
Gates Foundation at a price per share equal to the greater of (i) the closing price of the Company s common stock on the
trading day prior to the redemption or purchase, as applicable, or (ii) an amount equal to $1.14 plus a compounded annual return
of 10%. The funding received is classified as mezzanine equity. 

2016 Convertible Note Offering  

See Note 5,  Debt  for details regarding the 2016 Convertible
Note Offering. 

February and June 2016 Private Placements  

See Note 5,  Debt  for details regarding the February
and June 2016 Private Placements. 

At Market Issuance Sales Agreement  

On March 8, 2016, the Company entered into an
At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the  ATM Sales Agreement ) with FBR Capital Markets   Co. and MLV   Co.
LLC (the  Agents ) under which the Company may issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering
price of up to $50.0 million (the  ATM Shares ) from time to time through the Agents, acting as its sales agents, under
the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-203216), effective April 15, 2015. Sales of the ATM Shares
through the Agents, if any, will be made by any method that is deemed an  at the market offering  as defined in Rule
415 under the Securities Act, including by means of ordinary brokers  transactions at market prices, in block transactions,
or as otherwise agreed by the Company and the Agents. Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell ATM Shares under the
ATM Sales Agreement, the Company will notify one of the Agents of the number of ATM Shares to be issued, the dates on which such
sales are anticipated to be made, any minimum price below which sales may not be made and other sales parameters as the Company
deems appropriate. The Company will pay the designated Agent a commission rate of up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from the sale
of any ATM Shares sold through such Agent as agent under the ATM Sales Agreement. The ATM Sales Agreement contains customary terms,
provisions, representations and warranties. The ATM Sales Agreement includes no commitment by other parties to purchase shares
the Company offers for sale. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company did not sell any shares of common stock under the ATM Sales Agreement. As of the date hereof, $50.0 million remained
available for future sales under the ATM Sales Agreement. 

9. Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

The following table presents the components
of the Company's intangible assets (in thousands): 

The in-process research and development (IPR D)
of $8.6 million was acquired through the acquisition of Draths in October 2011 and was treated as indefinite lived intangible assets
pending completion or abandonment of the projects to which the IPR D related. The IPR D was fully impaired in 2015. 

The Company has a single reportable segment
(see Note 15,  Reporting Segments  for further details). Consequently, all of the Company's goodwill is attributable
to that single reportable segment. 

10. Stockholders  Deficit  

Unexercised Common Stock Warrants   

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Company had 14,663,411 and 50,699,368, respectively, of unexercised common stock warrants with exercise prices ranging from $0.01
to $10.67 per warrant and a weighted average remaining maturity of 5.9 years. 

11. Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company s stock option activity and
related information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised under all option plans was $0.0 million for each of the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $0.0 million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, determined as of the date of option exercise. 

The Company s restricted stock units (or
"RSUs") and restricted stock activity and related information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was as
follows: 

The following table summarizes information about
stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016: 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense   

Stock-based compensation expense related to options and restricted stock units granted to employees was allocated
to research and development expense and sales, general and administrative expense as follows (in thousands): 

As of September 30, 2016, there was unrecognized
compensation expense of $5.2 million and $6.0 million related to stock options and RSUs, respectively. The Company expects to
recognize this expense over a weighted average period of 2.86 years and 2.72 years, respectively. 

Stock-based compensation expense for RSUs is
measured based on the closing fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. Stock-based compensation expense
for stock options and employee stock purchase plan rights is estimated at the grant date and offering date, respectively, based
on their fair-value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of employee stock options is being amortized on
a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards. The fair value of employee stock options was estimated using
the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected Dividend Yield  The Company
has never paid dividends and does not expect to pay dividends. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate  The risk-free
interest rate was based on the market yield currently available on United States Treasury securities with maturities approximately
equal to the option s expected term. 

Expected Term  Expected term represents
the period that the Company s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The Company s assumptions about the
expected term have been based on that of companies that have similar industry, life cycle, revenue, and market capitalization and
the historical data on employee exercises. 

Expected Volatility  The expected
volatility is based on a combination of historical volatility for the Company's stock and the historical stock volatilities of
several of the Company s publicly listed comparable companies over a period equal to the expected terms of the options, as
the Company does not have a long trading history. 

Forfeiture Rate  The Company estimates
its forfeiture rate based on an analysis of its actual forfeitures and will continue to evaluate the adequacy of the forfeiture
rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior, and other factors. The impact from a forfeiture
rate adjustment will be recognized in full in the period of adjustment, and if the actual number of future forfeitures differs
from that estimated by the Company, the Company may be required to record adjustments to stock-based compensation expense in future
periods. 

Each of the inputs discussed above is subjective
and generally requires significant management and director judgment. 

12. Employee Benefit Plan  

The Company established a 401(k) Plan to provide
tax deferred salary deductions for all eligible employees. Participants may make voluntary contributions to the 401(k) Plan up
to 90% of their eligible compensation, limited by certain Internal Revenue Service (or the "IRS") restrictions. Effective
January 2014, the Company implemented a discretionary employer match plan whereby the Company will match employee contributions
up to the IRS limit or 90% of compensation, with a minimum one year of service required for vesting. The total matching amount
for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively, and $0.3 million
and $0.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

13. Related Party Transactions  

Related Party Financings  

See Note 5,  Debt  for a description
of the June 2016 Private Placement transaction with Foris Ventures, LLC, a related party of the Company, the February 2016 Private
Placement transaction with Foris Ventures, LLC, Naxyris S.A. and Biolding SA, each a related party of the Company, and the March
2016 R D Note transaction with Total. In addition, see Note 18,  Subsequent Events  for descriptions of additional
related party financings subsequent to September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, convertible notes and loans with related parties
were outstanding in aggregate amount of $63.5 million and $43.0 million, respectively, net of debt discount and issuance costs
of $2.6 million and $1.9 million, respectively. 

The fair value of the derivative liability related to the related party convertible notes as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 was $1.9 million and $7.9 million, respectively. The Company recognized a loss from change in fair
value of the derivative instruments of $0.6 million and $12.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September
2015, respectively, and a gain from change in fair value of the derivative instruments of $7.7 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and a loss from change in fair value of the derivative instruments of $0.7 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively (see Note 3, "Fair Value of Financial Instruments" for further details). 

Related Party Revenues  

The Company recognized related party revenues
from product sales to Total of zero and $2,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and zero and
$2,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Related party accounts receivable from Total as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, were $0.7 million and $1.2 million, respectively. 

The Company recognized related party revenues
from product sales to Novvi of $1.4 million and zero for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
$1.4 million and zero for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Related party accounts receivable from
Novvi as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, were $0.0 million and $0.5 million, respectively. 

Loans to Related Parties  

See Note 7, "Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling
Interest" for details of the Company's transactions with its affiliate, Novvi LLC. 

Joint Venture with Total  

In November 2013, the Company and Total formed
TAB as discussed above under Note 7, "Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling Interest." 

Pilot Plant Agreements  

In May 2014, the Company received the final consents necessary for a Pilot Plant Services Agreement (or the
 Pilot Plant Services Agreement ) and a Sublease Agreement (or the  Sublease Agreement ), each dated as
of April 4, 2014 (collectively the  Pilot Plant Agreements ), between the Company and Total. The Pilot Plant Agreements
generally have a term of five years. Under the terms of the Pilot Plant Services Agreement, the Company agreed to provide
certain fermentation and downstream separations scale-up services and training to Total in exchange for an aggregate annual fee
payable by Total for all services in the amount of up to approximately $0.9 million per annum. In July 2015, Total and the Company
entered into Amendment #1 to the Pilot Plant Services Agreement (or the "Pilot Plant Agreement Amendment"), whereby the
Company agreed to waive a portion of these fees, up to approximately $2.0 million, over the term of the Pilot Plant Services Agreement
in connection with the restructuring of TAB discussed above in Note 7, "Joint Ventures and Non-controlling Interest."
Under the Sublease Agreement, the Company receives an annual base rent payable by Total of approximately $0.1 million per annum. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
received $1.7 million in cash under the Pilot Plant Agreements from Total. In connection with these arrangements, sublease payments
and service fees of $0.1 million and $0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.3
million and $0.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were offset against costs and operating
expenses. 

14. Income Taxes  

The Company recorded a provision for income
taxes of $0.1 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $0.4 million for each of the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted
of an accrual of Brazilian withholding tax on interest on inter-company loans. Other than the above mentioned provision for income
tax, no additional provision for income taxes has been made, net of the valuation allowance, due to cumulative losses since the
commencement of the Company's operations. 

On December 15, 2011, the IRS completed its
audit of the Company for tax year 2008 which concluded that there were no adjustments resulting from the audit. While the statutes
are closed for tax year 2008, the US federal tax carryforwards (net operating losses and tax credits) may be adjusted by the IRS
in the year in which the carryforward is utilized. 

15. Reporting Segments  

The chief operating decision maker for the Company
is the chief executive officer. The chief executive officer reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis, accompanied
by information about revenue by geographic region, for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. The
Company has one business activity comprised of research and development and sales of fuels and farnesene-derived products and there
are no segment managers who are held accountable for operations, operating results or plans for levels or components below the
consolidated unit level. Accordingly, the Company has determined that it has a single reportable segment and operating segment
structure. 

Revenues by geography are based on the location
of the customer. The following tables set forth revenue and long-lived assets by geographic area (in thousands): 

Revenues   

Long-Lived Assets (Property, Plant and
Equipment)   

16. Comprehensive Loss  

Comprehensive loss represents all changes in
stockholders  deficit except those resulting from investments or contributions by stockholders. The Company s foreign
currency translation adjustments represent the components of comprehensive loss excluded from the Company s net loss and
have been disclosed in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the periods presented. 

The components of accumulated other comprehensive
loss are as follows (in thousands): 

17. Net Loss Attributable to Common Stockholders and Net Loss
per Share  

The Company computes net loss per share
in accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share.  Basic net loss per share of common stock is computed by
dividing the Company s net loss attributable to Amyris, Inc. common stockholders by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share of common stock is computed by giving effect
to all potentially dilutive securities, including stock options, restricted stock units, common stock warrants and
convertible promissory notes using the treasury stock method or the as converted method, as applicable. For all periods
presented below, other than the nine  months ended September 30, 2016, basic net loss per share was the same as diluted net
loss per share because the inclusion of all potentially dilutive securities outstanding was anti-dilutive. As such, the
numerator and the denominator used in computing both basic and diluted net loss was the same for those periods. 

The following table presents the calculation
of basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock attributable to Amyris, Inc. common stockholders (in thousands, except
share and per share amounts): 

The following outstanding shares of potentially
dilutive securities were excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share of common stock because including them would
have been anti-dilutive: 

______________ 

(1)     The
                                         potentially dilutive effect of convertible promissory notes was computed based on conversion
                                         ratios in effect as of the respective period end dates. A portion of the convertible
                                         promissory notes issued carries a provision for a reduction in conversion price under
                                         certain circumstances, which could potentially increase the dilutive shares outstanding.
                                         Another portion of the convertible promissory notes issued carries a provision for an
                                         increase in the conversion rate under certain circumstances, which could also potentially
                                         increase the dilutive shares outstanding.    

18. Subsequent Events  

Senior Secured Loan Facility Amendment  

On October 6, 2016, in connection with the entry into the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement, the Company, certain
of its subsidiaries and Stegodon, an affiliate of Ginkgo, entered into a fourth amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility.
Pursuant to the fourth amendment, subject to the Company extending (or the  Extension Condition ) the maturity of the
Fidelity Notes, the parties agreed to extend the maturity date of all outstanding loans under the Senior Secured Loan Facility
to the business day immediately preceding the earliest maturity of the Fidelity Notes and the outstanding Tranche Notes held by
non-affiliates, after giving effect to any extensions thereof at or prior to the satisfaction of the Extension Condition, but in
no event later than April 12, 2019. In addition, the parties agreed that the Company would be required to pay only the interest
accruing on all outstanding loans under the Senior Secured Loan Facility until the maturity date, provided that the Company would
be required to apply certain monies received by the Company under the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement towards repayment of the outstanding
loans under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, up to a maximum amount of $1 million per month. Furthermore, pursuant to the fourth
amendment, Stegodon agreed to waive the Minimum Cash Covenant under the Senior Secured Loan Facility until the maturity date. See
Note 5,  Debt  for additional details regarding the Senior Secured Loan Facility and Note 8,  Significant Agreements 
for additional information regarding the Ginkgo Collaboration Agreement. 

2016 Convertible Note Offering  

On October 13, 2016, the Company issued and
sold the $2.0 Million Note under the May 2016 Purchase Agreement to the purchaser, for proceeds to the Company of $2.0 million.
Upon the issuance of the $2 Million Note, all 2016 Convertible Notes provided for under the May 2016 Purchase Agreement had been
issued and sold. See Note 5,  Debt  for additional information regarding the May 2016 Purchase Agreement and the 2016
Convertible Notes. 

October 2016 Private Placements  

On October 21 and October 27, 2016, the Company
entered into separate Note Purchase Agreements (or the  October 2016 Purchase Agreements ) with Foris Ventures, LLC
and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc., respectively, for the sale of $6.0 million and $8.5 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount
of secured promissory notes (or the  October 2016 Private Notes ) in exchange for aggregate proceeds to the Company
of $6.0 million and $8.5 million, respectively (or the  October 2016 Private Placements ). The October 2016 Private
Notes were issued in private placements pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. The October 2016 Private Placements closed on October 21
and October 27, 2016, respectively. 

The October 2016 Private Notes are collateralized
by a second priority lien on the assets securing the Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, and are
subordinate to the Company s obligations under the Senior Secured Loan Facility pursuant to Subordination Agreements, dated
as of the respective dates of the October 2016 Purchase Agreements, by and among the Company, the applicable purchaser and the
administrative agent under the Company s Senior Secured Loan Facility. Interest will accrue on the October 2016 Private Notes
from and including October 21 and 27, 2016, respectively, at a rate of 13.50% per annum and is payable in full on May 15, 2017,
the maturity date of the October 2016 Private Notes, unless the October 2016 Private Notes are prepaid in accordance with their
terms prior to such date. The October 2016 Purchase Agreements and the October 2016 Private Notes contain customary terms, provisions,
representations and warranties, including certain events of default after which the October 2016 Private Notes may be due and payable
immediately, as set forth in the October 2016 Private Notes. 

Guanfu Credit Agreement  

On October 26, 2016, the Company and Guanfu
Holding Co., Ltd. (or, together with its subsidiaries,  Guanfu ), an existing commercial partner of the Company, entered
into a credit agreement (or the  Guanfu Credit Agreement ) to make available to the Company an unsecured credit facility
with an aggregate principal amount of up to $25.0 million (or the  Guanfu Credit Facility ), which the Company
may borrow from time to time in up to three closings (each such borrowing, a  Guanfu Loan ). Each Guanfu Loan will
have a term of five years and will accrue interest at a rate of 10% per annum, payable quarterly. The Company may at its option
repay the Guanfu Loans before their maturity date, in whole or in part, at a price equal to 100% of the amount being repaid plus
accrued and unpaid interest on such amount to the date of repayment. 

The Guanfu Credit Agreement contains customary
representations, warranties and covenants of the parties, as well as customary provisions regarding, among other things, dispute
resolution and governing law. Upon the occurrence of certain specified events of default under the Guanfu Credit Facility, the
Company will grant to Guanfu an exclusive, royalty-free, global license to certain intellectual property useful in connection with
Guanfu s existing commercial relationship with the Company. In addition, in the event the Company fails to pay interest or
principal under any Guanfu Loan within ten days of when due, the Company will also be required, subject to applicable laws and
regulations, to repay the outstanding principal amount under such Guanfu Loan, together with accrued and unpaid interest, in the
form of shares of the Company s common stock at a per share price equal to 90% of the volume weighted average closing sale
price of the Company s common stock for the 90 trading days ending on and including the trading day that is two trading days
preceding such default. 

The effectiveness of the Guanfu Credit Agreement
is subject to the parties obtaining certain required approvals, and upon the effective date of the Guanfu Credit Agreement, the
Company will grant to Guanfu the global exclusive purchase right with respect to the Company products subject to the parties 
pre-existing commercial relationship. The initial funding of the Guanfu Credit Facility is scheduled to occur on December 1, 2016,
subject to Guanfu s right to extend such initial funding to a date no later than December 31, 2016. 

Nenter Cooperation Agreement  

On October 26, 2016, the Company entered into
a Cooperation Agreement (or the  Cooperation Agreement ) with Nenter   Co., Inc. (or  Nenter ), a subsidiary
of Guanfu. Under the Cooperation Agreement, the parties will collaborate to create and develop certain compounds and, in the event
the parties achieve certain specified development targets, the parties would establish and implement a worldwide manufacturing
and commercialization plan (or the  Commercialization Plan ) relating thereto. The term of the Cooperation Agreement
will be two years from the effectiveness of the Cooperation Agreement (or five years in the event the parties pursue the Commercialization
Plan), which will occur upon the parties obtaining certain required approvals, subject to the rights of the parties to terminate
the Cooperation Agreement upon a material breach by the other party or the failure to obtain certain governmental approvals or
authorizations, as provided in the Cooperation Agreement. The Cooperation Agreement also contains customary representations, warranties
and covenants of the parties, as well as customary terms and provisions regarding, among other things, indemnification, dispute
resolution, confidentiality and governing law. 

In addition, pursuant to the terms of, and as
consideration for, the Cooperation Agreement, promptly after the effectiveness of the Cooperation Agreement, the Company will issue
to Nenter a warrant to purchase 10 million shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share,
exercisable on or before December 31, 2016. The warrant will be issued pursuant to the exemption from registration under Section
4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Furthermore, pursuant to the terms of the warrant,
upon the request of Nenter, the Company will use its best efforts to cause the shares of common stock issued upon exercise of the
warrant to be registered under the Securities Act within 90 days of the exercise of the warrant. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Forward-Looking Statements   

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this
Form 10-Q. These discussions contain forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties
which are subject to safe harbors under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. These forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning
our strategy of achieving a significant reduction in net cash outflows in 2016, future production capacity and other aspects of
our future operations, ability to improve our production efficiencies, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs,
expectations regarding demand and acceptance for our technologies, growth opportunities and trends in the market in which we operate,
prospects and plans and objectives of management. The words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates, 
 expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   projects,   will, 
 would  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking
statements contain these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our
forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements,
including, without limitation, the risks set forth in Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  in this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements.  

Trademarks   

Amyris, the Amyris logo, Biofene, Biossance,
Dial-A-Blend, Diesel de Cana, Evoshield,  Pharm, Muck Daddy, Myralene, Neossance and No Compromise are trademarks or registered
trademarks of Amyris, Inc. This report also contains trademarks and trade names of other businesses that are the property of their
respective holders.  

Overview  

Amyris, Inc. (referred to as the  Company, 
 Amyris,   we,   us,  or  our ) is a leading integrated industrial biotechnology
company applying its technology platform to engineer, manufacture and sell high performance, low cost products into a variety of
consumer and industrial markets, including cosmetics, flavors   fragrances (or F F), solvents and cleaners, polymers, lubricants,
healthcare products and fuels, and we are seeking to apply our technology to the development of pharmaceutical products. Our proven
technology platform allows us to rapidly engineer microbes and use them as living factories to metabolize renewable, plant-sourced
sugars into large volume, high-value hydrocarbon molecules. Using yeast as these living factories, our industrial fermentation
process replaces existing complex and expensive chemical manufacturing processes. We believe industrial synthetic biology represents
a third industrial revolution, bringing together biology and engineering to generate new, more sustainable materials to meet the
growing global demand for bio-based replacements for petroleum, animal-or plant-derived chemicals. We continue to work to build
demand for our current portfolio of products through a network of distributors and through direct sales, and are engaged in collaborations
across a variety of markets, including personal care, performance chemicals and industrials, to drive additional product sales
and partnership opportunities. 

Amyris was founded in 2003 in the San Francisco
Bay Area by a group of scientists from the University of California, Berkeley. Our first major milestone came in 2005 when, through
a grant from the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation, we developed technology capable of creating microbial strains that produce
artemisinic acid - a precursor of artemisinin, an effective anti-malarial drug. In 2008, we granted royalty-free licenses to allow
Sanofi-Aventis (or "Sanofi") to produce artemisinic acid using our technology. Since 2013, Sanofi has been distributing
millions of artemisinin-based anti-malarial treatments incorporating this artemisinic acid. Building on our success with artemisinic
acid, in 2007 we began applying our technology platform to develop, manufacture and sell sustainable alternatives to a broad range
of materials. 

We focused our initial development efforts primarily
on the production of Biofene   , our brand of renewable farnesene, a long-chain, branched hydrocarbon molecule that
we manufacture through fermentation using engineered microbes. Using farnesene as a first commercial building block molecule, we
have developed a wide range of renewable products for our various target markets, including cosmetics, F F, healthcare products
and fuels, and we are pursuing opportunities for the application of our technology in the pharmaceuticals market. Our technology
platform allows us to rapidly develop microbial strains to produce other target molecules, and, in 2014, we began manufacturing
additional molecules for the F F industry. 

Amyris  proprietary microbial engineering
and screening technologies have industrialized bioengineering of microbes, and most of our efforts to date have been focused on
engineering yeast. Our platform provides predictable and efficient  living factories  that allow us to convert plant-sourced
sugars, primarily sugarcane syrup, through fermentation, into high-value hydrocarbon molecules instead of low-value alcohol. We
are able to use a wide variety of feedstocks for production, but have focused on accessing Brazilian sugarcane for our large-scale
production because of its renewability, low cost and relative price stability. We have also successfully used other feedstocks
such as sugar beets, corn dextrose, sweet sorghum and cellulosic sugars at various manufacturing facilities. 

We are currently producing four molecules at
our industrial fermentation plant: artemisinic acid, farnesene and two fragrance molecules. We and our partners develop products
from these molecules for several target markets, including cosmetics, F F, solvents, polymers, industrials and healthcare products,
and we are pursuing arrangements with a number of drug companies for their use of our molecules to develop pharmaceutical products.
We are engaged in collaborations with multiple companies that are leaders within their respective markets, including affiliates
of Total S.A., the international energy company (or  Total ), and worldwide leaders in specialty chemicals, consumer
care, F F, food ingredients and health, and who sell our ingredients to hundreds of brands that serve millions of consumers. 

Our mission is to apply inspired science to
deliver sustainable solutions for a growing world. We seek to become the world s leading provider of renewable, high-performance
alternatives to non-renewable products. In the past, choosing a renewable product often required producers to compromise on performance
or price. With our technology, leading consumer brands can develop products made from renewable sources that offer equivalent or
better performance and stable supply with competitive pricing. We call this our No Compromise    value proposition.
We aim to improve the world one molecule at a time by providing the best alternatives to non-renewable products. 

We have developed and are operating our company
under a business model that generates cash from both collaborations and from product sales. We believe this combination will enable
us to realize our vision of becoming the world s leading renewable products company. 

Relationship with Total   

In July 2012 and December 2013, we entered into a series of agreements (or the  Total Fuel Agreements )
to establish a research and development program and form a joint venture with Total Energies Nouvelles Activit s USA (formerly
known as Total Gas   Power USA, SAS, and, together with its affiliates, referred to as  Total ) to produce and
commercialize farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel and jet fuels, and formed such joint venture, Total Amyris BioSolutions B.V.
(or  TAB ), in November 2013. With an exception for our fuels business in Brazil, the collaboration and joint venture
established the exclusive means for us to develop, produce and commercialize farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel and jet fuels.
We initially granted TAB exclusive licenses under certain of our intellectual property to make and sell joint venture products.
We also granted TAB, in the event of a buy-out of our interest in the joint venture by Total (which Total was entitled to do under
certain circumstances), a non-exclusive license to optimize or engineer yeast strains used by us to produce farnesene for the joint
venture s diesel and jet fuels. As a result of these licenses, we generally no longer had an independent right to make or
sell farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel and jet fuels fuels outside of Brazil without the approval of TAB. 

In addition, our agreements with Total relating
to our fuels collaboration created a convertible debt financing structure for funding the research and development program. The
Total Fuel Agreements contemplated approximately $105.0 million in financing (or  R D Notes ) for the collaboration,
which as of January 2015, had been completely funded by Total. 

In July 2015, we entered into a Letter Agreement
with Total (or, as amended in February 2016, the  TAB Letter Agreement ) regarding the restructuring of the ownership
and rights of TAB (or the  Restructuring ), pursuant to which the parties agreed to enter into an Amended   Restated
Jet Fuel License Agreement between us and TAB (or the  Jet Fuel Agreement ), a License Agreement regarding Diesel Fuel
in the European Union (or the  EU ) between us and Total (or the  EU Diesel Fuel Agreement  and together
with the Jet Fuel Agreement, the  Commercial Agreements ), and an Amended and Restated Shareholders  Agreement
among us, Total and TAB (or, together with the Commercial Agreements, the  Restructuring Agreements ), and file a Deed
of Amendment of Articles of Association of TAB, all in order to reflect certain changes to the ownership structure of TAB and license
grants and related rights pertaining to TAB. 

Additionally, in connection with the proposed
Restructuring, in July 2015, we and Total entered into Amendment #1 (or the "Pilot Plant Agreement Amendment") to that
certain Pilot Plant Services Agreement dated as of April 4, 2014 (or, as amended, the "Pilot Plant Agreement") whereby
we and Total agreed to restructure the payment obligations of Total under the Pilot Plant Agreement. Under the Pilot Plant Agreement,
for a five year period, we are providing certain fermentation and downstream separations scale-up services and training to Total
and, as originally contemplated, we were to receive an aggregate annual fee payable by Total for all services in the amount of
up to approximately $900,000 per annum. Such annual fee was due in three equal installments payable on March 1, July 1 and November
1 each year during the term of the Pilot Plant Agreement. Under the Pilot Plant Agreement Amendment, in connection with the restructuring
of TAB discussed above, we agreed to waive a portion of these fees up to approximately $2.0 million, over the term of the Pilot
Plant Agreement. 

On March 21, 2016, we, Total and TAB closed the Restructuring and
entered into the Restructuring Agreements. 

Under the Jet Fuel Agreement, (a) we granted
exclusive (co-exclusive in Brazil), world-wide, royalty-free rights to TAB for the production and commercialization of farnesene-
or farnesane-based jet fuel, (b) we granted TAB the option, until March 1, 2018, to purchase our Brazil jet fuel business at a
price based on the fair value of the commercial assets and on our investment in other related assets, (c) we granted TAB the right
to purchase farnesene or farnesane for its jet fuel business from us on a  most-favored  pricing basis and (d) all
rights to farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuel previously granted to TAB by us reverted back to us. 

Upon all farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel
fuel rights reverting back to us, we granted to Total, pursuant to the EU Diesel Fuel Agreement, (a) an exclusive, royalty-free
license to offer for sale and sell farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuel in the EU, (b) the non-exclusive right to make farnesene
or farnesane anywhere in the world, but Total must (i) use such farnesene or farnesane to produce only diesel fuel to offer for
sale or sell in the EU and (ii) pay us a to-be-negotiated, commercially reasonable,  most-favored  basis royalty and
(c) the right to purchase farnesene or farnesane for its EU diesel fuel business from us on a  most-favored  pricing
basis. 

As a result of these licenses, we generally
no longer have an independent right to make or sell, without the approval of Total, farnesene- or farnesane-based jet fuels outside
of Brazil or farnesane-based diesel fuels in the EU. 

In addition, as part of the closing of the Restructuring
and pursuant the TAB Letter Agreement, on March 21, 2016, we sold to Total one half of our ownership stake in TAB (giving Total
an aggregate ownership stake of 75% of TAB and giving us an aggregate ownership stake of 25% of TAB) in exchange for Total cancelling
(i) approximately $1.3 million of R D Notes, plus all paid-in-kind and accrued interest under all outstanding R D Notes
(including all such interest that was outstanding as of July 29, 2015) and (ii) a note in the principal amount of Euro 50,000,
plus accrued interest, issued to Total in connection with the original TAB capitalization. To satisfy its purchase obligation above,
Total surrendered to us the remaining R D Note of approximately $5 million in principal amount, and we executed and delivered
to Total a new, senior convertible note, containing substantially similar terms and conditions other than it is unsecured and its
payment terms are severed from TAB s business performance, in the principal amount of $3.7 million. 

As a result of, and in order to reflect, the
changes to the ownership structure of TAB described above, on March 21, 2016, (a) we, Total and TAB entered into an Amended and
Restated Shareholders  Agreement and filed a Deed of Amendment of Articles of Association of TAB and (b) we and Total terminated
the Amended and Restated Master Framework Agreement, dated December 2, 2013 and amended on April 1, 2015, between us and Total.
See Note 5,  Debt ,  Note 7,  Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling Interest  and Note 13,  Related
Party Transactions  for additional details regarding our relationship with Total. 

Sales and Revenues   

Our revenues are comprised of product revenues
and grants and collaborations revenues. We generate the substantial majority of our product revenues from sales to distributors
or collaborators and only a small portion from direct sales, although we have begun to market and sell some of our products directly
to end-consumers, initially in the cosmetics and industrial cleaning markets. To commercialize our initial Biofene-derived product,
squalane, in the cosmetics sector for use as an emollient, we have entered into certain marketing and distribution agreements in
Europe, Asia, and North America. As an initial step towards commercialization of Biofene-based diesel, we entered into agreements
with municipal fleet operators in Brazil. Pursuant to our agreements with Total, as discussed above, future commercialization of
our jet fuel products outside of Brazil and our diesel fuel products in the EU would generally occur exclusively through certain
agreements entered into by and among Amyris, Total and TAB. For the industrial lubricants market, we established a joint venture
with Cosan U.S. for the worldwide development, production and commercialization of renewable base oils in the lubricant sector.
We have also entered into certain supply agreements with customers in the F F industry to commercialize products derived from
our fragrance molecules. In addition, we have entered into research and development collaboration arrangements pursuant to which
we receive payments from our collaborators, which include Total, Manufacture Francaise de Pnematiques Michelin, The Defense Advanced
Research Projects Agency, Givaudan International, SA and Cosan US, Inc. Some of such collaboration arrangements include advance
payments in consideration for grants of exclusivity or research efforts to be performed by us. Once a collaboration agreement has
been signed, receipt of payments may depend on our achievement of milestones. See Note 8,  Significant Agreements 
for more details regarding these agreements and arrangements. 

Financing   

In 2015, and through the third quarter of 2016, we completed multiple financings involving
loans, convertible debt, non-convertible debt, mezzanine equity and equity offerings. 

In January 2015, we closed a second installment
of the $21.7 million in convertible notes from Total under the Total Fuel Agreements, as described in more detail in Note 5, "Debt"
to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report, in the amount of $10.85 million. 

In July 2015, we sold to certain purchasers
16,025,642 shares of our common stock at a price per share of $1.56, for aggregate proceeds to us of $25 million. We also granted
to the purchasers warrants exercisable at an exercise price of $0.01 per share for the purchase of an aggregate of 1,602,562 shares
of our common stock. The exercisability of these warrants was subject to stockholder approval, which was obtained on September
17, 2015. 

In October 2015, we issued $57.6 million aggregate
principal amount of 9.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019 to certain qualified institutional buyers, as described in more detail
in Note 5,  Debt  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 

In February 2016, we issued to certain purchasers
an aggregate of $20.0 million of unsecured promissory notes and warrants for the purchase, at an exercise price of $0.01 per share,
of an aggregate of 2,857,142 shares of our common stock, as described in more detail in Note 5,  Debt  to our unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. The exercisability of these warrants was subject to stockholder
approval, which was obtained on May 17, 2016. 

In March 2016, we sold to Total one half of our ownership stake in
TAB in exchange for Total cancelling $1.3 million of R D Notes and certain other indebtedness, as described in more detail
under  Relationship with Total  above and in Note 5,  Debt  and Note 7,  Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling
Interest  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 

In May 2016, we sold and issued 4,385,964 shares
of common stock to the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation at a purchase price per share of $1.14, as described in more detail
in Note 8,  Significant Agreements.  

In May and September 2016, we sold and issued
$13.0 million in aggregate principal amount of convertible promissory notes to a private investor, as described in more detail
in Note 5,  Debt  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 

See Note 18,  Subsequent Events 
to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for details regarding financing transactions
completed subsequent to September 30, 2016. 

Exchange (debt conversion)   

On July 29, 2015, we closed the "Exchange"
pursuant to that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2015 (the   Exchange Agreement  ), among us, Maxwell
(Mauritius) Pte Ltd (or  Temasek ) and Total. 

Under the Exchange Agreement, at the closing,
Temasek exchanged approximately $71.0 million in principal of outstanding convertible promissory notes (including paid-in-kind
and accrued interest through July 29, 2015) and Total exchanged $70.0 million in principal amount of outstanding convertible promissory
notes for shares of the Company s common stock. The exchange price was $2.30 per share (the  Exchange Price )
and was paid by the exchange and cancellation of such outstanding convertible promissory notes, and Temasek and Total received
30,860,633 and 30,434,782 shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, in the Exchange. 

Under the Exchange Agreement, Total also received
the following warrants, each with a five-year term, at the closing: 

A warrant to purchase 2,000,000 shares of our common stock that will only be exercisable if we fail, as
of March 1, 2017, to achieve a target cost per liter to manufacture farnesene (or the  Total R D Warrant ). The
Total Funding Warrant and the Total R D Warrant are collectively referred to as the  Total Warrants.    

Additionally, under the Exchange Agreement,
Temasek received the following warrants: 

A warrant exercisable for that number of shares of our common stock equal to (1) (A) the number of shares
for which Total exercises the Total Funding Warrant plus (B) the number of additional shares for which the certain convertible
notes remaining outstanding following the completion of the Exchange may become exercisable as a result of a reduction in the conversion
price of such remaining notes as a result of and/or subsequent to the date of the Exchange plus (C) that number of additional shares
in excess of 2,000,000, if any, for which the Total R D Warrant becomes exercisable multiplied by a fraction equal to 30.6%
divided by 69.4% plus (2) (A) the number of any additional shares for which certain other outstanding convertible promissory notes
may become exercisable as a result of a reduction to the conversion price of such notes multiplied by (B) a fraction equal to 13.3%
divided by 86.7% (or the  Temasek Funding Warrant ).   

A warrant exercisable for that number of shares of our common stock equal to 880,339 multiplied by a fraction
equal to the number of shares for which Total exercises the Total R D Warrant divided by 2,000,000. If Total is entitled to,
and does, exercise the Total R D Warrant in full, this warrant would be exercisable for 880,339 shares (or the  Temasek
R D Warrant ).   

The Temasek Exchange Warrant, the Temasek Funding
Warrant and the Temasek R D Warrant each have ten-year terms and are referred to herein as the  Temasek Warrants 
and, the Temasek Warrants and Total Warrants are hereinafter collectively referred to as the  Exchange Warrants . All
of the Exchange Warrants have an exercise price of $0.01 per share. 

In addition to the grant of the Exchange Warrants, a warrant issued by the Company to Temasek in October
2013 in conjunction with a prior convertible debt financing (or the  2013 Warrant ) became exercisable in full upon
the completion of the Exchange. There were 1,000,000 shares underlying the 2013 Warrant, which was exercised in full at the exercise
price of $0.01 per share. 

The exercisability of all of the Exchange Warrants was subject to
stockholder approval, which was obtained on September 17, 2015. 

In February and May 2016, as a result of the adjustments to the conversion price of our senior convertible
notes issued in October 2013 (or the  Tranche I Notes ) and January 2014 (or the  Tranche II Notes ) discussed
in Note 5,  Debt  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report, the Temasek
Funding Warrant became exercisable for an additional 127,194 and 2,335,342 shares of common stock, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Total Funding Warrant, the Temasek Exchange Warrant, and the 2013 Warrant had
been fully exercised, and Temasek had exercised the Temasek Funding Warrant with respect to 12,700,244 shares of our common stock.
Neither the Total R D Warrant nor the Temasek R D Warrant were exercisable as of September 30, 2016. Warrants to purchase
2,462,536 shares of common stock under the Temasek Funding Warrant were unexercised as of September 30, 2016. 

Maturity Treatment Agreement  

At the closing of the Exchange, we, Total and Temasek also entered into a Maturity Treatment Agreement, dated
as of July 29, 2015, pursuant to which Total and Temasek agreed to convert any of our convertible promissory notes held by them
that were not cancelled in the Exchange (or the  Remaining Notes ) into shares of our common stock in accordance with
the terms of such Remaining Notes upon maturity, provided that certain events of default have not occurred with respect to the
applicable Remaining Notes prior to such maturity. As of immediately following the closing of the Exchange and September 30, 2016,
Temasek held $10.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Remaining Notes and Total held approximately $25.0 million and $28.9
million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of Remaining Notes. 

Liquidity   

We have incurred significant losses since our inception and believe that we will continue to incur losses
and negative cash flow from operations through at least 2017. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $1,085.7
million and had cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of $2.3 million. We have significant outstanding debt and contractual
obligations related to capital and operating leases, as well as purchase commitments. Refer to "Liquidity and Capital Resources"
for further details. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   

Revenues   

Our total revenues increased by $18.0 million
to $26.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily
due to a $15.4 million increase in grants and collaborations revenues. 

Product sales increased by $2.6 million to
$6.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due
to the increases in product sales, primarily in the personal care segment. 

Grants and collaborations revenues increased
by $15.4 million to $19.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year,
primarily due to the collaboration revenue for the transfer of certain intellectual property to Ginkgo under the Ginkgo Collaboration
Agreement. 

Cost and Operating Expenses   

Our cost of products sold includes cost of raw materials, labor and overhead, amounts paid to contract manufacturers,
periodic costs related to inventory write-downs resulting from applying lower of cost or market inventory valuations, and costs
related to scale-up in production of such products. Our cost of products sold increased by $6.4 million to $14.9 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by product mix,
higher inventory provisions and higher excess capacity charges based on timing of production at our manufacturing facilities, and
higher raw materials costs. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Our research and development expenses increased by $2.0 million to $12.3 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily as a result of increases of $0.4 million in
consulting and outside services expenses, $0.9 million from facilities expenses, $0.4 million related to technology access and
$0.3 million in salaries and benefits. 

Sales, General and Administrative Expenses   

Our sales, general and administrative expenses decreased by $2.7 million to $11.4 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily as a result of our cost reduction efforts.
The decrease was attributable to a $1.1 million reduction in consulting and outside services, $0.7 million reduction in facilities
expenses and $0.9 million reductions in salaries and benefits and depreciation expense. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Total other expense decreased by approximately
$36.8 million to $7.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year.
The decrease was primarily attributable to a $8.6 million decrease in interest expense due to lower accelerated interest accretion
and a decrease of $20.9 million in the loss from change in fair value of derivative instruments, attributed to the compound embedded
derivative liabilities associated with our senior convertible promissory notes and the change in fair value of our interest rate
swap derivative liability. The change was driven by fluctuation of various inputs used in the valuation models from one reporting
period to another, such as stock price, credit risk rate and estimated stock volatility. 

Comparison of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   

Revenues   

Our total revenues increased by $20.6 million
to $45.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily
due to a $15.4 million increase in grants and collaborations revenues. 

Product sales increased by $5.2 million to $14.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as
compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the increases in product sales led by personal care business. 

Grants and collaborations revenues increased by $15.4 million to $30.1 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, primarily due to the collaboration revenue for the transfer of certain intellectual property to Ginkgo under the Ginkgo
Collaboration Agreement. 

Cost and Operating Expenses   

Our cost of products sold includes cost of raw materials, labor and overhead, amounts paid to contract manufacturers,
period costs related to inventory write-downs resulting from applying lower of cost or market inventory valuations, and costs related
to scale-up in production of such products. Our cost of products sold increased by $7.9 million to $33.9 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily driven by product mix and higher excess
capacity charges based on timing of production at our manufacturing facilities, and higher materials costs. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Our research and development expenses increased by $3.9 million to $37.4 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily as a result of an increase of $1.5 million
in consulting and outside services and $2.4 million in facilities and rent expense. 

Sales, General and Administrative Expenses   

Our sales, general and administrative expenses decreased by $7.8 million to $35.1 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily as a result of decrease of $3.6 million
in consulting and outside services expenses, $2.0 million in salaries and benefits, $1.3 million in facilities expenses and $1.0
million in stock-based compensation expense, offset by an increase of $0.1 million in office expense. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Total other income increased by $101.5 million to $13.3 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, as compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to a $45.0 million decrease in
interest expense as a result of lower accelerated interest accretion, and an increase of $52.1 million in the gain from change
in fair value of derivative instruments, attributed to the compound embedded derivative liabilities associated with certain of
our senior secured convertible promissory notes and the change in fair value of our interest rate swap derivative liability. The
decrease in interest expense is due to lower accelerated interest accretion and the change in the fair value of the derivative
instruments was driven by fluctuation of various inputs used in the valuation models from one reporting period to another, such
as stock price, credit risk rate and estimated stock volatility. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Working Capital Deficit.  Our working capital deficit, excluding cash and cash equivalents, was $111.2 million at September 30,
2016, which represents an increase of $58.1 million compared to a working capital deficit of $53.1 million at December 31, 2015.
The increase of $58.1 million in working capital deficit during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an
increase of $38.7 million in current portion of debt, $10.6 million in accrued and other current liabilities, $5.8 million in accounts
payable, $0.6 million in deferred revenue and $0.4 million in current capital lease obligations, together with decreases of $3.0
million in inventory, and $0.3 million in other prepaid expense, offset by increases of $1.1 million in accounts receivable, and
$0.2 million in short term investments. 

To support production of our products in contract
manufacturing and dedicated production facilities, we have incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, capital expenditures as
we invest in these facilities. We plan to continue to seek external debt and equity financing from U.S. and Brazilian sources to
help fund our investment in these contract manufacturing and dedicated production facilities. 

We expect to fund our operations for the foreseeable
future with cash and investments currently on hand, cash inflows from collaboration and grant funding, cash contributions from
product sales, and proceeds from new debt and equity financings as well as strategic asset divestments. Some of our anticipated
financing sources, such as research and development collaborations, debt and equity financings and strategic asset divestments,
are subject to risk that we cannot meet milestones, are not yet subject to definitive agreements or mandatory funding commitments
and, if needed, we may not be able to secure additional types of financing in a timely manner or on reasonable terms, if at all.
Our planned 2016 working capital needs and our planned operating and capital expenditures for 2016 are dependent on significant
inflows of cash from renewable product revenues, existing collaboration partners and funds under existing equity facilities, as
well as additional funding from new collaborations, new debt and equity financings and expected proceeds from strategic asset divestments.
We will continue to need to fund our research and development and related activities and to provide working capital to fund production,
storage, distribution and other aspects of our business. 

Liquidity . We have incurred significant losses since our inception and believe that we will continue to incur losses
and have negative cash flow from operations through at least 2017. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit
of $1,085.7 million and had cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of $2.3 million. In March 2016, we entered into
an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement under which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering
price of up to $50.0 million from time to time in  at the market  offerings under our Registration Statement on Form
S-3 (File No. 333-203216). This agreement includes no commitment by other parties to purchase shares we offer for sale. See
Note 8,  Significant Agreements  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report
for further details. As of the date hereof, $50.0 million remained available for future issuance under this facility. In addition,
on September 2, 2016, we sold and issued $3.0 million in convertible promissory notes to a private investor. Refer to Note 5,  Debt 
to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for further details. We have significant outstanding
debt and contractual obligations related to capital and operating leases, as well as purchase commitments. 

As of September 30, 2016, our debt, net of discount and issuance costs of $36.1 million, totaled to
$175.6 million, of which $75.0 million is classified as current. In addition to upcoming debt maturities, our debt service obligations
over the next twelve months are significant, including $16.2 million of anticipated interest payments. Our debt agreements also
contain various covenants, including restrictions on our business that could cause us to be at risk of defaults, such as the requirement
to maintain unrestricted, unencumbered cash in defined U.S. bank accounts in an amount equal to at least 50% of the principal amount
outstanding under our Senior Secured Loan Facility. As discussed above, in connection with the execution by the Company and Ginkgo
Bioworks, Inc., an affiliate of Stegodon, of certain commercial agreements (see Note 8,  Significant Agreements  to
our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this report for further details), on June 29, 2016, the Company received
a waiver of compliance with such covenant through October 31, 2016 and on October 6, 2016, the Company and Stegodon entered into
an amendment to the loan facility pursuant to which, among other things, Stegodon waived such covenant until the maturity date
of the facility. A failure to comply with the covenants and other provisions of our debt instruments, including any failure to
make a payment when required would generally result in events of default under such instruments, which could permit acceleration
of such indebtedness. If such indebtedness is accelerated, it would generally also constitute an event of default under our other
outstanding indebtedness, permitting acceleration of such other outstanding indebtedness. Any required repayment of our indebtedness
as a result of acceleration or otherwise would lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have those funds available
for use in our business or for payment of other outstanding indebtedness. Refer to Note 5, "Debt", Note 6,  Commitments
and Contingencies  and Note 18,  Subsequent Events  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included
in this report for further details of our debt arrangements. 

Our condensed consolidated financial statements
as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared on the basis that the Company will continue as a going
concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Our ability
to continue as a going concern will depend, in large part, on our ability to obtain necessary financing, which is uncertain. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty, which could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, if we are unable to continue as a going concern, we may be unable
to meet our obligations under our existing debt facilities, which could result in an acceleration of our obligation to repay all
amounts outstanding under those facilities, and we may be forced to liquidate our assets. In such a scenario, the values we receive
for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. 

Our operating plan for 2016 contemplates a significant reduction in our net cash outflows, resulting from
(i) revenue growth from sales of existing and new products with positive gross margins, (ii) reduced production costs as a result
of manufacturing and technical developments, (iii) increased cash inflows from collaborations, (iv) reduced operating expenses,
(v) access to various financing commitments, and (vi) strategic asset divestments (see Note 5,  Debt  and Note 8,  Significant
Agreements  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for details of financing
commitments). 

If we are unable to generate sufficient cash
contributions from product sales, payments from existing and new collaboration partners and strategic asset divestments and draw
sufficient funds from certain financing commitments due to contractual restrictions and covenants, we will need to obtain additional
funding from equity or debt financings, agree to burdensome covenants, grant further security interests in our assets, enter into
collaboration and licensing arrangements that require us to relinquish commercial rights, or grant licenses on terms that are not
favorable. 

If we are unable to raise additional financing,
or if other expected sources of funding are delayed or not received, our ability to continue as a going concern would be jeopardized
and we would take the following actions to support our liquidity needs through the remainder of 2016 and into 2017: 

Effect significant headcount reductions, particularly with respect to employees not connected to critical or contracted activities
across all functions of the Company, including employees involved in general and administrative, research and development, and
production activities.   

Shift focus to existing products and customers with significantly reduced investment in new product and commercial development
efforts.   

Reduce production activity at our Brotas manufacturing facility to levels only sufficient to satisfy volumes required for product
revenues forecast from existing products and customers.   

Reduce expenditures for third party contractors, including consultants, professional advisors and other vendors.   

Reduce or delay uncommitted capital expenditures, including non-essential facility and lab equipment, and information technology
projects.   

Closely monitor our working capital position with customers and suppliers, as well as suspend operations at pilot plants and
demonstration facilities.   

Implementing this plan could have a negative
impact on our ability to continue our business as currently contemplated, including, without limitation, delays or failures in
our ability to: 

Achieve planned production levels;   

Develop and commercialize products within planned timelines or at planned scales; and   

Continue other core activities.   

Furthermore, any inability to scale-back operations
as necessary, and any unexpected liquidity needs, could create pressure to implement more severe measures. Such measures could
have an adverse effect on our ability to meet contractual requirements, including obligations to maintain manufacturing operations,
and increase the severity of the consequences described above. 

Collaboration Funding.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received $23.0 million in cash from collaborations, including
$7.8 million under flavors and fragrances collaboration agreements. 

We depend on collaboration funding to support
our research and development and operating expenses. While part of this funding is committed based on existing collaboration agreements,
we will be required to identify and obtain funding from additional collaborations. In addition, some of our existing collaboration
funding is subject to our achievement of milestones or other funding conditions. 

If we cannot secure sufficient collaboration funding to support our operating expenses in excess of cash
contributions from product sales, existing debt and equity financings and strategic asset divestments, we may need to issue preferred
and/or discounted equity, agree to onerous covenants, grant further security interests in our assets, and enter into collaboration
and licensing arrangements that require us to relinquish commercial rights or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to
us. If we fail to secure such funding, we could be forced to curtail our operations, which would have a material adverse effect
on our ability to continue with our business plans. 

Government Contracts . In September 2015,
we entered into a Technology Investment Agreement (the  TIA ) with The Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (or
 DARPA ) under which we, with the assistance of five specialized subcontractors, will work to create new research and
development tools and technologies for strain engineering and scale-up activities. The program that is the subject of the TIA is
being performed and funded on a milestone basis. Under the TIA, we and our subcontractors could collectively receive DARPA funding
of up to $35.0 million over the program s four year term if all of the program s milestones are achieved. In conjunction
with DARPA s funding, we and our subcontractors are obligated to collectively contribute approximately $15.5 million toward
the program over its four year term (primarily by providing specified labor and/or purchasing certain equipment). We can elect
to retain title to the patentable inventions we produce in the program, but DARPA receives certain data rights as well as a government
purposes license to certain of such inventions. Either party may, upon written notice and subject to certain consultation obligations,
terminate the TIA upon a reasonable determination that the program will not produce beneficial results commensurate with the expenditure
of resources. We recognized $4.8 million in revenue under this agreement during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
Total cash received under this agreement as of September 30, 2016 was $4.8 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

Convertible Note Offerings.  In February 2012, we sold $25.0 million in principal amount of senior unsecured convertible promissory notes
due March 1, 2017 as described in more detail in Note 5, "Debt" to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this report. 

In July and September 2012, we issued $53.3 million worth of 1.5% Senior Unsecured Convertible Notes to Total
under the July 2012 Agreements for an aggregate of $30.0 million in cash proceeds and our repayment of $23.3 million in previously-provided
research and development funds pursuant to the Total Purchase Agreement as described in more detail under "Related Party Convertible
Notes" in Note 5, "Debt" to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. As
part of our December 2012 private placement, we issued 1,677,852 shares of our common stock in exchange for the cancellation of
$5.0 million of an outstanding senior unsecured convertible promissory note held by Total. 

In June 2013, we issued a 1.5% Senior Unsecured
Convertible Note to Total with a principal amount of $10.0 million with a March 1, 2017 maturity date pursuant to the Total
Fuel Agreements. In July 2013, we sold and issued a 1.5% Senior Unsecured Convertible Note to Total with a principal amount
of $20.0 million with a March 1, 2017 maturity date pursuant to the Total Fuel Agreements. 

In August 2013, we entered into an agreement with Total and Temasek to issue up to $73.0 million in convertible
promissory notes in private placements over a period of up to 24 months from the date of signing as described in more detail in
Note 5, "Debt" to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report (such agreement referred
to as the August 2013 SPA and such financing referred to as the August 2013 Financing). The August 2013 Financing was divided
into two tranches (one for $42.6 million and one for $30.4 million). Of the total possible purchase price in the financing, $25.0
million was to be paid in the form of cash by Temasek $25.0 million in the second tranche), $35.0 million was paid by the exchange
and cancellation of the Temasek Bridge Note, as described below, and $13.0 million was to be paid by cancellation of outstanding
convertible promissory notes held by Total in connection with its exercise of pro rata rights ($7.6 million in the first tranche
and $5.4 million in the second tranche). 

On October 4, 2013, we issued a senior secured
promissory note in the principal amount of $35.0 million (or the "Temasek Bridge Note") to Temasek for cash proceeds
of $35.0 million. The Temasek Bridge Note was due on February 2, 2014 and accrued interest at a rate of 5.5% per month from October
4, 2013. The Temasek Bridge Note was cancelled as payment for Temasek's purchase of a first tranche convertible note in the initial
closing of the August 2013 Financing, as described below. 

In October 2013, we amended the August 2013 SPA to include certain entities affiliated with FMR LLC (or the
 Fidelity Entities ) in the first tranche closing (participating for a principal amount of $7.6 million), and to proportionally
increase the amount acquired by exchange and cancellation of outstanding convertible promissory notes by Total to $14.6 million
($9.2 million in the first tranche and up to $5.4 million in the second tranche). Also in October 2013, we completed the closing
of the Tranche I Notes for cash proceeds of $7.6 million and cancellation of outstanding convertible promissory notes of $44.2
million, of which $35.0 million resulted from the cancellation of the Temasek Bridge Note. In December 2013, we amended the August
2013 SPA to sell $3.0 million of senior convertible notes under the second tranche of the August 2013 Financing to funds affiliated
with Wolverine Asset Management, LLC and we elected to call $25.0 million in additional funds from Temasek pursuant to its previous
commitment to purchase such amount of convertible promissory notes in the second tranche. Additionally, pursuant to that amendment,
we sold approximately $6.0 million of convertible promissory notes in the second tranche to Total through cancellation of the same
amount of principal of previously outstanding convertible notes held by Total (in respect of Total s preexisting contractual
right to maintain its pro rata ownership position through such cancellation of indebtedness). The closing of the sale of such Tranche
II Notes under the December amendment to the August 2013 SPA occurred in January 2014. The August 2013 Financing is more fully
described in Note 5, "Debt" to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report. 

In December 2013, in connection with our entry
into agreements establishing our joint venture with Total, we exchanged the $69.0 million of the then-outstanding Total unsecured
convertible notes issued pursuant to the Total Fuel Agreements for replacement 1.5% Senior Secured Convertible Notes, in principal
amounts equal to the principal amount of the cancelled notes. 

In May 2014, we issued $75.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Company s 6.50% Convertible
Senior Notes due 2019 to Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC as the Initial Purchaser in a private placement, and for initial resale by
the Initial Purchaser to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act (the  2014 144A Offering ).
The 2014 144A Offering is described in more detail in Note 5, "Debt" to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this report. 

In each of July 2014 and January 2015,
we issued 1.5% Senior Secured Convertible Notes to Total pursuant to the Total Fuel Agreements. The aggregate principal amount
of these two notes was $21.7 million and each of such notes has a March 1, 2017 maturity date. 

In July 2015, Temasek exchanged approximately
$71.0 million in principal amount of outstanding convertible promissory notes and Total exchanged $70.0 million in principal amount
of outstanding convertible promissory notes for shares of the Company s common stock, as further described above under  Exchange
(debt conversion) . 

In October 2015, we issued $57.6 million in aggregate principal amount of the Company's 9.50% Convertible
Senior Notes due 2019 (or the "2015 144A Notes"), which were sold only to qualified institutional buyers and institutional
accredited investors in a private placement (or the "2015 144A Offering") under the Securities Act. The 2015 144A Offering
is described in more detail in Note 5, "Debt" to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in
this report. 

In March 2016, we sold to Total one half of our ownership stake in TAB in exchange for Total cancelling $1.3
million of R D Notes and certain other indebtedness, as described in more detail under  Relationship with Total 
above and in Note 5,  Debt  and Note 7,  Joint Ventures and Noncontrolling Interest  to our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements included in this report. 

In May and September 2016, we issued $13.0
million in aggregate principal amount of convertible promissory notes to a private investor in an offering registered under the
Securities Act, as described in more detail in Note 5,  Debt  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this report. 

See Note 18,  Subsequent Events 
to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report for details regarding convertible note offerings
completed subsequent to September 30, 2016. 

Export Financing with ABC Brasil . In
March 2013, we entered into a one-year export financing agreement with ABC for approximately $2.5 million to fund exports
through March 2014. This loan was collateralized by future exports from our subsidiary in Brazil. As of September 30, 2016,
the loan was fully paid. 

In March 2014, we entered into an additional
one-year-term export financing agreement with ABC for approximately $2.2 million to fund exports through March 2015. This loan
is collateralized by future exports from our subsidiary in Brazil. As of September 30, 2016, the loan was fully paid. 

In April 2015, we entered into an additional
one-year-term export financing agreement with ABC for approximately $1.6 million to fund exports through April 2016. This loan
is collateralized by future exports from our subsidiary in Brazil. As of September 30, 2016, the loan was fully paid. 

Banco Pine/Nossa Caixa Financing . In
July 2012, we entered into a Note of Bank Credit and a Fiduciary Conveyance of Movable Goods agreement with each of Nossa Caixa
and Banco Pine. Under these instruments, we borrowed an aggregate of R$52.0 million (approximately US$16.0 million based on the
exchange rate as of September 30, 2016) as financing for capital expenditures relating to our manufacturing facility in Brotas,
Brazil. Under the loan agreements, Banco Pine agreed to lend R$22.0 million and Nossa Caixa agreed to lend R$30.0 million. The
loans have a final maturity date of July 15, 2022 and bear a fixed interest rate of 5.5% per year. The loans are also subject
to early maturity and delinquency charges upon occurrence of certain events including interruption of manufacturing activities
at our manufacturing facility in Brotas, Brazil for more than 30 days, except during sugarcane off-season. The loans are secured
by certain of our farnesene production assets at the manufacturing facility in Brotas, Brazil and we were required to provide parent
guarantees to each of the lenders. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, a principal amount of $11.7 million and $11.0
million, respectively, was outstanding under these loan agreements. 

BNDES Credit Facility . In December 2011,
we entered into a credit facility with Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econ mico e Social (or BNDES), a government-owned
bank headquartered in Brazil (or the "BNDES Credit Facility") to finance a production site in Brazil. The BNDES Credit
Facility was for R$22.4 million (approximately US$6.9 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). The credit
line is divided into an initial tranche for up to approximately R$19.1 million and an additional tranche of approximately R$3.3
million that becomes available upon delivery of additional guarantees. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we
had R$4.8 million (approximately US$1.5 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016) and R$7.6 million (approximately
US$1.9 million based on the exchange rate as of December 31, 2015), respectively, in outstanding advances under the BNDES
Credit Facility. 

The principal of loans under the BNDES Credit
Facility is required to be repaid in 60 monthly installments, with the first installment due in January 2013 and the last due in
December 2017. Interest was initially due on a quarterly basis with the first installment due in March 2012. From and after January
2013, interest payments are due on a monthly basis together with principal payments. The loaned amounts carry interest of 7% per
year. Additionally, there is a credit reserve charge of 0.1% on the unused balance from each credit installment from the day immediately
after it is made available through its date of use, when it is paid. 

The BNDES Credit Facility is collateralized
by first priority security interest in certain of our equipment and other tangible assets totaling R$24.9 million (approximately
US$7.7 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). We are a parent guarantor for the payment of the outstanding
balance under the BNDES Credit Facility. Additionally, we were required to provide a bank guarantee equal to 10% of the total approved
amount (R$22.4 million in total debt) available under the BNDES Credit Facility. For advances in the second tranche (above R$19.1
million), we are required to provide additional bank guarantees equal to 90% of each such advance, plus additional Amyris guarantees
equal to at least 130% of such advance. The BNDES Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including payment failures,
failure to satisfy other obligations under the credit facility or related documents, defaults in respect of other indebtedness,
bankruptcy, insolvency and inability to pay debts when due, material judgments, and changes in control of Amyris Brasil. If any
event of default occurs, BNDES may terminate its commitments and declare immediately due all borrowings under the facility. 

FINEP Credit Facility.  In November 2010,
we entered into a credit facility with Financiadora de Estudos e Projetos (or "FINEP"), a state-owned company subordinated
to the Brazilian Ministry of Science and Technology (or the  FINEP Credit Facility ) to finance a research and development
project on sugarcane-based biodiesel (or the  FINEP Project ) and provided for loans of up to an aggregate principal
amount of R$6.4 million (approximately US$2.0 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016) which are secured
by a chattel mortgage on certain equipment of Amyris as well as by bank letters of guarantee. All available credit under this facility
was fully drawn. As of September 30, 2016, the total outstanding loan balance under this credit facility was R$2.5 million
(approximately US$0.8 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). 

Interest on loans drawn under the FINEP Credit
Facility is fixed at 5.0% per annum. In case of default under, or non-compliance with, the terms of the agreement, the interest
on loans will be dependent on the long-term interest rate as published by the Central Bank of Brazil (such rate, the  TJLP ).
If the TJLP at the time of default is greater than 6%, then the interest will be 5.0% plus a TJLP adjustment factor otherwise the
interest will be at 11.0% per annum. In addition, a fine of up to 10.0% will apply to the amount of any obligation in default.
Interest on late balances will be 1.0% interest per month, levied on the overdue amount. Payment of the outstanding loan balance
is being made in 81 monthly installments, which commenced in July 2012 and extends through March 2019. Interest on loans drawn
and other charges are paid on a monthly basis and commenced in March 2011. 

Senior Secured Loan Facility.  In March
2014, we entered into the Senior Secured Loan Facility to make available a loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of up
to $25.0 million, which loan facility was fully drawn at the closing. The initial loan of $25.0 million under the Senior Secured
Loan Facility accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of either the prime rate reported in the Wall Street Journal
plus 6.25% or 9.5%. We may repay the outstanding amounts under the Senior Secured Credit Facility before the maturity date (February
1, 2017) if we pay an additional fee of 1% of the outstanding amounts. We were also required to pay a 1% facility charge at the
closing of the Senior Secured Credit Facility, and are required to pay a 10% end of term charge with respect to the initial loan
of $25.0 million. In connection with the original Senior Secured Loan Facility, Amyris agreed to certain customary representations
and warranties and covenants, as well as certain covenants that were subsequently amended (as described below). 

In June 2014, we and Hercules entered into a
first amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility. Pursuant to the first amendment, the parties agreed to adjust the term loan
maturity date from May 31, 2015 to February 1, 2017 and remove (i) a requirement for us to pay a forbearance fee of $10.0
million in the event certain covenants were not satisfied, (ii) a covenant that we maintain positive cash flow commencing with
the fiscal quarter beginning October 1, 2014, (iii) a covenant that, beginning with the fiscal quarter beginning July 1, 2014,
we and our subsidiaries achieve certain projected cash product revenues and projected cash product gross profits, and (iv) an obligation
for us to file a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC by no later than June 30, 2014 and complete an equity financing
of more than $50.0 million by no later than September 30, 2014. We further agreed to include a new covenant requiring us to
maintain unrestricted, unencumbered cash in an amount equal to at least 50% of the principal amount then outstanding under the
Senior Secured Loan Facility (or the  Minimum Cash Covenant ) and borrow an additional $5.0 million. The additional
$5.0 million borrowing was completed in June 2014, and accrues interest at a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) the prime
rate reported in the Wall Street Journal plus 5.25% and (ii) 8.5%. 

In March 2015, the Company and Hercules entered
into a second amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility. Pursuant to the second amendment, the parties agreed to, among other
things, establish an additional credit facility in the principal amount of up to $15.0 million, which would be available to be
drawn by the Company through the earlier of March 31, 2016 or such time as the Company raised an aggregate of at least $20.0 million
through the sale of new equity securities. The additional facility was cancelled undrawn upon the completion of our private stock
and warrant offering in July 2015. 

In November 2015, the Company and Hercules entered into a third amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility.
Pursuant to the third amendment, the Company borrowed an additional $10,960,000 (or the  Third Amendment Borrowed Amount )
from Hercules on November 30, 2015. As of December 1, 2015, after the funding of the Third Amendment Borrowed Amount (and including
repayment of $9.1 million of principal that had occurred prior to the third amendment), the aggregate principal amount outstanding
under the Senior Secured Loan Facility was approximately $31.7 million. The Third Amendment Borrowed Amount accrues interest at
a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) 9.5% and (ii) the prime rate reported in the Wall Street Journal plus 6.25%, and,
like the previous loans under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, has a maturity date of February 1, 2017. Upon the earlier of the
maturity date, prepayment in full or such obligations otherwise becoming due and payable, in addition to repaying the outstanding
Third Amendment Borrowed Amount (and all other amounts owed under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, as amended), the Company is
also required to pay an end-of-term charge of $767,200. Pursuant to the third amendment, the Company also paid Hercules fees of
$1.0 million, $750,000 of which was owed in connection with the expired $15.0 million facility under the second amendment and $250,000
of which was related to the Third Amendment Borrowed Amount. Under the third amendment, the parties agreed that the Company would,
commencing on December 1, 2015, be required to pay only the interest accruing on all outstanding loans under the Senior Secured
Loan Facility until February 29, 2016. Commencing on March 1, 2016, the Company would have been required to begin repaying principal
of all loans under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, in addition to the applicable interest. However, pursuant to the third amendment,
the Company could, by achieving certain cash inflow targets in 2016, extend the interest-only period to December 1, 2016. Upon
the issuance by the Company of $20.0 million of unsecured promissory notes and warrants in a private placement in February 2016
for aggregate cash proceeds of $20.0 million, the Company satisfied the conditions for extending the interest-only period to May
31, 2016. On June 1, 2016, the Company commenced the repayment of outstanding principal under the Senior Secured Loan Facility.
In June 2016, the Company was notified by Hercules that it had transferred and assigned its rights and obligations under the Senior
Secured Loan Facility to Stegodon. On June 29, 2016, in connection with the execution by the Company and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc.,
an affiliate of Stegodon, of an initial strategic partnership agreement, the Company received a deferment of all scheduled principal
repayments under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, as well as a waiver of the Minimum Cash Covenant, through October 31, 2016.
Refer to Note 8,  Significant Agreements  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this report
for additional details. On October 6, 2016, in connection with the execution by the Company and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. of a definitive
collaboration agreement, the Company and Stegodon entered into a fourth amendment of the Senior Secured Loan Facility, pursuant
to which the parties agreed to (i) subject to the Company extending the maturity of certain of its other outstanding indebtedness,
extend the maturity date of the Senior Secured Loan Facility, (ii) make the Senior Secured Loan Facility interest-only until maturity,
subject to the requirement that the Company apply certain monies received under the collaboration agreement between the Company
and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. to repay the amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, up to a maximum amount of $1
million per month and (iii) waive the Minimum Cash Covenant until the maturity date of the Senior Secured Loan Facility. Refer
to Note 8,  Significant Agreements  and Note 18,  Subsequent Events  to our unaudited consolidated financial
statements included in this report for additional details. 

As of September 30, 2016, $28.4 million
was outstanding under the Senior Secured Loan Facility, net of discount and issuance cost of $0.1 million. The Senior Secured
Loan Facility is secured by liens on our assets, including on certain of our intellectual property. The Senior Secured Loan Facility
includes customary events of default, including failure to pay amounts due, breaches of covenants and warranties, material adverse
effect events, certain cross defaults and judgments, and insolvency. If an event of default occurs, Stegodon may require immediate
repayment of all amounts outstanding under the Senior Secured Loan Facility. The Company was in compliance with the covenants
under the Senior Secured Loan Facility as of September 30, 2016 and is in compliance with the covenants under the Senior Secured
Loan Facility as of the date hereof. 

February 2016 Private Placement.  In February 2016, we sold and issued to certain purchasers an aggregate of $20.0 million of unsecured promissory
notes and warrants for the purchase, at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, of an aggregate of 2,857,142 shares of our common
stock, as described in more detail in Note 5,  Debt  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included
in this report. The exercisability of these warrants was subject to stockholder approval, which was obtained on May 17, 2016. 

June 2016 Private Placement.  In June 2016, we sold and issued $5.0 million in aggregate principal amount of secured promissory notes to
Foris Ventures, LLC, as described in more detail in Note 5,  Debt  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this report. 

See Note 18,  Subsequent Events  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this report for details regarding financing transactions completed subsequent to September 30, 2016. 

Common Stock Offerings.  In December 2012,
we completed a private placement of 14,177,849 shares of our common stock for aggregate cash proceeds of $37.2 million, of which
$22.2 million was received in December 2012 and $15.0 million was received in January 2013. Of the 14,177,849 shares issued in
the private placement, 1,677,852 of such shares were issued to Total in exchange for cancellation of $5.0 million of an outstanding
convertible promissory note we previously issued to Total. 

In March 2013, we completed a private placement
of 1,533,742 of our common stock to Biolding for aggregate proceeds of $5.0 million. This private placement represented the final
tranche of Biolding's preexisting contractual obligation to fund $15.0 million upon satisfaction by us of certain criteria associated
with the commissioning of our production plant in Brotas, Brazil. 

In March 2014, we completed a private placement
of 943,396 shares of our common stock to Kuraray for aggregate proceeds of $4.0 million. 

In July 2015, we entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement with certain purchasers under which we agreed to sell 16,025,642 shares of our common stock at a price of $1.56 per share,
for aggregate proceeds to the Company of $25 million. The sale of common stock under the Securities Purchase Agreement was completed
on July 29, 2015. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company granted to each of the purchasers a warrant exercisable
at an exercise price of $0.01 per share for the purchase of a number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to 10%
of the shares purchased by such investor. The exercisability of the warrants was subject to stockholder approval, which was obtained
on September 17, 2015. 

On May 10, 2016, we sold and issued 4,385,964
shares of our common stock to the Bill   Melinda Gates Foundation in a private placement at a purchase price per share equal
to $1.14, for aggregate proceeds to the Company of approximately $5.0 million, as described in more detail in Note 8,  Significant
Agreements.  

Cash Flows during the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Cash Flows from Operating Activities  

Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are costs related to production and sales of our products
and personnel-related expenditures, offset by cash received from product sales, grants and collaborations. Cash used in operating
activities was $45.4 million and $52.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Net cash used in operating activities of $45.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was attributable
to our net loss of $48.6 million and net non-cash gain of $15.6 million, offset by net change in our operating assets and liabilities
of $18.8 million. Net non-cash gain of $15.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of a $41.8
million change in the fair value of derivative instruments related to the embedded derivative liabilities associated with certain
of our senior secured convertible promissory notes and currency interest rate swap derivative liability, offset by $8.4 million
of depreciation and amortization expenses, $9.2 million of amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, $5.6 million of stock-based
compensation, $1.7 million in loss on foreign currency exchange rates, $0.4 million related to technology access, and $0.9 million
on loss from extinguishment of debt. Net change in operating assets and liabilities of $18.8 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 primarily consisted of a $4.3 million increase in accounts payable, $13.6 million increase in accrued other
liabilities, $3.9 million decrease in inventory, and $0.3 increase in deferred revenue, offset by a $1.3 million increase in prepaid
expense, $1.4 million increase in accounts receivable, and $0.6 million decrease in deferred rent. 

Net cash used in operating activities of $52.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was attributable
to our net loss of $176.1 million, offset by net non-cash charges of $97.7 million and net change in our operating assets and liabilities
of $26.2 million. Net non-cash charges of $97.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 consisted primarily of a$54.6
million of amortization of debt discount, including a $36.6 million charge due to acceleration of accretion of debt discount on
the Total and Temasek convertible notes converted to equity in July 2015, $10.3 million change in the fair value of derivative
instruments related to the embedded derivative liabilities associated with our senior secured convertible promissory notes and
currency interest rate swap derivative liability, $9.9 million of depreciation and amortization expenses, $7.3 million of loss
on purchase commitments and impairment of production assets, $7.0 million of stock-based compensation, $6.0 million of expense
associated with extinguishment and cancellation of convertible note, $2.1 million of loss from investment in affiliates, $0.4 million
of other noncash expenses and $0.1 million on disposition of property, plant and equipment. Net change in operating assets and
liabilities of $26.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily consisted of $18.7 million increase in accounts
payable and accrued other liabilities, $5.1 million decrease in accounts receivable and related party accounts receivable, $2.7
million increase in deferred revenue related to the funds received under collaboration agreements and $3.3 million increase in
inventory, offset by $3.6 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets and deferred rent. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities  

Our investing activities consist primarily
of capital expenditures and other investment activities. Net cash used in investing activities of $0.5 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, resulted from $0.7 million of purchases of property, plant and equipment, offset by $0.2 million in
net proceeds from maturities of short-term investments. 

Net cash used in investing activities of $3.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, resulted from $2.3 million of purchases of property, plant and equipment
and $1.2 million in loans made to our equity method investee, Novvi, offset by $0.2 million of change in restricted cash. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities  

Net cash provided by financing activities of $34.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was
a result of the receipt of $25.0 million of proceeds from debt issued to related parties, $13.3 million of proceeds from other
debt issued, net of discounts and issuance costs, $5.0 million of proceeds from issuance of contingently redeemable equity, and
the receipt of $0.1 million from exercise of common stock options, offset by $7.4 million of principal payments on debt, $1.0 million
of principal payments on capital leases, and $0.2 million of employee's taxes paid upon vesting of restricted stock units. 

Net cash provided by financing activities of
$25.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was a result of the receipt of $ 25.0 million from the issuance of
common stock in private placements, the receipt of $10.9 million from debt issued to a related party, which related to the closing
of the final installment of the Senior Secured Convertible Notes issued to Total under the July 2012 Agreements, the receipt of
$1.6 million of proceeds from a one-year term export financing agreement with ABC and the receipt of $0.4 million from exercise
of common stock options, offset by $11.2 million of principal payments on debt, $0.6 million of principal payments on capital leases
and $0.3 million of employee's taxes paid upon vesting of restricted stock units. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We did not have during the periods presented,
and we do not currently have, any material off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC rules, such as relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, which are often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities,
established for the purpose of facilitating financing transactions that are not required to be reflected on our condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

   Contractual Obligations   

The following is a summary of our contractual
obligations as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

____________________ 

(1)       Does
                                         not include any obligations related to make-whole interest or downround provisions. The
                                         fixed interest rates are more fully described in Note 5, "Debt  of our condensed
                                         consolidated financial statements.     

(2)       Purchase
                                         obligations include noncancellable contractual obligations and construction commitments
                                         of $0.6 million, of which zero have been accrued as loss on purchase commitments.     

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

The information contained in Note 2 to the Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements under the heading "Recent Accounting Pronouncements" is hereby incorporated
by reference into this Part I, Item 2. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

The market risk inherent in our market risk
sensitive instruments and positions is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in: commodity market prices, foreign currency
exchange rates, and interest rates as described below. 

Interest Rate Risk   

Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest
rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio and our outstanding debt obligations (including embedded derivatives therein).
We generally invest our cash in investments with short maturities or with frequent interest reset terms. Accordingly, our interest
income fluctuates with short-term market conditions. As of September 30, 2016, our investment portfolio consisted primarily
of money market funds and certificates of deposit, all of which are highly liquid investments. Due to the short-term nature of
our investment portfolio, we do not believe that an immediate 10% increase in interest rates would have a material effect on the
fair value of our portfolio. Since we believe we have the ability to liquidate this portfolio, we do not expect our operating results
or cash flows to be materially affected to any significant degree by a sudden change in market interest rates on our investment
portfolio. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, 100% of our outstanding debt is in fixed rate instruments or instruments
which have capped rates. Therefore, our exposure to the impact of variable interest rates is limited. Changes in interest rates
may significantly change the fair value of our embedded derivative liabilities. 

Foreign Currency Risk   

Most of our sales contracts are principally
denominated in U.S. dollars and, therefore, our revenues are currently not subject to significant foreign currency risk. The functional
currency of our wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary in Brazil is the local currency (Brazilian real) in which recurring business
transactions occur. We do not use currency exchange contracts as hedges against amounts permanently invested in our foreign subsidiary.
The amount we consider permanently invested in our foreign subsidiary and translated into U.S. dollars using the September 30,
2016 exchange rate is $119.9 million as of September 30, 2016 and $99.5 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in the permanent
investments in our foreign subsidiary between December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 is due to the depreciation of the U.S.
dollar versus the Brazilian real. The potential loss in value, which would be principally recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss,
resulting from a hypothetical 10% adverse change in quoted Brazilian real exchange rates, is $2.8 million and $4.9 million as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Actual results may differ. 

We make limited use of derivative instruments,
which include currency interest rate swap agreements, to manage the Company's exposure to foreign currency exchange rate and interest
rate fluctuations related to the Company's Banco Pine loan. In June 2012, we entered into a currency interest rate swap arrangement
with Banco Pine for R$22.0 million (approximately US$6.8 million based on the exchange rate as of September 30, 2016). The
swap arrangement exchanges the principal and interest payments under the Banco Pine loan entered into in July 2012 for alternative
principal and interest payments that are subject to adjustment based on fluctuations in the foreign exchange rate between the U.S.
dollar and Brazilian real. The swap has a fixed interest rate of 3.94%. This arrangement hedges the fluctuations in the foreign
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and Brazilian real. 

We analyzed our foreign currency exposure to
identify assets and liabilities denominated in other currencies. For those assets and liabilities, we evaluated the effects of
a 10% shift in exchange rates between those currencies and the U.S. dollar. We have determined that there would be an immaterial
effect on our results of operations from such a shift. 

Commodity Price Risk   

Our primary exposure to market risk for changes
in commodity prices currently relates to our purchases of sugar feedstocks. When possible, we manage our exposure to this risk
primarily through the use of supplier pricing agreements. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our management, with the participation of our
chief executive officer (or  CEO ) and chief financial officer (or  CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (or the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Based
on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed
and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management recognizes that any controls
and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and
management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting   

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act
during our third fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness
of Internal Controls   

The effectiveness of any system of internal
control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing,
implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly,
any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide
reasonable, not absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for
our business, but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over
financial reporting. 

PART II  

    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We may be involved, from time to time, in legal
proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties and there
can be no assurance that legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise will not have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information set forth
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. If any
of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be
materially and adversely harmed. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and, as a result,
you may lose all or part of your investment.  

Risks Related to Our Business  

We have incurred losses to date, anticipate continuing to
incur losses in the future, and may never achieve or sustain profitability.   

We have incurred significant losses in each year since our inception and believe that we will continue to
incur losses and negative cash flow from operations into at least 2017. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit
of $1,085.7 million and had cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of $2.3 million. We have significant outstanding
debt and contractual obligations related to capital and operating leases, as well as purchase commitments of $1.1 million. As of
September 30, 2016, our debt totaled $175.6 million, net of discount and issuance cost of $36.1 million, of which $75.0 million
is classified as current. Our debt service obligations over the next twelve months are significant, including approximately $16.2
million of anticipated interest payments (excluding interest paid in kind by adding to outstanding principal) and may include potential
early conversion payments of up to approximately $13.2 million (assuming all note holders convert) under our outstanding convertible
promissory notes sold on October 20, 2015 pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act (or the "2015 144A Notes"). Furthermore,
our debt agreements contain various financial and operating covenants, including restrictions on business that could cause us to
be at risk of defaults. We expect to incur additional costs and expenses related to the continued development and expansion of
our business, including construction and operation of our manufacturing facilities, contract manufacturing, research and development
operations, and operation of our pilot plants and demonstration facility. There can be no assurance that we will ever achieve or
sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 

Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared on the basis that we will continue as a going
concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have
incurred significant losses since our inception and we expect that we will continue to incur losses as we aim to successfully execute
our business plan and will be dependent on additional public or private financings, collaborations or licensing arrangements with
strategic partners, or through additional credit lines or other debt financing sources to fund continuing operations. Based on
our cash balances, recurring losses since inception and our existing capital resources to fund our planned operations for a twelve
month period, there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our operating plan for 2016 contemplates
a significant reduction in our net cash outflows resulting from (i) revenue growth from sales of existing and new products with
positive gross margins, (ii) reduced production costs as a result of manufacturing and technical developments, (iii) increased
cash inflows from collaborations, (iv) reduced operating expenses, (v) access to various financing commitments, and (vi) strategic
asset divestments. In addition, as noted below, for our 2016 operating plan, we are dependent on funding from sources that are
not subject to existing commitments. We will need to obtain additional funding from equity or debt financings, which may require
us to agree to burdensome covenants, grant further security interests in our assets, enter into collaboration and licensing arrangements
that require us to relinquish commercial rights, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable. No assurance can be given at
this time as to whether we will be able to achieve our expense reduction or fundraising objectives, regardless of the terms. If
we are unable to raise additional financing, or if other expected sources of funding are delayed or not received, our ability to
continue as a going concern would be jeopardized and we may be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some of our general and
administrative, research and development, or production activities or other operations and reduce investment in new product and
commercial development efforts in an effort to provide sufficient funds to continue our operations. If any of these events occurs,
our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals would be adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to
continue as a going concern, we may be unable to meet our obligations under our existing debt facilities, which could result in
an acceleration of our obligation to repay all amounts outstanding under those facilities, and we may be forced to liquidate our
assets. In such a scenario, the values we receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than
the values reflected in our financial statements. 

Our financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and cause investors to suffer the loss of all or a substantial portion of their investment. 

We have limited experience producing our products at commercial
scale and may not be able to commercialize our products to the extent necessary to sustain and grow our current business.   

To commercialize our products, we must be successful
in using our yeast strains to produce target molecules at commercial scale and at a commercially viable cost. If we cannot achieve
commercially-viable production economics for enough products to support our business plan, including through establishing and maintaining
sufficient production scale and volume, we will be unable to achieve a sustainable integrated renewable products business. Virtually
all of our production capacity is through a purpose-built, large-scale production plant in Brotas, Brazil. This plant commenced
operations in 2013, and scaling and running the plant has been, and continues to be, a time-consuming, costly, uncertain and expensive
process. Given our limited experience commissioning and operating our own manufacturing facilities and our limited financial resources,
we cannot be sure that we will be successful in achieving production economics that allow us to meet our plans for commercialization
of various products we intend to offer. In addition, until recently we have only produced Biofene at the Brotas plant. Our attempts
to scale production of new molecules at the plant are subject to uncertainty and risk. For example, even to the extent we successfully
complete product development in our laboratories and pilot and demonstration facilities, and at contract manufacturing facilities,
we may be unable to translate such success to large-scale, purpose-built plants. If this occurs, our ability to commercialize our
technology will be adversely affected and we may be unable to produce and sell any significant volumes of our products. Also, with
respect to products that we are able to bring to market, we may not be able to lower the cost of production, which would adversely
affect our ability to sell such products profitably. 

We will require significant inflows of cash from financing
and collaboration transactions to fund our anticipated operations and to service our debt obligations and may not be able to obtain
such financing and collaboration funding on favorable terms, if at all.   

Our planned 2016 and 2017 working capital needs,
our planned operating and capital expenditures for 2016 and 2017, and our ability to service our outstanding debt obligations are
dependent on significant inflows of cash from existing and new collaboration partners and cash contribution from growth in renewable
product sales. We will continue to need to fund our research and development and related activities and to provide working capital
to fund production, storage, distribution and other aspects of our business. Some of our anticipated financing sources, such as
research and development collaborations, are subject to the risk that we cannot meet milestones, that the collaborations may end
prematurely for reasons that may be outside of our control (including technical infeasibility of the project or a collaborator's
right to terminate without cause), or the collaborations are not yet subject to definitive agreements or mandatory funding commitments
and, if needed, we may not be able to secure additional types of financing in a timely manner or on reasonable terms, if at all.
The inability to generate sufficient cash flow, as described above, could have an adverse effect on our ability to continue with
our business plans and our status as a going concern. 

If we are unable to raise additional financing,
or if other expected sources of funding are delayed or not received, our ability to continue as a going concern would be jeopardized
and we would take the following actions to support our liquidity needs through the remainder of 2016 and into 2017: 

Effect significant headcount reductions, particularly with respect to employees not connected to critical or contracted activities
across all functions of the Company, including employees involved in general and administrative, research and development, and
production activities.   

Shift focus to existing products and customers with significantly reduced investment in new product and commercial development
efforts.   

Reduce production activity at our Brotas manufacturing facility to levels only sufficient to satisfy volumes required for product
revenues forecast from existing products and customers.   

Reduce expenditures for third party contractors, including consultants, professional advisors and other vendors.   

Reduce or delay uncommitted capital expenditures, including non-essential facility and lab equipment, and information technology
projects.   

Closely monitor the Company's working capital position with customers and suppliers, as well as suspend operations at pilot
plants and demonstration facilities.   

Implementing this plan could have a negative
impact on our ability to continue our business as currently contemplated, including, without limitation, delays or failures in
our ability to: 

Achieve planned production levels;   

Develop and commercialize products within planned timelines or at planned scales; and   

Continue other core activities.   

Furthermore, any inability to scale-back operations
as necessary, and any unexpected liquidity needs, could create pressure to implement more severe measures. Such measures could
have an adverse effect on our ability to meet contractual requirements, including obligations to maintain manufacturing operations,
and increase the severity of the consequences described above. 

Future revenues are difficult to predict, and our failure
to predict revenue accurately may cause our results to be below our expectations or those of analysts or investors and could result
in our stock price declining.   

Our revenues are comprised of product revenues
and grants and collaborations revenues. We generate the substantial majority of our product revenues from sales to distributors
or collaborators and only a small portion from direct sales. Our collaboration and distribution agreements do not include any specific
purchase obligations. The sales volume of our products in any given period has been difficult to predict. A significant portion
of our product sales is dependent upon the interest and ability of third party distributors to create demand for, and generate
sales of, such products to end-users. For example, if such distributors are unsuccessful in creating pull-through demand for our
products with their customers, such distributors may purchase less of our products from us than we expect. In addition, many of
our new and novel products are intended to be a component of other companies  products; therefore, sales of our products
may be contingent on our collaborators  and/or customers  timely and successful development and commercialization of
end-use products that incorporate our products. Furthermore, we have begun to market and sell some of our products directly to
end-consumers, initially in the cosmetics and industrial cleaning markets. Because we have no prior experience in marketing and
selling directly to consumers, it is difficult to predict how successful our efforts will be and we may not achieve the product
sales we expect to achieve in the timeline we anticipate (if at all). 

In addition, we have entered into research and
development collaboration arrangements pursuant to which we receive payments from our collaborators. Some of such collaboration
arrangements include advance payments in consideration for grants of exclusivity or research efforts to be performed by us. It
has in the past been difficult for us to know with certainty when we will sign a new collaboration arrangement. As a result, achievement
of our quarterly and annual goals, expressed in part via a non-GAAP financial measure that we refer to as cash revenue inflows
consisting of GAAP product revenues plus cash payments from collaborations and grants, has been difficult to predict with certainty.
Once a collaboration agreement has been signed, receipt of payments and/or recognition of related revenues may depend on our achievement
of milestones. In addition, a portion of the revenue we report each quarter results from the recognition of deferred revenue from
advance payments we have received from these collaborators during previous quarters. Since our business model depends in part on
collaboration agreements with advance payments that we recognize over time, it may also be difficult for us to rapidly increase
our revenues through additional collaborations in any period, as revenue from such new collaborations will often be recognized
over multiple quarters or years. 

These factors have made it difficult to predict
future revenues and have resulted in our revenues being below our previously announced guidance or analysts  estimates. We
continue to face these risks in the future, which may cause our stock price to decline. 

A limited number of distributors, customers and collaboration
partners account for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of major distributors, customers or collaboration partners
could harm our operating results.   

Our revenues have varied significantly from
quarter to quarter and are dependent on sales to, and collaborations with, a limited number of distributors, customers and/or collaboration
partners. We cannot be certain that distributors, customers and/or collaboration partners that have accounted for significant revenue
in past periods, individually or as a group, will continue to generate similar revenue in any future period. If we fail to renew
with, or if we lose a major distributor, customer or collaborator or group of distributors, customers or collaborators, our revenue
could decline if we are unable to replace the lost revenue with revenue from other sources. 

Our existing financing arrangements may cause significant
risks to our stockholders and may impact our ability to pursue certain transactions and operate our business.   

As of September 30, 2016, our debt totaled $175.6 million, net of discount and issuance costs of $36.1 million,
of which $75.0 million is classified as current. Our cash balance is substantially less than the principal amount of our outstanding
debt, and we will be required to generate cash from operations or raise additional working capital through future financings or
sales of assets to enable us to repay this indebtedness as it becomes due. There can be no assurance that we will be able to do
so. 

In addition, we have agreed to significant covenants
in connection with our debt financing transactions, including restrictions on our ability to incur future indebtedness, and customary
events of default, including failure to pay amounts due, breaches of covenants and warranties, material adverse effect events,
certain cross defaults and judgments, and insolvency. A failure to comply with the covenants and other provisions of our debt instruments,
including any failure to make a payment when required would generally result in events of default under such instruments, which
could permit acceleration of such indebtedness and could result in a material adverse effect events on us. If such indebtedness
is accelerated, it would generally also constitute an event of default under our other outstanding indebtedness, permitting acceleration
of such other outstanding indebtedness. Any required repayment of our indebtedness as a result of acceleration or otherwise would
lower our current cash on hand such that we would not have those funds available for use in our business or for payment of other
outstanding indebtedness. 

If we are at any time unable to generate sufficient
cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness when payment is due, we may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms
of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain additional financing.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible
or that any additional financing could be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Any debt financing that is
available could cause us to incur substantial costs and subject us to covenants that significantly restrict our ability to conduct
our business. If we seek to complete additional equity financings, the interests of existing equity holders may be diluted. 

In addition, the covenants in our debt agreements
materially limit our ability to take certain actions, including our ability to pay dividends, make certain investments and other
payments, undertake certain mergers and consolidations, and encumber and dispose of assets. For example, the purchase agreement
for convertible notes that we sold in separate closings in October 2013 and January 2014, which we refer to as the Tranche Notes,
requires us to obtain the consent of a majority of the purchasers of these notes before completing any change-of-control transaction,
or purchasing assets in one transaction or a series of related transactions in an amount greater than $20.0 million, in each case
while the Tranche Notes are outstanding. The holders of the Tranche Notes also have pro rata rights to invest in, and under which
they could cancel up to the full amount of their outstanding Tranche Notes to pay for, equity securities that we issue in certain
financings, which could delay or prevent us from completing such financings. 

Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our obligations
under our existing indebtedness and may place us at a competitive disadvantage in our industry.   

We continue to have substantial debt outstanding
and we may incur additional indebtedness from time to time to finance working capital, product development efforts, strategic acquisitions,
investments and alliances, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in our
existing indebtedness and in any other agreements under which we incur indebtedness. Our significant indebtedness and debt service
requirements could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential
business opportunities. For example, our high level of indebtedness presents the following risks: 

we will be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal
and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures,
product development efforts, acquisitions, investments and strategic alliances and other general corporate requirements;   

our substantial leverage increases our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse competitive
and industry conditions and could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged;   

our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes
in our business and our industry and could limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow more money for operations
or capital in the future and implement our business strategies;   

our level of indebtedness and the covenants within our debt instruments may restrict us from raising
additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic
acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general corporate requirements; and   

our substantial leverage may make it difficult for us to attract additional financing when needed.   

If we are at any time unable to generate sufficient
cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness when payment is due, we may be required to attempt to renegotiate the terms
of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain additional financing.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible
or that any additional financing could be obtained on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. 

A failure to comply with the covenants and other
provisions of our debt instruments, including any failure to make a payment when required, could result in events of default under
such instruments, and which could permit acceleration of such indebtedness. If such indebtedness is accelerated, it could also
constitute an event of default under our other outstanding indebtedness, permitting acceleration of such other outstanding indebtedness.
Any required repayment of our indebtedness as a result of acceleration or otherwise would lower our current cash on hand such that
we would not have those funds available for use in our business or for payment of other outstanding indebtedness. 

Our GAAP operating results could fluctuate substantially due to the accounting
for the early conversion payment features of outstanding convertible promissory notes.   

Several of our outstanding convertible debt
instruments are accounted for under Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging (or  ASC 815 ) as
an embedded derivative. For instance, with respect to the 2015 144A Notes, if the holders elect convert their 2015 144A Notes,
such converting holders will receive an early conversion payment equal to the present value of the remaining scheduled payments
of interest that would have been made on the 2015 144A Notes being converted from the earlier of the date that is three years after
the date we receive such notice of conversion and the maturity of the 2015 144A Notes. Our 6.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2019
(or the  2014 144A Notes ) contain a similar early conversion payment feature, provided that the last reported sale
price of our common stock for 20 or more trading days (whether or not consecutive) in a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending
within five trading days immediately prior to the date we receive a notice of such election to convert exceeds the conversion price
in effect on each such trading day. The early conversion payment features of the 2014 144A Notes and the 2015 144A Notes are accounted
for under ASC 815 as embedded derivatives. ASC 815 requires companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments
and account for them as free standing derivative financial instruments according to certain criteria. The fair value of the derivative
is remeasured to fair value at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change in the fair
value of the derivative being charged to earnings (loss). We have determined that we must bifurcate and account for the early conversion
payment features of the 2014 144A Notes and the 2015 144A Notes, as well as certain other features of our other convertible debt
instruments, as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC 815. We have recorded these embedded derivative liabilities as non-current
liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet with a corresponding debt discount at the date of issuance that is netted against
the principal amount of the 2014 144A Notes, the 2015 144A Notes or other convertible debt instrument, as applicable. The derivative
liabilities are remeasured to fair value at each balance sheet date, with a resulting non-cash gain or loss related to the change
in the fair value of the derivative liabilities being recorded in other income or loss. There is no current observable market for
this type of derivative and, as such, we determine the fair value of the embedded derivatives using the binomial lattice model.
The valuation model uses the stock price, conversion price, maturity date, risk-free interest rate, estimated stock volatility
and estimated credit spread. Changes in the inputs for these valuation models may have a significant impact on the estimated fair
value of the embedded derivative liabilities. For example, an increase in the Company's stock price results in an increase in the
estimated fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities. The embedded derivative liabilities may have, on a GAAP basis, a substantial
effect on our balance sheet from quarter to quarter and it is difficult to predict the effect on our future GAAP financial results,
since valuation of these embedded derivative liabilities are based on factors largely outside of our control and may have a negative
impact on our earnings and balance sheet. 

If our major production facilities do not successfully commence
or scale up operations, our customer relationships, business and results of operations may be adversely affected.   

A substantial component of our planned production
capacity in the near and long term depends on successful operations at our large-scale production plant in Brazil. We are currently
operating our first purpose-built, large-scale production plant in Brotas, Brazil and may complete construction of certain other
facilities in the coming years. Delays or problems in the construction, start-up or operation of these facilities will cause delays
in our ramp-up of production and hamper our ability to reduce our production costs. Delays in construction can occur due to a variety
of factors, including regulatory requirements and our ability to fund construction and commissioning costs. For example, in 2012
we determined it was necessary to delay further construction of our large-scale manufacturing facility with S o Martinho
in order to focus on the construction and commissioning of our Brotas facility. We have since permanently ceased construction of
the S o Martinho facility, and expect to need to identify additional production capacity as early as 2017 based on anticipated
volume requirements. Once our large-scale production facilities are built, we must successfully commission them and they must perform
as we have designed them. If we encounter significant delays, cost overruns, engineering issues, contamination problems, equipment
or raw material supply constraints, unexpected equipment maintenance requirements, safety issues, work stoppages or other serious
challenges in bringing these facilities online and operating them at commercial scale, we may be unable to produce our initial
renewable products in the time frame we have planned. Industrial scale fermentation is an emerging field and it is difficult to
predict the effects of scaling up production to commercial scale, which involves various risks to the quality and consistency of
our molecules. In addition, in order to produce molecules at our plant at Brotas, we have been and will be required to perform
thorough transition activities, and modify the design of the plant. Any modifications to the production plant could cause complications
in the operations of the plant, which could result in delays or failures in production. We may also need to continue to use contract
manufacturing sources more than we expect (e.g., if the modifications to the Brotas plant are not successful or have a negative
impact on the plant's operations), which would reduce our anticipated gross margins and may prevent us from accessing certain markets
for our products. Further, if our efforts to increase (or commence, as the case may be) production at these facilities are not
successful, other mill owners in Brazil or elsewhere may decide not to work with us to develop additional production facilities,
demand more favorable terms or delay their commitment to invest capital in our production. 

Our reliance on the large-scale production plant in Brotas, Brazil subjects us
to execution and economic risks.   

Our decision to focus our efforts for production
capacity on the manufacturing facility in Brotas, Brazil means that we have limited manufacturing sources for our products in 2016
and beyond. Accordingly, any failure to establish operations at that plant could have a significant negative impact on our business,
including our ability to achieve commercial viability for our products. With the facility in Brotas, Brazil, we are, for the first
time, operating a commercial fermentation and separation facility ourselves. We may face unexpected difficulties associated with
the operation of the plant. For example, we have in the past, at certain contract manufacturing facilities and at the Brotas facility,
encountered delays and difficulties in ramping up production based on contamination in the production process, problems with plant
utilities, lack of automation and related human error, issues arising from process modifications to reduce costs and adjust product
specifications or transition to producing new molecules, and other similar challenges. We cannot be certain that we will be able
to remedy all of such challenges quickly or effectively enough to achieve commercially viable near-term production costs and volumes. 

To the extent we secure collaboration arrangements
with new or existing partners, we may be required to make significant capital investments at our existing or new facilities in
order to produce molecules or other products for such collaborations. Any failure or difficulties in establishing, building up
or retooling our operations for these new collaboration arrangements could have a significant negative impact on our business,
including our ability to achieve commercial viability for our products, lead to the inability to meet our contractual obligations
and could cause us to allocate capital, personnel and other resources from our organization which could adversely affect our business
and reputation. 

As part of our arrangement to build the plant
in Brotas, Brazil we have an agreement with Tonon Bioenergia S.A. (or  Tonon ) to purchase from Tonon sugarcane juice
corresponding to a certain number of tons of sugarcane per year, along with specified water and vapor volumes. Until this annual
volume is reached, we are restricted from purchasing sugarcane juice for processing in the facility from any third party, subject
to limited exceptions, unless we pay the premium to Tonon that we would have paid if we bought the juice from them. As such, we
will be relying on Tonon to supply such juice and utilities on a timely basis, in the volumes we need, and at competitive prices.
If a third party can offer superior prices and Tonon does not consent to our purchasing from such third party, we would be required
to pay Tonon the applicable premium, which would have a negative impact on our production cost. Furthermore, we agreed to pay a
price for the juice that is based on the lower of the cost of two other products produced by Tonon using such juice, plus a premium.
Tonon may not want to sell sugarcane juice to us if the price of one of the other products is substantially higher than the one
setting the price for the juice we purchase. While the agreement provides that Tonon would have to pay a penalty to us if it fails
to supply the agreed-upon volume of juice for a given month, the penalty may not be enough to compensate us for the increased cost
if third-party suppliers do not offer competitive prices. Also, if the prices of the other products produced by Tonon increase,
we could be forced to pay those increased prices for production without a related increase in the price at which we can sell our
products, reducing or eliminating any margins we can otherwise achieve. If in the future these supply terms no longer provide a
viable economic structure for the operation in Brotas, Brazil we may be required to renegotiate our agreement, which could result
in manufacturing disruptions and delays. In December 2015, Tonon filed for bankruptcy protection in Brazil. If Tonon is unable
to supply sugarcane juice, water and steam in accordance with our agreement, we may not be able to obtain substitute supplies from
third parties in necessary quantities or at favorable prices, or at all. In such event, our ability to manufacture our products
in a timely or cost-effective manner, or at all, would be negatively affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

Furthermore, as we continue to scale up production
of our products, both through contract manufacturers and at our large-scale production plant in Brotas, Brazil, we may be required
to store increasing amounts of our products for varying periods of time and under differing temperatures or other conditions that
cannot be easily controlled, which may lead to a decrease in the quality of our products and their utility profiles and could adversely
affect their value. If our stored products degrade in quality, we may suffer losses in inventory and incur additional costs in
order to further refine our stored products or we may need to make new capital investments in shipping, improved storage or sales
channels and related logistics. 

Loss or termination of contract manufacturing relationships could harm our ability
to meet our production goals.   

As we have focused on building and commissioning
our own plant and improving our production economics, we have reduced our use of contract manufacturing and have terminated relationships
with some of our contract manufacturing partners. The failure to have multiple available supply options for farnesene or other
target molecules could create a risk for us if a single source or a limited number of sources of manufacturing runs into operational
issues. In addition, if we are unable to secure the services of contract manufacturers when and as needed, we may lose customer
opportunities and the growth of our business may be impaired. We cannot be sure that contract manufacturers will be available when
we need their services, that they will be willing to dedicate a portion of their capacity to our projects, or that we will be able
to reach acceptable price and other terms with them for the provision of their production services. If we shift priorities and
adjust anticipated production levels (or cease production altogether) at contract manufacturing facilities, such adjustments or
cessations could also result in disputes or otherwise harm our business relationships with contract manufacturers. In addition,
reducing or stopping production at one facility while increasing or starting up production at another facility generally results
in significant losses of production efficiency, which can persist for significant periods of time. Also, in order for production
to commence under our contract manufacturing arrangements, we generally must provide equipment, and we cannot be assured that such
equipment can be ordered or installed on a timely basis, at acceptable costs, or at all. Further, in order to establish new manufacturing
facilities, we need to transfer our yeast strains and production processes from lab to commercial plants controlled by third parties,
which may pose technical or operational challenges that delay production or increase our costs. 

Our use of contract manufacturers exposes us to risks relating
to costs, contractual terms and logistics.   

While we have commenced commercial production
at the Brotas, Brazil plant, we continue to commercially produce, process and manufacture some specialty molecules through the
use of contract manufacturers, and we anticipate that we will continue to use contract manufacturers for the foreseeable future
for chemical conversion and production of end-products and, to mitigate cost and volume risks at our large-scale production facilities,
for production of Biofene and other fermentation target compounds. Establishing and operating contract manufacturing facilities
requires us to make significant capital expenditures, which reduces our cash and places such capital at risk. Also, contract manufacturing
agreements may contain terms that commit us to pay for capital expenditures and other costs incurred or expected to be earned by
the plant operators and owners, which can result in contractual liability and losses for us even if we terminate a particular contract
manufacturing arrangement or decide to reduce or stop production under such an arrangement. 

The locations of contract manufacturers can
pose additional cost, logistics and feedstock challenges. If production capacity is available at a plant that is remote from usable
chemical finishing or distribution facilities, or from customers, we will be required to incur additional expenses in shipping
products to other locations. Such costs could include shipping costs, compliance with export and import controls, tariffs and additional
taxes, among others. In addition, we may be required to use feedstock from a particular region for a given production facility.
The feedstock available in a particular region may not be the least expensive or most effective feedstock for production, which
could significantly raise our overall production cost or reduce our product's quality until we are able to optimize the supply
chain. 

If we are unable to reduce our production costs, we may not
be able to produce our products at competitive prices and our ability to grow our business will be limited.   

In order to be competitive in the markets we
are targeting, our products must have superior qualities or be competitively priced relative to alternatives available in the market.
Currently, our costs of production are not low enough to allow us to offer some of our planned products at competitive prices relative
to alternatives available in the market. Our production costs depend on many factors that could have a negative effect on our ability
to offer our planned products at competitive prices, including, in particular, our ability to establish and maintain sufficient
production scale and volume, and feedstock cost. For example, see " We have limited experience producing our products at
commercial scale and may not be able to commercialize our products to the extent necessary to sustain and grow our current business, "
" Our manufacturing operations require sugar feedstock, energy and steam, and the inability to obtain such feedstock, energy
and steam in sufficient quantities or in a timely manner, or at reasonable prices, may limit our ability to produce products profitably
or at all, " and " The price of sugarcane and other feedstocks can be volatile as a result of changes in industry
policy and may increase the cost of production of our products. " 

We face financial risk associated with scaling
up production to reduce our production costs. To reduce per-unit production costs, we must increase production to achieve economies
of scale and to be able to sell our products with positive margins. However, if we do not sell production output in a timely manner
or in sufficient volumes, our investment in production will harm our cash position and generate losses. Additionally, we may incur
added costs in storage and we may face issues related to the decrease in quality of our stored products, which could adversely
affect the value of such products. Since achieving competitive product prices generally requires increased production volumes and
our manufacturing operations and cash flows from sales are in their early stages, we have had to produce and sell products at a
loss in the past, and may continue to do so as we build our business. If we are unable to achieve adequate revenues from a combination
of product sales and other sources, we may not be able to invest in production and we may not be able to pursue our business plans. 

Key factors beyond production scale and feedstock
cost that impact our production costs include yield, productivity, separation efficiency and chemical process efficiency. Yield
refers to the amount of the desired molecule that can be produced from a fixed amount of feedstock. Productivity represents the
rate at which our product is produced by a given yeast strain. Separation efficiency refers to the amount of desired product produced
in the fermentation process that we are able to extract and the time that it takes to do so. Chemical process efficiency refers
to the cost and yield for the chemical finishing steps that convert our target molecule into a desired product. In order to successfully
enter transportation fuels and certain chemical markets, we must produce those products at significantly lower costs, which will
require both substantially higher yields than we have achieved to date and other significant improvements in production efficiency,
including in productivity and in separation and chemical process efficiencies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
make these improvements or reduce our production costs sufficiently to offer our planned products at competitive prices, and any
such failure could have a material adverse impact on our business and prospects. 

Our ability to establish substantial commercial sales of our
products is subject to many risks, any of which could prevent or delay revenue growth and adversely impact our customer relationships,
business and results of operations.   

There can be no assurance that our products
will be approved or accepted by customers, that customers will choose our products over competing products, or that we will be
able to sell our products profitably at prices and with features sufficient to establish demand. The markets we have entered first
are primarily those for specialty chemical products used by large consumer products or specialty chemical companies. In entering
these markets, we have sold and we intend to sell our products as alternatives to chemicals currently in use, and in some cases
the chemicals that we seek to replace have been used for many years. The potential customers for our molecules generally have well
developed manufacturing processes and arrangements with suppliers of the chemical components of their products and may have a resistance
to changing these processes and components. These potential customers frequently impose lengthy and complex product qualification
procedures on their suppliers, influenced by consumer preference, manufacturing considerations such as process changes and capital
and other costs associated with transitioning to alternative components, supplier operating history, established business relationships
and agreements, regulatory issues, product liability and other factors, many of which are unknown to, or not well understood by,
us. Satisfying these processes may take many months or years. Additionally, we may be subject to product safety testing and may
be required to meet certain regulatory and/or product safety standards. Meeting these standards can be a time consuming and expensive
process, and we may invest substantial time and resources into such qualification efforts without ultimately securing approval.
If we are unable to convince these potential customers (and the consumers who purchase products containing such chemicals) that
our products are comparable to the chemicals that they currently use or that the use of our products is otherwise to their benefits,
we will not be successful in entering these markets and our business will be adversely affected. 

We expect to face competition for our specialty chemical and
transportation fuels products from providers of petroleum-based products and from other companies seeking to provide alternatives
to these products, and if we cannot compete effectively against these companies or products we may not be successful in bringing
our products to market or further growing our business after we do so.   

We expect that our renewable products will compete
with both the traditional, largely petroleum-based specialty chemical and fuels products that are currently being used in our target
markets and with the alternatives to these existing products that established enterprises and new companies are seeking to produce. 

In the specialty chemical markets that we are
initially entering, and in other chemical markets that we may seek to enter in the future, we will compete primarily with the established
providers of chemicals currently used in products in these markets. Producers of these incumbent products include global oil companies,
large international chemical companies and companies specializing in specific products, such as squalane or essential oils. We
may also compete in one or more of these markets with products that are offered as alternatives to the traditional petroleum-based
or other traditional products being offered in these markets. 

In the transportation fuels market, we expect
to compete with independent and integrated oil refiners, advanced biofuels companies and biodiesel companies. Refiners compete
with us by selling traditional fuel products and some are also pursuing hydrocarbon fuel production using non-renewable feedstocks,
such as natural gas and coal, as well as processes using renewable feedstocks, such as vegetable oil and biomass. We also expect
to compete with companies that are developing the capacity to produce diesel and other transportation fuels from renewable resources
in other ways. These include advanced biofuels companies using specific enzymes that they have developed to convert cellulosic
biomass, which is non-food plant material such as wood chips, corn stalks and sugarcane bagasse, into fermentable sugars. Similar
to us, some companies are seeking to use engineered microbes, such as yeast, bacteria and algae, to convert sugars, in some cases
from cellulosic biomass and in others from more refined sugar sources, into renewable diesel and other fuels. Biodiesel companies
convert vegetable oils and animal oils into diesel fuel and some are seeking to produce diesel and other transportation fuels using
thermochemical methods to convert biomass into renewable fuels. 

With the emergence of many new companies seeking
to produce chemicals and fuels from alternative sources, we may face increasing competition from alternative fuels and chemicals
companies. As they emerge, some of these companies may be able to establish production capacity and commercial partnerships to
compete with us. If we are unable to establish production and sales channels that allow us to offer comparable products at attractive
prices, we may not be able to compete effectively with these companies. 

We believe the primary competitive factors in
both the chemicals and fuels markets are: 

product price;   

product performance and other measures of quality;   

infrastructure compatibility of products;   

sustainability; and   

dependability of supply.   

The oil companies, large chemical companies
and well-established agricultural products companies with whom we compete are much larger than us, have, in many cases, well developed
distribution systems and networks for their products, have valuable historical relationships with the potential customers we are
seeking to serve and have much more extensive sales and marketing programs in place to promote their products. In order to be successful,
we must convince customers that our products are at least as effective as the traditional products they are seeking to replace
and we must provide our products on a cost basis that does not greatly exceed these traditional products and other available alternatives.
Some of our competitors may use their influence to impede the development and acceptance of renewable products of the type that
we are seeking to produce. 

We believe that for our chemical products to
succeed in the market, we must demonstrate that our products are comparable alternatives to existing products and to any alternative
products that are being developed for the same markets based on some combination of product cost, availability, performance, and
consumer preference characteristics. With respect to our diesel and other transportation fuels products, we believe that our product
must perform as effectively as petroleum-based fuel, or alternative fuels, and be available on a cost basis that does not greatly
exceed these traditional products and other available alternatives. In addition, with the wide range of renewable fuels products
under development, we must be successful in reaching potential customers and convincing them that ours are effective and reliable
alternatives. 

Our relationship with our strategic partner, Total, and certain
rights we have granted to Total and other existing stockholders in relation to our future securities offerings have substantial
impacts on our company.   

We have a license, development, research and
collaboration agreement with Total, under which we may develop, produce and commercialize products with Total. Under this agreement,
Total has a right of first negotiation with respect to certain exclusive commercialization arrangements that we would propose to
enter into with third parties, as well as the right to purchase any of our products on terms not less favorable than those offered
to or received by us from third parties in any market where Total or its affiliates have a significant market position. These rights
might inhibit potential strategic partners or potential customers from entering into negotiations with us about future business
opportunities. Total also has the right to terminate this agreement if we undergo a sale or change of control to certain entities,
which could discourage a potential acquirer from making an offer to acquire us. 

 Under certain other agreements with Total related
to its original investment in our capital stock, for as long as Total owns 10% of our voting securities, it has rights to an exclusive
negotiation period if our Board of Directors decides to sell our company. Total also has the right to designate one director to
serve on our Board of Directors. Also, in connection with Total s investments, our certificate of incorporation includes
a provision that excludes Total from prohibitions on business combinations between Amyris and an  interested stockholder. 
These provisions could have the effect of discouraging potential acquirers from making offers to acquire us, and give Total more
access to Amyris than other stockholders if Total decides to pursue an acquisition. 

Additionally, in connection with subsequent
investments by Total in Amyris, we granted Total, among other investors, a right of first investment if we propose to sell securities
in a private placement financing transaction. With these rights, Total and other investors may subscribe for a portion of any new
private placement financing and require us to comply with certain notice periods, which could discourage other investors from participating
in, or cause delays in our ability to close, such a financing. Further, under the purchase agreement for the Tranche Notes, Total
and other holders of Tranche Notes have the right to pay for any securities purchased in connection with an exercise of their right
of first investment by cancelling all or a portion of their outstanding Tranche Notes. To the extent Total or other investors exercise
these rights, it will reduce the cash proceeds we may realize from the relevant financing. 

Our jet fuels joint venture with Total limits our ability
to independently develop and commercialize farnesene- and farnesane-based jet fuels.   

In July 2012 and December 2013, we entered into
a series of agreements with Total to establish a research and development program regarding farnesene-based diesel and jet fuels
and to form a joint venture, Total Amyris BioSolutions B.V., or TAB, to produce and commercialize such products worldwide. 

In July 2015, we entered into a Letter Agreement
with Total regarding the restructuring of the ownership and rights of TAB, pursuant to which, among other things, the parties agreed
to enter into an Amended   Restated Jet Fuel License Agreement between us and TAB, or the Jet Fuel Agreement. We entered into
the Jet Fuel Agreement with TAB on March 21, 2016. 

Under the Jet Fuel Agreement, (a) we granted
TAB exclusive (co-exclusive in Brazil), world-wide, royalty-free rights to produce and commercialize farnesene- or farnesane-based
jet fuel, (b) we granted TAB the option, until March 1, 2018, to purchase our Brazil jet fuel business at a price based on the
fair value of the commercial assets and on our investment in other related assets, (c) we granted TAB the right to purchase farnesene
or farnesane for its jet fuel business from us on a  most-favored  pricing basis and (d) all rights to farnesene- or
farnesane-based diesel fuel previously granted to TAB by us reverted back to us. As a result of Jet Fuel Agreement, we generally
no longer have an independent right to make or sell farnesene- or farnesane-based jet fuels outside of Brazil without the approval
of TAB. 

If, for any reason, TAB is not fully supported,
or is not successful, and TAB does not allow us to pursue farnesene-based jet fuels independently, this joint venture arrangement
could impair our ability to develop and commercialize such jet fuels, which could have a material adverse effect on our business
and long term prospects. For example, this arrangement could adversely affect our ability to enter or expand in the jet fuel market
on terms that would otherwise be more favorable to us independently or with third parties. 

Our diesel fuels license to Total limits our ability to independently
develop and commercialize farnesene- and farnesane-based diesel fuels in the European Union.   

Upon all farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel
fuel rights reverting back to us pursuant to the Jet Fuel Agreement, we granted to Total, pursuant to a License Agreement regarding
Diesel Fuel in the European Union, or the EU, dated March 21, 2016, between us and Total, (a) an exclusive, royalty-free license
to offer for sale and sell farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuel in the EU, (b) the non-exclusive right to make farnesene or
farnesane anywhere in the world, but Total must (i) use such farnesene or farnesane to produce only diesel fuel to offer for sale
or sell in the EU and (ii) pay us a to-be-negotiated, commercially reasonable,  most-favored  basis royalty and (c)
the right to purchase farnesene or farnesane for its EU diesel fuel business from us on a  most-favored  pricing basis.
As a result of the License Agreement regarding Diesel Fuel in the European Union, we generally no longer have an independent right
to sell farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuels in the EU without the approval of Total. If, for any reason, Total were not
successful in selling farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuels in the EU and did not allow us to independently pursue selling
farnesene- or farnesane-based diesel fuels there, this arrangement could impair our ability to develop and commercialize such diesel
fuels in the EU, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and long term prospects. 

We have limited control over our jet fuels joint venture with Total.   

As part of the restructuring of TAB in March
2016 as described above, we sold a portion of our interest in TAB to Total, giving Total an aggregate ownership stake of 75% of
TAB and us an aggregate ownership stake of 25% of TAB. As a result, we do not have the right or power to direct the management
or policies of TAB, and Total may take action with TAB contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives.
If Total or TAB acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition.
Furthermore, if we were to experience a change of control or fail to make any required capital contribution to TAB, Total has a
right to buy out our interest in TAB at fair market value. If Total were to exercise these rights, we would, in effect, relinquish
our economic rights to the intellectual property we have exclusively licensed to TAB, and our ability to seek future revenue from
farnesene- or farnesane-based jet fuel outside of Brazil would be adversely affected (or completely prevented). This could significantly
reduce the value of our product offerings and have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Our relationship with Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. exposes us to
financial and commercial risks.   

In June 2016, we entered into an initial strategic
partnership agreement with Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. (or  Ginkgo ), pursuant to which we licensed certain intellectual
property to Ginkgo in exchange for a license fee and royalty, and agreed to pursue the negotiation and execution of a definitive
partnership agreement setting forth the terms of a long-term commercial partnership and collaboration arrangement between us and
Ginkgo, and in September 2016 we executed a definitive collaboration agreement with Ginkgo setting forth the terms of a commercial
partnership under which the parties would collaborate to develop, manufacture and sell commercial products and would share in the
value of such products. In connection with the entry into such commercial agreements, we received a waiver under, and subsequently
entered into an amendment of, our senior secured credit facility, the agent and lender under which is an affiliate of Ginkgo, which
amendment extends, subject to certain conditions, the maturity of the loans under the senior secured credit facility, eliminates
principal repayments under the facility prior to maturity, subject to the requirement that we apply certain monies received by
us under the collaboration agreement with Ginkgo to repay the outstanding loans under the facility, and waives the covenant in
the senior secured loan facility requiring the Company to maintain unrestricted, unencumbered cash in defined U.S. bank accounts
in an amount equal to at least 50% of the principal amount outstanding under the facility until the maturity date. See Note 8,
 Significant Agreements  and Note 18,  Subsequent Events  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements
included in this report for additional information regarding our relationship with Ginkgo. 

There can be no assurance that our partnership
with Ginkgo will be successful, and the partnership may prevent us from pursuing other business opportunities in the future. If
the partnership is unsuccessful, our ability to continue with our business plans would be adversely affected. In addition, negative
developments in our commercial partnership with Ginkgo could negatively affect our relationship with the agent and lender under
our senior secured credit facility, an affiliate of Ginkgo, which could adversely impact our ability to incur additional indebtedness
in the future or take other actions the consent for which would be required from the agent and lender under the facility. In such
event, our financial condition and business operations could be adversely affected. 

If we do not meet technical, development and commercial milestones
in our collaboration agreements, our future revenue and financial results will be adversely impacted.   

We have entered into a number of agreements
regarding the further development of certain of our products and, in some cases, for ultimate sale of certain products to the customer
under the agreement. None of these agreements affirmatively obligates the other party to purchase specific quantities of any products
at this time, and most contain important conditions that must be satisfied before additional research and development funding or
product purchases would occur. These conditions include research and development milestones and technical specifications that must
be achieved to the satisfaction of our collaborators, which we cannot be certain we will achieve. If we do not achieve these contractual
milestones, our revenues and financial results will be adversely affected. 

We are subject to risks related to our reliance on collaboration
arrangements to fund development and commercialization of our products and the success of such products is uncertain.   

For most product markets we are trying to address,
we either have or are seeking collaboration partners to fund the research and development, commercialization and production efforts
required for the target products. Typically we provide limited exclusive rights and revenue sharing with respect to the production
and sale of particular types of products in specific markets in exchange for such up-front funding. These exclusivity, revenue-sharing
and other similar terms limit our ability to commercialize our products and technology, and may impact the size of our business
or our profitability in ways that we do not currently envision. In addition, revenues from these types of relationships are a key
part of our cash plan for 2016 and beyond. If we fail to collect expected collaboration revenues, or to identify and add sufficient
additional collaborations to fund our planned operations, we may be unable to fund our operations or pursue development and commercialization
of our planned products. To achieve our collaboration revenue targets from year to year, we may be forced to enter into agreements
that contain less favorable terms. As part of our current and future collaboration arrangements, we may be required to make significant
capital investments at our existing or new facilities in order to produce molecules or other products for such collaborations.
Any failure or difficulties in establishing, building up or retooling our operations for these collaboration arrangements could
have a significant negative impact on our business, including our ability to achieve commercial viability for our products, lead
to the inability to meet our contractual obligations and could cause us to allocate capital, personnel and other resources from
our organization which could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

With respect to pharmaceutical collaborations,
our experience in this industry is limited, so we may have difficulty identifying and securing collaboration partners and customers
for pharmaceutical applications of our products and services. Furthermore, our success in pharmaceuticals depends primarily upon
our ability to identify and validate new small molecule compounds of pharmaceutical interest (including through the use of our
discovery platform), and identify, test, develop and commercialize such compounds. Our research efforts may initially show promise
in discovering potential new therapeutic candidates, yet fail to yield viable product candidates for clinical development for a
number of reasons, including: 

because our research methodology, including our screening technology, may not successfully identify
medically relevant product candidates;   

we may identify and select from our discovery platform novel, untested classes of product candidates
for the particular disease indication we are pursuing, which may be challenging to validate because of the novelty of the product
candidates or we may fail to validate at all after further research work;   

our product candidates may cause adverse effects in patients or subjects, even after successful
initial toxicology studies, which may make the product candidates unmarketable;   

our product candidates may not demonstrate a meaningful benefit to patients or subjects; and   

collaboration partners may change their development profiles or plans for potential product candidates
or abandon a therapeutic area or the development of a partnered product.   

Research programs to identify new product targets
and candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources. We may focus our efforts and resources on potential
discovery efforts, programs or product candidates that ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. 

Our manufacturing operations require sugar feedstock, energy
and steam, and the inability to obtain such feedstock, energy and steam in sufficient quantities or in a timely manner, or at reasonable
prices, may limit our ability to produce our products profitably, or at all.   

We anticipate that the production of our products
will require large volumes of feedstock. We have relied on a mixture of feedstock sources for use at our contract manufacturing
operations, including cane sugar, corn-based dextrose and beet molasses. For our large-scale production facilities in Brazil, we
are relying primarily on Brazilian sugarcane. We cannot predict the future availability or price of these various feedstocks, nor
can we be sure that our mill partners, which we expect to supply the sugarcane feedstock necessary to produce our products in Brazil,
will be able to supply it in sufficient quantities or in a timely manner. For example, in December 2015, Tonon, one of our suppliers
of sugarcane juice, filed for bankruptcy protection in Brazil, which may adversely affect its ability to supply us with sugarcane
juice in the future. Furthermore, to the extent we are required to rely on sugar feedstock other than Brazilian sugarcane, the
cost of such feedstock may be higher than we expect, increasing our anticipated production costs. Feedstock crop yields and sugar
content depend on weather conditions, such as rainfall and temperature. Weather conditions have historically caused volatility
in the ethanol and sugar industries by causing crop failures or reduced harvests. Excessive rainfall can adversely affect the supply
of sugarcane and other sugar feedstock available for the production of our products by reducing the sucrose content and limiting
growers' ability to harvest. Crop disease and pestilence can also occur from time to time and can adversely affect feedstock growth,
potentially rendering useless or unusable all or a substantial portion of affected harvests. With respect to sugarcane, our initial
primary feedstock, seasonal availability and price, the limited amount of time during which it keeps its sugar content after harvest,
and the fact that sugarcane is not itself a traded commodity, increases these risks and limits our ability to substitute supply
in the event of such an occurrence. If production of sugarcane or any other feedstock we may use to produce our products is adversely
affected by these or other conditions, our production will be impaired, and our business will be adversely affected. 

Additionally, our facility in Brotas Brazil
depends on large quantities of energy and steam to operate. We have a supply agreement with Cogera  o de Energia
El trica Rhodia Brotas S.A. pursuant to which we receive energy and steam in sufficient amounts to meet our current needs.
However, we cannot predict the future availability or price of energy and steam. If, for whatever reason, we must purchase energy
or steam from a different supplier, the cost of such energy and steam may be higher than we expect, increasing our anticipated
production costs. Droughts or other weather conditions or natural disasters in Brazil may also affect energy and steam production,
cost and availability and, therefore, may adversely affect our production. If the supply and access to energy or steam is adversely
affected by these or other conditions, our production will be impaired, and our business will be adversely affected. 

The price of sugarcane and other feedstocks can be volatile
as a result of changes in industry policy and may increase the cost of production of our products.   

In Brazil, Conselho dos Produtores de Cana,
A  car e  lcool (Council of Sugarcane, Sugar and Ethanol Producers or Consecana), an industry association
of producers of sugarcane, sugar and ethanol, sets market terms and prices for general supply, lease and partnership agreements
for sugarcane. If Consecana makes changes to such terms and prices, this could result in higher sugarcane prices and/or a significant
decrease in the volume of sugarcane available for the production of our products. Furthermore, if Consecana were to cease to be
involved in this process, such prices and terms could become more volatile. Similar principles apply to pricing of other feedstocks
as well. Any of these events could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our large-scale commercial production capacity is centered
in Brazil, and our business will be adversely affected if we do not operate effectively in that country.   

For the foreseeable future, we will be subject
to risks associated with the concentration of essential product sourcing and operations in Brazil. The Brazilian government has
changed in the past, and may change in the future, monetary, taxation, credit, tariff, labor and other policies to influence the
course of Brazil's economy. For example, the government's actions to control inflation have at times involved setting wage and
price controls, adjusting interest rates, imposing taxes and exchange controls and limiting imports into Brazil. We have no control
over, and cannot predict what policies or actions the Brazilian government may take in the future. Our business, financial performance
and prospects may be adversely affected by, among others, the following factors: 

delays or failures in securing licenses, permits or other governmental approvals necessary to build
and operate facilities and use our yeast strains to produce products;   

rapid consolidation in the sugar and ethanol industries in Brazil, which could result in a decrease in competition;   

political, economic, diplomatic or social instability in or affecting Brazil;   

changing interest rates;   

tax burden and policies;   

effects of changes in currency exchange rates;   

any changes in currency exchange policy that lead to the imposition of exchange controls or restrictions
on remittances abroad;   

inflation;   

land reform or nationalization movements;   

changes in labor related policies;   

export or import restrictions that limit our ability to move our products out of Brazil or interfere
with the import of essential materials into Brazil;   

changes in, or interpretations of foreign regulations that may adversely affect our ability to
sell our products or repatriate profits to the United States;   

tariffs, trade protection measures and other regulatory requirements;   

compliance with United States and foreign laws that regulate the conduct of business abroad;   

compliance with anti-corruption laws recently enacted in Brazil;   

an inability, or reduced ability, to protect our intellectual property in Brazil including any
effect of compulsory licensing imposed by government action; and   

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations.   

We cannot predict whether the current or future
Brazilian government will implement changes to existing policies on taxation, exchange controls, monetary strategy, labor relations,
social security and the like, nor can we estimate the impact of any such changes on the Brazilian economy or our operations. 

Brazil s economy has recently experienced
quarters of slow or negative gross domestic product growth and has experienced high inflation and a growing fiscal deficit of its
federal government accounts. In addition, in recent months, major corruption scandals involving members of the executive, state-controlled
enterprises and large private sector companies have been disclosed and are the subject of ongoing investigation by federal authorities.
The final outcome of these investigations and their impact on the Brazilian economy is not yet known. 

Our international operations expose us to the risk of fluctuation
in currency exchange rates and rates of foreign inflation, which could adversely affect our results of operations.   

We currently incur significant costs and expenses
in Brazilian real and may in the future incur additional expenses in foreign currencies and derive a portion of our revenues in
the local currencies of customers throughout the world. As a result, our revenues and results of operations are subject to foreign
exchange fluctuations, which we may not be able to manage successfully. During the past few decades, the Brazilian currency in
particular has faced frequent and substantial exchange rate fluctuations in relation to the United States dollar and other foreign
currencies. There can be no assurance that the Brazilian real will not significantly appreciate or depreciate against the United
States dollar in the future. We also bear the risk that the rate of inflation in the foreign countries where we incur costs and
expenses or the decline in value of the United States dollar compared to those foreign currencies will increase our costs as expressed
in United States dollars. For example, future measures by the Central Bank of Brazil to control inflation, including interest rate
adjustments, intervention in the foreign exchange market and actions to fix the value of the real, may weaken the United States
dollar in Brazil. Whether in Brazil or otherwise, we may not be able to adjust the prices of our products to offset the effects
of inflation or foreign currency appreciation on our cost structure, which could increase our costs and reduce our net operating
margins. If we do not successfully manage these risks through hedging or other mechanisms, our revenues and results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

Our use of genetically-modified feedstocks and yeast strains
to produce our products subjects us to risks of regulatory limitations and rejection of our products.   

The use of genetically modified microorganisms
(or  GMMs ), such as our yeast strains, is subject to laws and regulations in many countries, some of which are new
and some of which are still evolving. Public attitudes about the safety and environmental hazards of, and ethical concerns over,
genetic research and GMMs could influence public acceptance of our technology and products. In the United States, the Environmental
Protection Agency (or  EPA ), regulates the commercial use of GMMs as well as potential products produced from the
GMMs. Various states or local governments within the United States could choose to regulate products made with GMMs as well. While
the strain of genetically modified yeast that we currently use for the development and anticipate using for the commercial production
of our target molecules,  S. cerevisiae , is eligible for exemption from EPA review because it is recognized as posing a low
risk, we must satisfy certain criteria to achieve this exemption, including but not limited to use of compliant containment structures
and safety procedures, and we cannot be sure that we will meet such criteria in a timely manner, or at all. If exemption of  S.
cerevisiae  is not obtained, our business may be substantially harmed. In addition to  S. cerevisiae , we may seek to use
different GMMs in the future that will require EPA approval. If approval of different GMMs is not secured, our ability to grow
our business could be adversely affected. 

In Brazil, GMMs are regulated by the National
Biosafety Technical Commission (or  CTNBio ). We have obtained approval from CTNBio to use GMMs in a contained environment
in our Campinas facilities for research and development purposes as well as at a contract manufacturing facility in Brazil. In
addition, we have obtained initial commercial approval from CTNBio for one of our current yeast strains. As we continue to develop
new yeast strains and deploy our technology at new production facilities in Brazil, we will be required to obtain further approvals
from CTNBio in order to use these strains in commercial production in Brazil. We may not be able to obtain approvals from relevant
Brazilian authorities on a timely basis, or at all, and if we do not, our ability to produce our products in Brazil would be impaired,
which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition to our production operations in
the United States and Brazil, we have been party to contract manufacturing agreements with parties in other production locations
around the world, including Europe. The use of GMM technology is strictly regulated in the European Union, which has established
various directives for member states regarding regulation of the use of such technology, including notification processes for contained
use of such technology. We expect to encounter GMM regulations in most, if not all, of the countries in which we may seek to establish
production capabilities and/or conduct sales to customers or end-use consumers, and the scope and nature of these regulations will
likely be different from country to country. If we cannot meet the applicable requirements in other countries in which we intend
to produce products using our yeast strains, or if it takes longer than anticipated to obtain such approvals, our business could
be adversely affected. Furthermore, there are various non-governmental and quasi-governmental organizations that review and certify
products with respect to the determination of whether products can be classified as  natural  or other similar classifications.
While the certification from such non-governmental and quasi-governmental organizations is generally not mandatory, some of our
current or prospective customers or distributors may require that we meet the standards set by such organizations as a condition
precedent to purchasing or distributing our products. We cannot be certain that we will be able to satisfy the standards of such
organizations, and any delay or failure to do so could harm our ability to sell or distribute some or all of our products to certain
customers and prospective customers, which could have a negative impact on our business. 

We may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for the sale
of our renewable products.   

Our renewable chemical products may be subject
to government regulation in our target markets. In the United States, the EPA administers the Toxic Substances Control Act (or
 TSCA ), which regulates the commercial registration, distribution, and use of many chemicals. Before an entity can
manufacture or distribute a new chemical subject to TSCA, it must file a Pre-Manufacture Notice (or  PMN ) to add the
chemical to a product. The EPA has 90 days to review the filing but may request additional data which significantly extends the
timeline for approval. As a result we may not receive EPA approval to list future molecules as expeditiously as we would like in
order to make on the TSCA registry, resulting in delays or significant increases in testing requirements. A similar program exists
in the European Union, called REACH. Under this program, chemicals imported or manufactured in the European Union in certain quantities
must be registered with the European Chemicals Agency, and this process could cause delays or significant costs. To the extent
that other geographies in which we are selling (or may seek to sell) our products, such as Brazil and various countries in Asia,
may rely on TSCA or REACH (or similar laws and programs) for chemical registration in their geographies, delays with the United
States or European authorities, or any relevant local authorities in such other geographies, may subsequently delay entry into
these markets as well. In addition, some of our Biofene-derived products are sold for the cosmetics market, and some countries
may impose additional regulatory requirements or permits for such uses, which could impair, delay or prevent sales of our products
in those markets. 

Our diesel and jet fuel is subject to regulation
by various government agencies, including the EPA, and the California Air Resources Board (or  CARB ) in the United
States and Ag ncia Nacional do Petr leo, Gas Natural e Biocombust veis (or  ANP ), in Brazil. To
date, we have obtained registration with the EPA for the use of our diesel fuel in the United States at a 35% blend rate with petroleum
diesel. Farnesane is also listed on the TSCA inventory. In addition, ANP has authorized the use our diesel fuel at blend rates
of 10% and 30% for specific transportation fleets. In Europe, we obtained REACH registration for importing/manufacturing less than
1,000 metric tons of farnesane (for use as diesel and jet fuel) per year and are pursuing data validation to maintain registration.
Registration with each of these bodies is required for the import, sale and use of our fuels within their respective jurisdictions.
Jet fuel (aviation turbine fuel) validation and specifications are subject to the ASTM International industry consensus process
and the Brazilian ANP national adoption process. Any failure to achieve required validation and certifications for our jet fuel
could impair or delay our plans to introduce a jet fuel product in Brazil, which could have a material adverse impact on our renewable
product revenues for the year.   In addition, for us to achieve full access to the United States fuels market for our
fuel products, we will need to obtain EPA and CARB (and potentially other state agencies) certifications for our feedstock pathway
and production facilities, including certification of a feedstock lifecycle analysis relating to greenhouse gas emissions. Any
delay in obtaining these additional certifications could impair our ability to sell our renewable fuels to refiners, importers,
blenders and other parties that produce transportation fuels as they comply with federal and state requirements to include certified
renewable fuels in their products. 

We expect to encounter regulations in most,
if not all, of the countries in which we may seek to sell our renewable chemical and fuel products (and our customers may encounter
similar regulations in selling end use products to consumers), and we cannot assure you that we (or our customers) will be able
to obtain necessary approvals in a timely manner or at all. If our chemical and fuel products do not meet applicable regulatory
requirements in a particular country or at all, then we (or our customers) may not be able to commercialize our products and our
business will be adversely affected. 

Changes in government regulations, including subsidies and
economic incentives, could have a material adverse effect upon our business.   

The market for renewable fuels is heavily influenced
by foreign, federal, state and local government regulations and policies. Changes to existing or adoption of new domestic or foreign
federal, state and local legislative initiatives that impact the production, distribution or sale of renewable fuels may harm our
renewable fuels business. In the United States and in a number of other countries, regulations and policies encouraging production
and use of alternative fuels have been modified in the past and may be modified again in the future. Any reduction in mandated
requirements for fuel alternatives and additives to gasoline or diesel may cause demand for biofuels to decline and deter investment
in the research and development of renewable fuels. The market uncertainty regarding this and future standards and policies may
also affect our ability to develop new renewable products or to license our technologies to third parties and to sell products
to our end customers. Any inability to address these requirements and any regulatory or policy changes could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Concerns associated with renewable fuels, including
land usage, national security interests and food crop usage, continue to receive legislative, industry and public attention. This
attention could result in future legislation, regulation and/or administrative action that could adversely affect our business.
Any inability to address these requirements and any regulatory or policy changes could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore, the production of our products
will depend on the availability of feedstock, especially sugarcane. Agricultural production and trade flows are subject to government
policies and regulations. Governmental policies affecting the agricultural industry, such as taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies,
incentives and import and export restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products, can influence the planting of
certain crops, the location and size of crop production, whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded, the volume
and types of imports and exports, and the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials. Future government
policies may adversely affect the supply of feedstocks, restrict our ability to use sugarcane or other feedstocks to produce our
products, and negatively impact our future revenues and results of operations or could encourage the use of feedstocks more advantageous
to our competitors which would put us at a commercial disadvantage. 

We may incur significant costs complying with environmental
laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to significant liabilities.   

We use hazardous chemicals and radioactive and
biological materials in our business and such materials are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations
governing the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials in the United States and in Brazil.
Although we have implemented safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials and related waste products in an effort
to comply with these laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that our safety measures will prevent accidental injury or contamination
from the use, storage, handling or disposal of hazardous materials. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable
for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our insurance coverage. There can be no assurance that violations of
environmental, health and safety laws will not occur in the future as a result of human error, accident, equipment failure or other
causes. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and the failure to comply with past, present,
or future laws could result in the imposition of fines, third party property damage, product liability and personal injury claims,
investigation and remediation costs, the suspension of production, or a cessation of operations, and our liability may exceed our
total assets. Liability under environmental laws can be joint and several, without regard to comparative fault and may be punitive
in nature. Environmental laws could become more stringent over time, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and
penalties associated with violations, which could impair our research, development or production efforts and harm our business. 

A decline in the price of petroleum and petroleum-based products
has in the past and may in the future reduce demand for some of our renewable products and may otherwise adversely affect our business.   

While many of our products do not compete with,
and do not serve as alternatives to, petroleum-based products, we anticipate that some of our renewable products, and in particular
our fuels, will be marketed as alternatives to corresponding petroleum-based products. The price of oil has fallen significantly
in recent years, and accordingly, we may be unable to produce certain of our products as cost-effective alternatives to petroleum-based
products. Declining oil prices, or the perception of a sustained or future decline in oil prices, has adversely affected the prices
or demand for such products in the past and may do so in the future. During sustained periods of lower oil prices we may be unable
to sell such products at anticipated levels, which could negatively impact our operating results. 

Our financial results could vary significantly from quarter
to quarter and are difficult to predict.   

Our revenues and results of operations could
vary significantly from quarter to quarter because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result,
comparing our results of operations on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Factors that could cause our quarterly results
of operations to fluctuate include: 

achievement, or failure, with respect to technology, product development or manufacturing milestones
needed to allow us to enter identified markets on a cost effective basis;   

delays or greater than anticipated expenses associated with the completion or commissioning of
new production facilities, or the time to ramp up and stabilize production following completion of a new production facility or
the transition to, and ramp up of, producing new molecules at our existing facilities;   

impairment of assets based on shifting business priorities and working capital limitations;   

disruptions in the production process at any manufacturing facility, including disruptions due
to seasonal or unexpected downtime at our facilities as a result of feedstock availability, contamination, safety or other issues
or other technical difficulties or the scheduled downtime at our facilities as a result of transitioning our equipment to the production
of different molecules;   

losses of, or the inability to secure new, major customers, suppliers, distributors or collaboration partners;   

losses associated with producing our products as we ramp to commercial production levels;   

failure to recover value added tax (or "VAT") that we currently reflect as recoverable
in our financial statements (e.g., due to failure to meet conditions for reimbursement of VAT under local law);   

the timing, size and mix of sales to customers for our products;   

increases in price or decreases in availability of feedstock;   

the unavailability of contract manufacturing capacity altogether or at reasonable cost;   

exit costs associated with terminating contract manufacturing relationships;   

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates;   

gains or losses associated with our hedging activities;   

change in the fair value of derivative instruments;   

fluctuations in the price of and demand for sugar, ethanol, and petroleum-based and other products
for which our products are alternatives;   

seasonal variability in production and sales of our products;   

competitive pricing pressures, including decreases in average selling prices of our products;   

unanticipated expenses associated with changes in governmental regulations and environmental, health,
labor and safety requirements;   

reductions or changes to existing fuel and chemical regulations and policies;   

departure of executives or other key management employees resulting in transition and severance costs;   

our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income;   

business interruptions such as earthquakes, tsunamis and other natural disasters;   

our ability to integrate businesses that we may acquire;   

our ability to successfully collaborate with business venture partners;   

risks associated with the international aspects of our business; and   

changes in general economic, industry and market conditions, both domestically and in our foreign markets.   

As part of our operating plan for 2016, we are
planning to reduce our operating expenses in order to conserve cash. 

Due to the factors described above, among others,
the results of any quarterly or annual period may not meet our expectations or the expectations of our investors and may not be
meaningful indications of our future performance. 

Loss of key personnel, including key management personnel,
and/or failure to attract and retain additional personnel could delay our product development programs and harm our research and
development efforts and our ability to meet our business objectives.   

Our business involves complex, global operations
across a variety of markets and requires a management team and employee workforce that is knowledgeable in the many areas in which
we operate. As we continue to build our business, we will need to hire and retain qualified research and development, management
and other personnel to succeed. The process of hiring, training and successfully integrating qualified personnel into our operations,
in the United States, Brazil and other countries in which we may seek to operate, is a lengthy and expensive one. The market for
qualified personnel is very competitive because of the limited number of people available who have the necessary technical skills
and understanding of our technology and anticipated products, particularly in Brazil. Our failure to hire and retain qualified
personnel could impair our ability to meet our research and development and business objectives and adversely affect our results
of operations and financial condition. 

The loss of any key member of our management
or key technical and operational employees, or the failure to attract or retain such employees, could prevent us from developing
and commercializing our products for our target markets and executing our business strategy. We also may not be able to attract
or retain qualified employees in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology and other
technology-based businesses, particularly in the renewable chemicals and fuels area, or due to the availability of personnel with
the qualifications or experience necessary for our business. In addition, reductions to our workforce as part of cost-saving measures,
such as those discussed above with respect to our 2016 operating plan, may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain
key employees. If we do not maintain the necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience staffing
constraints that will adversely affect our ability to meet the demands of our collaborators and customers in a timely fashion or
to support our internal research and development programs and operations. In particular, our product and process development programs
depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical and operational personnel. Competition for such personnel
from numerous companies and academic and other research institutions may limit our ability to do so on acceptable terms. All of
our employees are  at-will  employees, which means that either the employee or we may terminate their employment at
any time. 

Growth may place significant demands on our management and
our infrastructure.   

We have experienced, and expect to continue
to experience, expansion of our business as we continue to make efforts to develop and bring our products to market. We have grown
from 18 employees at the end of 2005 to 394 at September 30, 2016. Our growth and diversified operations have placed, and
may continue to place, significant demands on our management and our operational and financial infrastructure. In particular, continued
growth could strain our ability to: 

manage multiple research and development programs;   

operate multiple manufacturing facilities around the world;   

develop and improve our operational, financial and management controls;   

enhance our reporting systems and procedures;   

recruit, train and retain highly skilled personnel;   

develop and maintain our relationships with existing and potential business partners;   

maintain our quality standards; and   

maintain customer satisfaction.   

Managing our growth will require significant
expenditures and allocation of valuable management resources. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in our organization
as it grows, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely impacted. 

Our proprietary rights may not adequately protect our technologies
and product candidates.   

Our commercial success will depend substantially
on our ability to obtain patents and maintain adequate legal protection for our technologies and product candidates in the United
States and other countries. As of September 30, 2016, we had 441 issued United States and foreign patents and 347 pending
United States and foreign patent applications that were owned by or licensed to us. We will be able to protect our proprietary
rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies and future products are covered
by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. 

We apply for patents covering both our technologies
and product candidates, as we deem appropriate. However, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and defending patents on product candidates
in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries
outside the United States are less extensive than those in the United States. We may also fail to apply for patents on important
technologies or product candidates in a timely fashion, or at all. Our existing and future patents may not be sufficiently broad
to prevent others from practicing our technologies or from designing products around our patents or otherwise developing competing
products or technologies. In addition, the patent positions of companies like ours are highly uncertain and involve complex legal
and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of patent
claims has emerged to date in the United States and the landscape is expected to become even more uncertain in view of recent rule
changes by the United States Patent Office (or "USPTO"). Additional uncertainty may result from legal precedent by the
United States Federal Circuit and Supreme Court as they determine legal issues concerning the scope and construction of patent
claims and inconsistent interpretation of patent laws or from legislation enacted by the U.S. Congress. The patent situation outside
of the United States is even less predictable. As a result, the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with
certainty. Moreover, we cannot be certain whether: 

we (or our licensors) were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our issued patents
and pending patent applications;   

we (or our licensors) were the first to file patent applications for these inventions;   

others will independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies;   

any of our or our licensors' patents will be valid or enforceable;   

any patents issued to us (or our licensors) will provide us with any competitive advantages, or
will be challenged by third parties;   

we will develop additional proprietary products or technologies that are patentable; or   

the patents of others will have an adverse effect on our business.   

We do not know whether any of our pending patent
applications or those pending patent applications that we license will result in the issuance of any patents. Even if patents are
issued, they may not be sufficient to protect our technology or product candidates. The patents we own or license and those that
may be issued in the future may be challenged, invalidated, rendered unenforceable, or circumvented, and the rights granted under
any issued patents may not provide us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages. Moreover, third parties could practice
our inventions in territories where we do not have patent protection or in territories where they could obtain a compulsory license
to our technology where patented. Such third parties may then try to import products made using our inventions into the United
States or other territories. Accordingly, we cannot ensure that any of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents,
or even if issued, predict the breadth, validity and enforceability of the claims upheld in our and other companies' patents. 

Many companies have encountered significant
problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries
do not favor the enforcement of patents or other intellectual property rights, which could hinder us from preventing the infringement
of our patents or other intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in the United States or foreign
jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could
put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could
provoke third parties to assert patent infringement or other claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate
and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our
intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual
property that we develop or license from third parties. 

Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or
otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. Monitoring unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, and
we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology, particularly in certain foreign
countries where the local laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States or may provide, today or
in the future, for compulsory licenses. If competitors are able to use our technology, our ability to compete effectively could
be harmed. Moreover, others may independently develop and obtain patents for technologies that are similar to, or superior to,
our technologies. If that happens, we may need to license these technologies, and we may not be able to obtain licenses on reasonable
terms, if at all, which could cause harm to our business. 

We rely in part on trade secrets to protect our technology,
and our failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position.   

We rely on trade secrets to protect some of
our technology, particularly where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are
difficult to maintain and protect. Our strategy for contract manufacturing and scale-up of commercial production requires us to
share confidential information with our international business partners and other parties. Our product development collaborations
with third parties, including with Total, require us to share confidential information, including with employees of Total who are
seconded to Amyris during the term of the collaboration. While we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our or our
business partners' employees, consultants, contractors or scientific and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose
our proprietary information to competitors. Enforcement of claims that a third party has illegally obtained and is using trade
secrets is expensive, time consuming and uncertain. In addition, foreign courts are sometimes less willing than United States courts
to protect trade secrets. If our competitors independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how, we would not be
able to assert our trade secrets against them. 

We require new employees and consultants to
execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting arrangement with us. We additionally require
consultants, contractors, advisors, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators and other third parties that may
receive trade secret information to execute confidentiality agreements. These agreements generally require that all confidential
information developed by the individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual's relationship
with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements also generally provide that inventions conceived
by the individual in the course of rendering services to us shall be our exclusive property. Nevertheless, our proprietary information
may be disclosed, or these agreements may be unenforceable or difficult to enforce. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully
obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent such third party, or those to whom they
communicate such technology or information, from using that technology or information to compete with us. Additionally, trade secret
law in Brazil differs from that in the United States which requires us to take a different approach to protecting our trade secrets
in Brazil. Some of these approaches to trade secret protection may be novel and untested under Brazilian law and we cannot guarantee
that we would prevail if our trade secrets are contested in Brazil. If any of the above risks materializes, our failure to obtain
or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 

We may not be able to fully enforce covenants not to compete
and not to solicit with our employees, and therefore we may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise
of such employees.   

Our proprietary information and inventions agreements
with our employees contain non-compete and non-solicitation provisions. These provisions prohibit our employees from competing
directly with our business or proposed business or working for our competitors during their term of employment, and from directly
and indirectly soliciting our employees and consultants to leave our company for any purpose. Under applicable U.S. and Brazilian
law, we may be unable to enforce these provisions. If we cannot enforce these provisions with our employees, we may be unable to
prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of such employees. Even if these provisions are enforceable, they may
not adequately protect our interests. The defection of one or more of our employees to a competitor could materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations and ability to capitalize on our proprietary information. 

Third parties may misappropriate our yeast strains.   

Third parties, including contract manufacturers,
sugar and ethanol mill owners, other contractors and shipping agents, often have custody or control of our yeast strains. If our
yeast strains were stolen, misappropriated or reverse engineered, they could be used by other parties who may be able to reproduce
the yeast strains for their own commercial gain. If this were to occur, it would be difficult for us to challenge and prevent this
type of use, especially in countries where we have limited intellectual property protection or that do not have robust intellectual
property law regimes. 

If we or one of our collaborators are sued for infringing
intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of third parties, litigation could be costly and time consuming and could
prevent us from developing or commercializing our future products.   

Our commercial success depends on our and our
collaborators  ability to operate without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of other parties and without breaching
any agreements we have entered into with regard to our technologies and product candidates. We cannot determine with certainty
whether patents or patent applications of other parties may materially affect our ability to conduct our business. Our industry
spans several sectors, including biotechnology, renewable fuels, renewable specialty chemicals and other renewable compounds, and
is characterized by the existence of a significant number of patents and disputes regarding patent and other intellectual property
rights. Because patent applications can take several years to issue, there may currently be pending applications, unknown to us,
that may result in issued patents that cover our technologies or product candidates. We are aware of a significant number of patents
and patent applications relating to aspects of our technologies filed by, and issued to, third parties. The existence of third-party
patent applications and patents could significantly reduce the coverage of patents owned by or licensed to us and our collaborators
and limit our ability to obtain meaningful patent protection. If we wish to make, use, sell, offer to sell, or import the technology
or compound claimed in issued and unexpired patents owned by others, we will need to obtain a license from the owner, enter into
litigation to challenge the validity of the patents or incur the risk of litigation in the event that the owner asserts that we
infringe its patents. If patents containing competitive or conflicting claims are issued to third parties and these claims are
ultimately determined to be valid, we and our collaborators may be enjoined from pursing research, development, or commercialization
of products, or be required to obtain licenses to these patents, or to develop or obtain alternative technologies. 

If a third-party asserts that we infringe upon
its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of issues that could seriously harm our competitive position, including: 

infringement and other intellectual property claims, which could be costly and time consuming to
litigate, whether or not the claims have merit, and which could delay getting our products to market and divert management attention
from our business;   

substantial damages for past infringement, which we may have to pay if a court determines that
our product candidates or technologies infringe a third party's patent or other proprietary rights;   

a court prohibiting us from selling or licensing our technologies or future products unless the
holder licenses the patent or other proprietary rights to us, which it is not required to do; and   

if a license is available from a third party, such third party may require us to pay substantial
royalties or grant cross licenses to our patents or proprietary rights.   

The industries in which we operate, and the
biotechnology industry in particular, are characterized by frequent and extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual
property rights. Many biotechnology companies have employed intellectual property litigation as a way to gain a competitive advantage.
If any of our competitors have filed patent applications or obtained patents that claim inventions also claimed by us, we may have
to participate in interference proceedings declared by the relevant patent regulatory agency to determine priority of invention
and, thus, the right to the patents for these inventions in the United States. These proceedings could result in substantial cost
to us even if the outcome is favorable. Even if successful, an interference proceeding may result in loss of certain claims. Our
involvement in litigation, interferences, opposition proceedings or other intellectual property proceedings inside and outside
of the United States, to defend our intellectual property rights, or as a result of alleged infringement of the rights of others,
may divert management time from focusing on business operations and could cause us to spend significant resources, all of which
could harm our business and results of operations. 

Many of our employees were previously employed
at universities, biotechnology, specialty chemical or oil companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may
be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary
information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such
claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel and be enjoined
from certain activities. A loss of key research personnel or their work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize
our product candidates, which could severely harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation
could result in substantial costs and demand on management resources. 

We may need to commence litigation to enforce our intellectual
property rights, which would divert resources and management's time and attention and the results of which would be uncertain.   

Enforcement of claims that a third party is
using our proprietary rights without permission is expensive, time consuming and uncertain. Significant litigation would result
in substantial costs, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us and would divert management's attention from our business
objectives. In addition, an adverse outcome in litigation could result in a substantial loss of our proprietary rights and we may
lose our ability to exclude others from practicing our technology or producing our product candidates. 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Many companies have encountered significant
problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain
countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection,
particularly those relating to biotechnology and/or bioindustrial technologies. This could make it difficult for us to stop the
infringement of our patents or misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights
in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business.
Moreover, our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights in such countries may be inadequate. 

We do not have exclusive rights to intellectual property we developed under U.S.
federally funded research grants and contracts, including with DARPA and we could ultimately share or lose the rights we do have
under certain circumstances.   

Some of our intellectual property rights have
been or may be developed in the course of research funded by the U.S. government, including under our agreements with DARPA. As
a result, the U.S. government may have certain rights to intellectual property embodied in our current or future products pursuant
to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980. Government rights in certain inventions developed under a government-funded program include a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the U.S. government
has the right to require us, or an assignee or exclusive licensee to such inventions, to grant licenses to any of these inventions
to a third party if they determine that: (i) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (ii) government
action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; (iii) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public
use under federal regulations; or (iv) the right to use or sell such inventions is exclusively licensed to an entity within the
U.S. and substantially manufactured outside the U.S. without the U.S. government s prior approval. Additionally, we may be
restricted from granting exclusive licenses for the right to use or sell our inventions created pursuant to such agreements unless
the licensee agrees to additional restrictions (e.g., manufacturing substantially all of the invention in the U.S.). The U.S. government
also has the right to take title to these inventions if we fail to disclose the invention to the government and fail to file an
application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. In addition, the U.S. government may acquire title
in any country in which a patent application is not filed within specified time limits. Additionally, certain inventions are subject
to transfer restrictions during the term of these agreements and for a period thereafter, including sales of products or components,
transfers to foreign subsidiaries for the purpose of the relevant agreements, and transfers to certain foreign third parties. If
any of our intellectual property becomes subject to any of the rights or remedies available to the U.S. government or third parties
pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, this could impair the value of our intellectual property and could adversely affect our
business. 

Our products subject us to product-safety risks, and we may
be sued for product liability.   

The design, development, production and sale
of our products involve an inherent risk of product liability claims and the associated adverse publicity. Our potential products
could be used by a wide variety of consumers with varying levels of sophistication. Although safety is a priority for us, we are
not always in control of the final uses and formulations of the products we supply or their use as ingredients. Our products could
have detrimental impacts or adverse impacts we cannot anticipate. Despite our efforts, negative publicity about Amyris, including
product safety or similar concerns, whether real or perceived, could occur, and our products could face withdrawal, recall or other
quality issues. In addition, we may be named directly in product liability suits relating to our products, even for defects resulting
from errors of our commercial partners, contract manufacturers, chemical finishers or customers or end users of our products. These
claims could be brought by various parties, including customers who are purchasing products directly from us or other users who
purchase products from our customers. We could also be named as co-parties in product liability suits that are brought against
the contract manufacturers or Brazilian sugar and ethanol mills with whom we partner to produce our products. Insurance coverage
is expensive, may be difficult to obtain and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms. We cannot be certain that
our contract manufacturers or the sugar and ethanol producers who partner with us to produce our products will have adequate insurance
coverage to cover against potential claims. Any insurance we do maintain may not provide adequate coverage against potential losses,
and if claims or losses exceed our liability insurance coverage, our business would be adversely impacted. In addition, insurance
coverage may become more expensive, which would harm our results of operations. 

During the ordinary course of business, we may become subject
to lawsuits or indemnity claims, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.   

From time to time, we may in the ordinary course
of business be named as a defendant in lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings. These actions may seek, among other things,
compensation for alleged personal injury, worker's compensation, employment discrimination, breach of contract, property damages,
civil penalties and other losses of injunctive or declaratory relief. In the event that such actions or indemnities are ultimately
resolved unfavorably at amounts exceeding our accrued liability, or at material amounts, the outcome could materially and adversely
affect our reputation, business and results of operations. In addition, payments of significant amounts, even if reserved, could
adversely affect our liquidity position. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls,
we might not be able to report our financial results accurately or in a timely manner or prevent fraud; in that case, our stockholders
could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and could negatively impact the price of our stock.   

Effective internal controls are necessary for
us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. In addition, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires
us and our independent registered public accounting firm to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting.
The process of implementing our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is expensive and time consuming, and requires
significant attention of management. We cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we maintain adequate controls over
our financial processes and reporting in the future. In addition, to the extent we create joint ventures or have any variable interest
entities and the financial statements of such entities are not prepared by us, we will not have direct control over their financial
statement preparation. As a result, we will, for our financial reporting, depend on what these entities report to us, which could
result in us adding monitoring and audit processes and increase the difficulty of implementing and maintaining adequate controls
over our financial processes and reporting in the future and could lead to delays in our external reporting. This may be particularly
true where we are establishing such entities with commercial partners that do not have sophisticated financial accounting processes
in place, or where we are entering into new relationships at a rapid pace, straining our integration capacity. Additionally, if
we do not receive the information from the joint venture or variable interest entity on a timely basis, this could cause delays
in our external reporting. Even if we conclude, and our independent registered public accounting firm concurs, that our internal
control over financial reporting provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. Failure to implement required
new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our results of operations or cause us
to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we or our independent registered public accounting firm discover a material weakness,
the disclosure of that fact, even if quickly remedied, could reduce the market's confidence in our financial statements and harm
our stock price. In addition, failure to comply with Section 404 could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions, including
SEC action, ineligibility for short form resale registration, the suspension or delisting of our common stock from the stock exchange
on which it is listed, and the inability of registered broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock, which would further
reduce our stock price and could harm our business. 

Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to
offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations.   

In general, under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code (or the  Code ), a corporation that undergoes an  ownership change  is subject to limitations
on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards (or  NOLs ), to offset future taxable income.
If the Internal Revenue Service challenges our analysis that our existing NOLs are not subject to limitations arising from previous
ownership changes, or if we undergo an ownership change, our ability to utilize NOLs could be limited by Section 382 of the Code.
Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section
382 of the Code. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOLs of companies that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations.
For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs carryforward as of June 30, 2016, even if we attain
profitability. 

Loss of, or inability to secure government contract revenues
could impair our business.   

We have contracts or subcontracts with certain
governmental agencies or their contractors. Generally, these agreements, as they may be amended or modified from time to time,
have fixed terms and may be terminated, modified or be subject to recovery of payments by the government agency under certain conditions
(such as failure to comply with detailed reporting and governance processes or failure to achieve milestones). Under these agreements,
we are also subject to audits, which can result in corrective action plans and penalties up to and including termination. If these
governmental agencies terminate these agreements with us, it could reduce our revenues which could harm our business. Additionally,
we anticipate securing additional government contracts as part of our business plan for 2015 and beyond. If we are unable to secure
such government contracts, it could harm our business. 

Our headquarters and other facilities are located in an active
earthquake and tsunami zone, and an earthquake or other types of natural disasters affecting us or our suppliers could cause resource
shortages and disrupt and harm our results of operations.   

We conduct our primary research and development
operations in the San Francisco Bay Area in an active earthquake and tsunami zone, and certain of our suppliers conduct their operations
in the same region or in other locations that are susceptible to natural disasters. In addition, California and some of the locations
where certain of our suppliers are located have experienced shortages of water, electric power and natural gas from time to time.
The occurrence of a natural disaster, such as an earthquake, drought or flood, or localized extended outages of critical utilities
or transportation systems, or any critical resource shortages, affecting us or our suppliers could cause a significant interruption
in our business, damage or destroy our facilities, production equipment or inventory or those of our suppliers and cause us to
incur significant costs or result in limitations on the availability of our raw materials, any of which could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. The insurance we maintain against fires, earthquakes and other natural disasters
may not be adequate to cover our losses in any particular case. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock  

Our stock price may be volatile.   

The market price of our common stock has been,
and we expect it to continue to be, subject to significant volatility, and it has declined significantly from our initial public
offering price. As of September 30, 2016, the reported closing price for our common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market was $0.58
per share. Market prices for securities of early stage companies have historically been particularly volatile. Such fluctuations
could be in response to, among other things, the factors described in this  Risk Factors  section, or other factors,
some of which are beyond our control, such as: 

fluctuations in our financial results or outlook or those of companies perceived to be similar to us;   

changes in estimates of our financial results or recommendations by securities analysts;   

changes in market valuations of similar companies;   

changes in the prices of commodities associated with our business such as sugar, ethanol and petroleum
or changes in the prices of commodities that some of our products may replace, such as oil and other petroleum sourced products;   

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt;   

announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic alliances;   

regulatory developments in the United States, Brazil, and/or other foreign countries;   

litigation involving us, our general industry or both;   

additions or departures of key personnel;   

investors' general perception of us; and   

changes in general economic, industry and market conditions.   

Furthermore, stock markets have experienced
price and volume fluctuations that have affected, and continue to affect, the market prices of equity securities of many companies.
These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market
fluctuations, as well as general economic, political and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes and international
currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. 

In the past, many companies that have experienced
volatility and sustained declines in the market price of their stock have become subject to securities class action and derivative
action litigation. We were involved in two such lawsuits, which were dismissed in 2014, and we may be the target of similar litigation
in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention from other
business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

If our common stock is delisted from The NASDAQ Stock Market,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price could be adversely affected, and the liquidity of our
stock and our ability to obtain financing could be impaired.   

On June 14, 2016, we received a notice from
The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (or  NASDAQ ) notifying us that we were not in compliance with the requirement of NASDAQ
Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) for continued listing on the NASDAQ Global Market as a result of the closing bid price of our common stock
being below $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. In accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we had 180
calendar days, or until December 12, 2016, to regain compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). To regain compliance, the
closing bid price of our common stock must be at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. On November
1, 2016, we received a notice from NASDAQ that we had regained compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) for continued listing
on the NASDAQ Global Market. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to comply with these requirements in the
future or that our common stock will remain listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

Any delisting of our common stock from The NASDAQ Stock Market could adversely affect our ability to attract
new investors, decrease the liquidity of our outstanding shares of common stock, reduce our flexibility to raise additional capital,
reduce the price at which our common stock trades, and increase the transaction costs inherent in trading such shares with overall
negative effects for our stockholders. In addition, delisting of our common stock could deter broker-dealers from making a market
in or otherwise seeking or generating interest in our common stock, and might deter certain institutions and persons from investing
in our securities at all. Furthermore, the delisting of our common stock from The NASDAQ Stock Market would constitute a breach
under certain of our financing agreements, including agreements governing our outstanding convertible indebtedness, which could
result in an acceleration of such indebtedness. See Note 5,  Debt  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included in this report for additional details. If such indebtedness is accelerated, it would generally also constitute
an event of default under our other outstanding indebtedness, permitting acceleration of such other outstanding indebtedness as
well. For these reasons and others, the delisting of our common stock from The NASDAQ Stock Market could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

The concentration of our capital stock ownership with insiders will limit the ability
to influence corporate matters and presents risks related to the operations of our significant stockholders.   

As of October 31, 2016: 

our executive officers and directors and their affiliates together held approximately 14% of our outstanding
common stock;   

Temasek (who has a designee on our Board of Directors) held approximately 26% of our outstanding common stock;
and   

Total held approximately 24% of our outstanding common stock.   

Furthermore, Total and Temasek each hold certain
of our convertible promissory notes, which are convertible into approximately 21,143,099 and 2,670,370 shares of our common stock,
respectively, as of October 31, 2016. Total and Temasek also hold certain warrants pursuant to which they may purchase shares
of our common stock. This significant concentration of share ownership may adversely affect the trading price for our common stock
because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with controlling stockholders. Also, these stockholders,
acting together, will be able to control our management and affairs and matters requiring stockholder approval, including the
election of directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidations or the sale of all
or substantially all of our assets. Consequently, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change of control, including a merger, consolidation or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a potential
acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control, even if that change of control would benefit our
other stockholders. 

The market price of our common stock could be negatively affected
by future sales of our common stock.   

If our existing stockholders, particularly our
largest stockholders, our directors, their affiliates, or our executive officers, sell a substantial number of shares of our common
stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decrease significantly. The perception in the public market
that these stockholders might sell our common stock could also depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our
future ability to obtain capital, especially through an offering of equity securities. 

We also have in place a registration statement
for the resale of shares of common stock held by, or issuable to, certain of our largest stockholders. All common stock sold pursuant
to an offering covered by such registration statement will be freely transferable. 

Shares issuable under our equity incentive plans
have been registered on a Form S-8 registration statement and may be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, except for
shares held by affiliates who have certain restrictions on their ability to sell. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease
publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock
adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline.   

The trading market for our common stock will
be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or
our competitors. If any of the analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, or provide more
favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us
were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets,
which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

We do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable
future.   

We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends
to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, certain of our equipment leases and credit facilities currently
restrict our ability to pay dividends. Consequently, investors may need to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation,
which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should
not purchase our common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt.   

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws
contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it more difficult
for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions include: 

a staggered board of directors;   

authorizing the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock with
rights senior to those of our common stock;   

authorizing the board of directors to amend our bylaws and to fill board vacancies until the next
annual meeting of the stockholders;   

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent;   

limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers;   

eliminating the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; and   

requiring advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals.   

Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law prohibits, subject to some exceptions,  business combinations  between a Delaware corporation and an  interested
stockholder,  which is generally defined as a stockholder who becomes a beneficial owner of 15% or more of a Delaware corporation's
voting stock, for a three-year period following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. We have agreed
to opt out of Section 203 through our certificate of incorporation, but our certificate of incorporation contains substantially
similar protections to our company and stockholders as those afforded under Section 203, except that we have agreed with Total
that it and its affiliates will not be deemed to be  interested stockholders  under such protections. 

In addition, we have an agreement with Total,
which provides that, so long as Total holds at least 10% of our voting securities, we must inform Total of any offer to acquire
us or any decision of our Board of Directors to sell our company, and we must provide Total with information about the contemplated
transaction. In such events, Total will have an exclusive negotiating period of fifteen business days in the event the Board of
Directors authorizes us to solicit offers to buy Amyris, or five business days in the event that we receive an unsolicited offer
to purchase us. This exclusive negotiation period will be followed by an additional restricted negotiation period of ten business
days, during which we are obligated to continue to negotiate with Total and will be prohibited from entering into an agreement
with any other potential acquirer. 

These and other provisions in our restated certificate
of incorporation and our restated bylaws that became effective upon the completion of our initial public offering under Delaware
law and in our agreements with Total could discourage potential takeover attempts, reduce the price that investors might be willing
to pay in the future for shares of our common stock and result in the market price of our common stock being lower than it would
be without these provisions. 

Conversion of our outstanding convertible promissory notes
or the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase our common stock will dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders
or may otherwise depress the market price of our common stock.   

The conversion of some or all of our outstanding
convertible promissory notes or the exercise of some or all of outstanding warrants to purchase our common stock will dilute the
ownership interests of existing stockholders. In particular, the exercise of the warrants which have a $0.01 per share exercise
price will dilute the economic ownership interest of our existing stockholders. In addition, any sales in the public market of
the shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion or exercise could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our
common stock. Furthermore, the existence of our outstanding convertible promissory notes and warrants may encourage short selling
by market participants because the anticipated conversion of such notes into, or exercise of such warrants for, shares of our common
stock could depress the market price of our common stock. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS  

On August 6, 2016, we issued a warrant to purchase 5,000,000 shares of our common stock, at an exercise price
of $0.50 per share, to Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. ( Ginkgo ) in exchange for the transfer of certain information technology
from Ginkgo to the Company. The warrant is exercisable for a period of one year from the date of issuance. See Note 8,  Significant
Agreements  and Note 18,  Subsequent Events  to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included
in this report for additional details regarding our relationship with Ginkgo. 

No underwriters or agents were involved in the
issuance or sale of such securities. The securities were issued in private placements pursuant to the exemption from registration
under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Each purchaser acquired the applicable
securities for investment purposes only and without intent to resell, was able to fend for itself in the relevant transaction,
and is an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under Section 3(b) of the Securities Act,
and appropriate restrictions were set out in the agreements relating to the respective issuances. Each purchaser had adequate access
to information about us in connection with the relevant transaction. The securities may not be offered or sold in the United States
absent registration under the Securities Act or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index included herein at page
111 (other than exhibits 32.01, 32.02 and 101) are filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and such Exhibit Index
is incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 9, 2016 
     AMYRIS, INC.  

/s/  JOHN G. MELO   

John G. Melo    

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer     

(Principal Executive Officer)     

Dated: November 9, 2016 

/s/  RAFFI ASADORIAN  

Raffi Asadorian    

Chief Financial Officer     

(Principal Financial Officer)     

EXHIBIT INDEX 

31.01  
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X   
 
      31.02  
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(c) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X   
 
      32.01 k   
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X   
 
      32.02 k   
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X   
 
      101 l   
      The following materials from registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Equity (Deficit); (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

X   

a  
      Portions of this exhibit, which have been granted confidential treatment by the Securities and Exchange Commission, have been omitted.   
 
      b  
      Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pending a determination by the Securities and Exchange Commission as to whether these portions should be granted confidential treatment.   
 
      c  
      Substantially identical Common Stock Purchase Agreements, each dated May 18, 2012, were entered into with five separate investors.  Registrant has filed the form of such Common Stock Purchase Agreements, which is substantially identical in all material respects to all of such Common Stock Purchase Agreements, except as to the parties thereto and the number of shares being purchased.   
 
      d  
      Registrant issued substantially identical 5% Unsecured Convertible Notes (the "5% Notes") to Total Gas   Power USA, SAS ( Total ), FIAM Target Date Large Cap Stock Commingled Pool (formerly known as Fidelity Pyramis Lifecycle Large Cap Stock Commingled Pool. Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fund Ill: Growth   Income Portfolio, Fidelity Hastings Street Trust: Fidelity Advisor Series Growth   Income Fund. Fidelity Securities Fund: Fidelity Growth   Income Portfolio Fidelity Hastings Street Trust: Fidelity Series Growth   Income Fund. Fidelity Commonwealth Trust: Fidelity Large Cap Stock Fund, and Maxwell (Mauritius) Pte Ltd on October 16. 2013. Registrant has filed the 5% Note issued to Total. and has included with Exhibit 4.04 a schedule (Schedule A to Exhibit 4.04 of registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2014) identifying each of the 5% Notes and setting forth the material detail in which the other 5% Note(s) differ from the filed 5% Note (i.e. the Purchasers. the amounts of the 5% Notes. and the conversion price).   
 
      e  
      Registrant issued substantially identical 10% Unsecured Convertible Notes (the "10% Notes") to Total Wolverine Flagship Fund Trading Limited and Maxwell (Mauritius) Pte Ltd on January 15 2014. Registrant has filed the 10% Note issued to Total and has included with Exhibit 4.06. a schedule (Schedule A to Exhibit 4.06 of registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 9, 2014) identifying each of the 10% Notes and setting forth the material details in which the other 10% Note(s) differ from the filed 10% Note (i.e. the purchasers and the amounts of the 10% Notes).   
 
      f  
      Registrant issued substantially identical 6.5% Senior Convertible Notes due 2019 (the  6.5% Notes ) to Maxwell (Mauritius) Pte Ltd. ( Temasek ), Total Energies Nouvelles Activit s USA, and Foris Ventures, LLC on May 29, 2014. Registrant has filed the 6.5% Note issued to Temasek, and has included, with such exhibit, a schedule (Schedule A to Exhibit 4.03 of registrant's Form 10-Q filed August 8, 2014) identifying each of the 6.5% Notes and setting forth the material details in which the other 6.5% Notes differ from the filed 6.5% Note (i.e., the note number, the purchasers, and the amounts of the 6.5% Notes).   
 
      g  
      Substantially identical Voting Agreements, each dated July 31, 2015, were entered into with five separate investors.  Registrant has filed Voting Agreement entered into by registrant and Foris Ventures LLC, which is substantially identical in all material respects to all of such Voting Agreements, except as to the parties thereto.   
 
      h  
      Registrant issued substantially identical warrants to the purchasers under that certain Securities Purchase Agreement entered into on July 24. 2015~ Registrant has filed the warrant issued to Total Energies Nouvelles Activit s USA and has included with such Exhibit a schedule (Schedule A to Exhibit 4.03 of registrants Form 10-Q filed on August 8, 2015) identifying each of the warrants and setting forth the material details in which the other warrants differ from the filed form of warrant (i.e. the names of the purchasers. the certificate numbers and the respective amounts of shares underlying the warrants).   
 
      i  
      Substantially identical Unsecured Promissory Notes (the  Notes ) were entered into with three separate investors.  Registrant has filed the Note entered into by registrant and Foris Ventures LLC.  Registrant has included with Exhibit 4.50 a schedule (Schedule I) identifying each of the Notes and setting forth the material details in which the other Notes differ from that of Exhibit 4.51 (i.e. the dates of issuance, the names of the purchasers. the principal and purchase price).   
 
      j  
      Substantially identical Warrants to Purchase Stock (the  Warrants ) were entered into with three separate investors.  Registrant has filed the Warrant entered into by registrant and Foris Ventures LLC.  Registrant has included with Exhibit 4.50 a schedule (Schedule I) identifying each of the Warrants and setting forth the material details in which the other Warrants differ from that of Exhibit 4.52 (i.e. the dates of issuance, the names of the purchasers. the amount of warrant shares and purchase price).   
 
      k  
      This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.   
 
      l  
      Pursuant to applicable securities laws and regulations, registrant is deemed to have complied with the reporting obligation relating to the submission of interactive data files in such exhibits and is not subject to liability under any anti-fraud provisions of the federal securities laws as long as registrant has made a good faith attempt to comply with the submission requirements and promptly amends the interactive data files after becoming aware that the interactive data files fails to comply with the submission requirements. These interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections.   

115 

<EX-4.58>
 2
 exh_458.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.58

Exhibit 4.58   

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE
OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN
A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE
TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH
A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.  

WARRANT
TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK  

Company:    Amyris, Inc., a
                                         Delaware corporation                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  Warrant Certificate:      GW-1   
 
  Number of Shares:    5,000,000   
 
  Class of Stock:    Common Stock   
 
  Warrant Price:    $0.50 per share   
 
  Issue Date:    August 6, 2016   
 
  Expiration Date:    The 1st anniversary of the Issue
                                         Date   

THIS
WARRANT CERTIFIES THAT, for good and valuable consideration, GINKGO BIOWORKS, INC. (together with any registered holder from time
to time of this Warrant or any holder of the shares issuable or issued upon exercise of this Warrant,   Holder  )
is entitled to purchase the number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of the class of securities of the Company at the Warrant
Price, all as set forth above and as adjusted pursuant to Article 2 of this Warrant, subject to the provisions and upon the terms
and conditions set forth in this Warrant.  

ARTICLE
1     EXERCISE.   

1.1.          
     Exercise . This Warrant shall be exercisable for 5,000,000 shares of the
Company s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the   Common Stock  ) (the   Shares  ).
The number of Shares and the Warrant Price are subject to adjustment as provided herein, and all references to  Shares 
and  Warrant Price  herein shall be deemed to include any such adjustment or series of adjustments.  

1.2.          
     Method of Exercise .  

(a)            
     Mechanics . This Warrant may be exercised by the Holder at any time on or
after the Issue Date (an   Exercise Date  ), in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via facsimile or otherwise)
of a written notice, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the   Exercise Notice  ), of the Holder s
election to exercise this Warrant. Within one (1) Trading Day following an  

exercise
of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount equal to the Warrant Price in effect
on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Shares as to which this Warrant was so exercised (the   Aggregate
Warrant Price  ) in cash or via wire transfer of immediately available funds if the Holder did not notify the Company
in such Exercise Notice that such exercise was made pursuant to a Cashless Exercise (as defined in Section 1.3). The Holder shall
not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder. Execution and delivery of an
Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this
Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Shares. Execution and delivery
of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original of this
Warrant after delivery of the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the later of the third (3rd) Trading Day
following the date on which the Company has received such Exercise Notice and one (1) Trading Day after the Company s receipt
of the Aggregate Warrant Price (or valid notice of a Cashless Exercise) (such later date, the   Share Delivery Deadline  ),
the Company shall, (X) provided that the Company s Common Stock transfer agent (the   Transfer Agent  )
is participating in The Depository Trust Company (  DTC  ) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, upon the
request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such
exercise to the Holder s or its designee s balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian system,
or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, upon the request of the
Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice, a certificate,
registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled
pursuant to such exercise. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have
become the holder of record of the Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date such
Shares are credited to the Holder s DTC account or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such Shares (as the
case may be). If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1 and the number of Shares
represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Shares being acquired upon an exercise and upon
surrender of this Warrant to the Company by the Holder, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event later than
three (3) business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a new Warrant
representing the right to purchase the number of Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this Warrant, less
the number of Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to be issued upon
the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest
whole number. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses (including, without
limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of Shares upon
exercise of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s failure to deliver Shares to the Holder on or prior
to Share Delivery Deadline shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Warrant, provided that the Company is in compliance with
the other provisions of this Warrant, including without limitation Section 1.2(b).  

(b)            
     Company s Failure to Timely Deliver Securities . If the Company shall
fail, for any reason or for no reason, on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline, if the Transfer Agent is not participating
in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, to issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a certificate for
the number of Shares to which the Holder is entitled and register such Shares on the Company s share register or, if the
Transfer Agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, to credit the balance account of the Holder
or the Holder s designee with DTC for such number of Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise
of this Warrant (as the case may be), and if on or after such Share Delivery Deadline the Holder purchases (in an open market
transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company (a   Buy-In  ),
then, in addition to all other remedies available to the Holder, the Company shall, within three (3) business days after the Holder s
request and in the Holder s discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total
purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased
(including, without limitation, by any other Person in respect, or on behalf, of the Holder) (the   Buy-In Price  ),
at which point the Company s obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate (and to issue such shares of Common Stock)
or credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holder s designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Shares
to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such Shares) shall
terminate and the applicable Exercise Notice shall be disregarded as if never submitted by the Holder, or (ii) promptly honor
its obligation to so issue and deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Shares or credit the balance
account of such Holder or such Holder s designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Shares to which the Holder is
entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the
excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Shares multiplied by (B) the average closing price
of the Common Stock across all Trading Days during the period commencing on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice and ending
on the date of such issuance and payment under this clause (ii). Nothing shall limit the Holder s right to pursue any other
remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock
(or to electronically deliver such shares of Common Stock) upon the exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms
hereof.  

1.3.          
     Cashless Exercise Right . In lieu of exercising this Warrant by making the
cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company upon such exercise in payment of the Aggregate Warrant Price pursuant
to Article 1.2,    Holder may elect  instead to receive upon
such exercise the   Net Number  of shares of Common Stock determined according to the
following formula (a   Cashless Exercise  ):   

Net Number =  (A x B) - (A x C)   

B  

For purposes
of the foregoing formula:  

A= the total
number of shares with respect to which this Warrant is then being exercised.  

B=
the fair market value of each Share, which shall be (i) the average for the five Trading Days immediately prior to the date of
determination thereof of the last reported sale price regular way on each such day, (ii) in the case no such sale takes place
on any such day, the average of the reported closing bid and asked prices regular way of the shares of Common Stock on such day,
in each case as quoted on the Principal Market, as reported by Bloomberg or such other principal securities exchange or inter-dealer
quotation system on which the shares of Common Stock are then traded, or (iii) in the case the shares of Common Stock are not
traded publically on the Principal Market, the value mutually agreed up by the Company and the Holder.  

C= the Warrant Price
then in effect for the applicable Shares at the time of such exercise.  

1.4.          
     Delivery of Certificate and New Warrant . Promptly after Holder exercises
or converts this Warrant, and, if applicable, the Company receives payment of the aggregate Warrant Price, the Company shall deliver
to Holder certificates for the Shares acquired and, if this Warrant has not been fully exercised or converted and has not expired,
a new Warrant representing the Shares not so acquired. Holder shall be deemed to own and have all of the rights associated with
any Shares or other securities or property to which it is entitled pursuant to this Warrant upon the exercise or conversion of
the Warrant in accordance with this Article 1.  

1.5.          
     Replacement of Warrants . On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant and in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on
delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory in form and amount to the Company or, in the case of mutilation on
surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall execute and deliver, in lieu of this Warrant, a new warrant of like
tenor.  

1.6.          
     Treatment of Warrant Upon Acquisition of Company .  

1.6.1       
      Acquisition  . For the purpose of this Warrant,   Acquisition  
shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the consolidation of the Company with, or the merger of the Company
with or into, another  person  (as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  )), or the sale, lease, exclusive license, transfer, conveyance or other
disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, or the consolidation of another  person  with, or the merger of another  person  into,
the Company, other than in each case pursuant to a transaction in which the  persons  that  beneficially owned 
(as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, the Voting Shares (as defined
below) of the Company immediately prior to the transaction  beneficially own , directly or indirectly, Voting Shares
representing at least a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding classes of voting stock of the surviving or transferee
person; (ii) the adoption by the Company of a plan relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; (iii) the
consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any  person 
becomes the  beneficial owner  directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Shares of the Company (measured
by voting power rather than number of shares); or (iv) during any period of 24 consecutive months, a majority of the members of
the Company s Board of Directors cease to be composed of individuals (A) who were members of the Board of Directors on the
first day of such period, (B) whose election, nomination or appointment to the Board of Directors was approved by at least a majority
of the individuals referred to in clause (A) above or (C) whose election, nomination or appointment to the Board was approved
by at least a majority of the individuals referred to in clauses (A) and (B) taken together. For the purposes of this Article
1.6.1,   Voting Shares   of any person shall mean capital shares or capital stock of such person which ordinarily
has voting power for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such person.  

1.6.2       
     Notice of Acquisition .  The Company shall provide Holder with written
notice of an Acquisition (together with such reasonable information as Holder may request in connection with such contemplated
Acquisition giving rise to such notice), which is to be delivered to Holder not less than ten (10) days prior to the closing of
the proposed Acquisition.  

1.6.3       
     Treatment of Warrant at Cash/Public Acquisition . In the event of an Acquisition
in which the consideration to be received by the Company s stockholders consists solely of cash, solely of Marketable Securities
or a combination of cash and Marketable Securities (a   Cash/Public Acquisition  ), and the fair market value
of one Share as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above would be greater than the Warrant Price in effect on such
date immediately prior to such Cash/Public Acquisition, and Holder has not exercised this Warrant pursuant to Article 1 above
as to all Shares, then this Warrant shall automatically be deemed to be exercised as a Cashless Exercise pursuant to Section 1.3
above as to all Shares effective immediately prior to and contingent upon the consummation of a Cash/Public Acquisition. In the
event of a Cash/Public Acquisition where the fair market value of one Share as determined in accordance with Section 1.3
above would be less than the Warrant Price in effect immediately prior to such Cash/Public Acquisition, then this Warrant will
expire immediately prior to the consummation of such Cash/Public Acquisition, unless the Holder elects to exercise the Warrant
prior to the consummation of such Cash/Public Acquisition.  

1.6.4       
     Treatment of Warrant at Acquisition other than Cash/Public Acquisition .
Upon the closing of any Acquisition other than a Cash/Public Acquisition, unless Holder agrees otherwise in writing (but without
obligation to do so), the acquiring, surviving or successor entity shall assume the obligations of this Warrant, and this Warrant
shall thereafter be exercisable for the same securities and/or other property as would have been paid for the Shares issuable
upon exercise of the unexercised portion of this Warrant as if such Shares were outstanding on and as of the closing of such Acquisition,
subject to further adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant.  

1.7.          
     Insufficient Authorized Shares . If at any time while the Warrant remains
outstanding the Company does not have a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation
to reserve for issuance upon exercise of the Warrant at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% (the   Required
Reserve Amount  ) of the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise
of the Warrant then outstanding, then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Company s
authorized shares of Common Stock to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the
Warrant then outstanding.  

ARTICLE
2   ADJUSTMENTS TO THE SHARES.  

2.1.          
     Stock Dividends, Splits, Etc . If the Company declares or pays a dividend
on the Shares payable in common stock of the Company, or other securities, then upon exercise of this Warrant, for each Share
acquired, Holder shall receive, without cost to Holder, the total number and kind of shares of common stock of the Company to
which Holder would have been entitled had Holder owned the Shares of record as of the date the dividend occurred. If the Company
subdivides the Shares by reclassification or otherwise into a greater number of shares or takes any other action which increases
the amount of stock for which this Warrant is exercisable, the number of Shares subject to the Warrant shall be proportionately
increased and the Warrant Price shall be proportionately decreased. If the outstanding shares are combined or consolidated, by
reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares, the Warrant Price shall be proportionately increased and the number
of Shares subject to the Warrant shall be proportionately decreased.  

2.2.          
     Reclassification, Exchange, Combinations or Substitution . Upon any reclassification,
exchange, substitution, reorganization, recapitalization or other event that results in a change of the number and/or class of
the securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant (other than an Acquisition which is subject to the provisions
of Article 1.6), Holder shall be entitled to receive, upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant the number and kind of securities
and property that Holder would have received for the Shares if this Warrant had been exercised immediately before such reclassification,
exchange, substitution, or other event. The Company or its successor shall promptly issue to Holder an amendment to this Warrant
setting forth the number and kind of such new securities or other property issuable upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant
as a result of such reclassification, exchange, substitution or other event that results in a change of the number and/or class
of securities issuable upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant. The amendment to this Warrant shall provide for adjustments
which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the adjustments provided for in this Article 2 including, without
limitation, adjustments to the Warrant Price and to the number of securities or property issuable upon exercise of the new Warrant.
The provisions of this Article 2.2 shall similarly apply to successive reclassifications, exchanges, substitutions, or other events.  

2.3.          
     Other Adjustment Events . If any event occurs of the type contemplated by
the provisions of this Article 2 but not expressly provided for by such provisions, then the Company s Board of Directors
will make an appropriate adjustment in the Warrant Price and the number of Warrant Shares so as to protect the rights of the Holder;
provided that no such adjustment pursuant to this Article 2.4 will increase the Warrant Price or decrease the number of Shares
as otherwise determined pursuant to this Article 2.  

2.4.          
     No Impairment . Without the consent of the Holder, the Company shall not
by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation or through a reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
issue, or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the
terms to be observed or performed under this Warrant by the Company, but shall at all times in good faith assist in carrying out
of all the provisions of this Article 2 and in taking all such action as may be necessary or appropriate to protect Holder s
rights under this Article 2 against impairment.  

2.5.          
     Fractional Shares . No fractional Shares shall be issuable upon exercise
or conversion of this Warrant and the number of Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. If a fractional
share interest arises upon any exercise or conversion of the Warrant, the Company shall eliminate such fractional share interest
by paying Holder in cash equivalent to the amount computed by multiplying the fractional interest by the fair market value of
a full Share (as determined pursuant to Section 1.3 of this Warrant).  

2.6.          
     Certificate as to Adjustments . Upon each adjustment of the Warrant Price
and Shares, the Company shall promptly notify Holder in writing, and, at the Company s expense, promptly compute such adjustment,
and furnish Holder with a certificate of its Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary or a senior financial officer setting
forth such adjustment and the facts upon which such adjustment is based. The Company shall, upon written request, furnish Holder
a certificate setting forth the Warrant Price and Shares in effect upon the date thereof and the series of adjustments leading
to such Warrant Price and Shares.  

ARTICLE
3   REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.  The
Company represents, warrants and covenants to the Holder as follows:   

3.1.          
     Representations and Warranties . The Company represents and warrants and
covenants to the Holder as follows: All corporate action required to be taken by the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders
in order to authorize the Company to enter into this Warrant, and to issue the Shares upon exercise thereof, has been taken. All
Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase right represented by this Warrant shall, upon issuance, be duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and free of any liens and encumbrances except for restrictions on transfer provided
for herein or under applicable federal and state securities laws. The issuance of this Warrant, or the Shares issuable thereunder,
will not trigger any anti-dilution adjustment, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights of third parties
other than as have been waived prior to the issuance of this Warrant. The Company will at all times reserve and keep available,
out of its authorized but unissued share of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of providing the exercise or conversion of this
Warrant, the aggregate number of Shares issuable upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant. The Company will use its reasonable
best efforts to ensure that the Shares may be issued without violation of any law or regulation applicable to the Company or of
any requirement of any securities exchange applicable to the Company on which the Shares are listed or traded.  

3.2.          
    All corporate action required to be taken by the Company s Board of Directors
and stockholders in order to authorize the Company to enter into this Warrant, and to issue the Shares at the closing, has been
taken or will be taken prior to the closing. All action on the part of the officers of the Company necessary for the execution
and delivery of this Warrant, the performance of all obligations of the Company under this Warrant to be performed as of the closing,
and the issuance and delivery of the Shares has been taken or will be taken prior to the closing. This Warrant, when executed
and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company
in accordance with their respective terms except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium,
fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights
generally or (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable
remedies.  

3.3.          
     No Stockholder Rights . Except as provided in this Warrant, and other than
with regard to shares of the Company s Common Stock acquired by Holder other than pursuant to the exercise of this Warrant,
the Holder will not have any rights as a stockholder of the Company until the exercise of this Warrant.  

3.4.          
     Charges, Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of certificates for Shares to the
Holder or the credit of the Shares to the Holder or the Holder s designee with DTC upon the exercise or conversion of this
Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the
issuance of such certificates, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company.  

3.5.             
     Notice of Certain Events . If the Company proposes at any time to:  

(a)
declare any dividend or distribution upon the outstanding shares of Common Stock, whether in cash, property, stock, or other securities
and whether or not a regular cash dividend;  

(b)
offer for subscription or sale pro rata to the holders of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock any additional shares of
any class or series of the Company s capital stock (other than pursuant to contractual pre-emptive rights);  

(c)
effect any reclassification, exchange, combination, substitution, reorganization or recapitalization of the outstanding shares
of Common Stock; or  

(d)
effect an Acquisition or to liquidate, dissolve or wind up;  

then, in
connection with each such event, the Company shall give Holder:  

(1)
in the case of the matters referred to in (a) and (b) above, at least seven (7) business days prior written notice of the earlier
to occur of the effective date thereof or the date on which a record will be taken for such dividend, distribution, or subscription
rights (and specifying the date on which the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock will be entitled thereto) or for determining
rights to vote, if any; and  

(2)
in the case of the matters referred to in (c) and (d) above at least seven (7) business days prior written notice of the date
when the same will take place (and specifying the date on which the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock will be entitled
to exchange their shares for the securities or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event and such reasonable
information as Holder may reasonably require regarding the treatment of this Warrant in connection with such event giving rise
to the notice).  

The Company
will also provide information requested by Holder that is reasonably necessary to enable Holder to comply with Holder s
accounting or reporting requirements.  

ARTICLE
4   REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OF THE HOLDER.  The
Holder represents and warrants to the Company as follows:   

4.1.          
     Purchase for Own Account . This Warrant and the securities to be acquired
upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant by the Holder will be acquired for investment for the Holders account, not as a nominee
or agent, and not with a view to the public resale or distribution within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the   Securities Act  ), and the Holder has no present intention, and upon exercise or conversion will have
no intention, of selling or engaging in any public distribution of the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. Holder
also represents that the Holder has not been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring this Warrant or the Shares.  

4.2.          
     Disclosure of Information . The Holder has received or has had full access
to all the information it considers necessary or appropriate to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition
of this Warrant and its underlying securities. The Holder further has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers
from the Company regarding the terms and conditions of the offering of this Warrant and its underlying securities and to obtain
additional information (to the extent the Company possessed such information or could acquire it without unreasonable effort or
expense) necessary to verify any information furnished to the Holder or to which the Holder has access.  

4.3.          
     Investment Experience . The Holder understands that the purchase of this
Warrant and its underlying securities involves substantial risk. The Holder has experience as an investor in securities of companies
in the development stage and acknowledges that the Holder can bear the economic risk of such Holder s investment in this
Warrant and its underlying securities and has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that the Holder is
capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment in this Warrant and its underlying securities and/or has a preexisting
personal or business relationship with the Company and certain of its officers, directors or controlling persons of a nature and
duration that enables the Holder to be aware of the character, business acumen and financial circumstances of such persons.  

4.4.          
     Accredited Investor Status . The Holder is an  accredited investor 
within the meaning of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.  

4.5.          
     Securities Act . The Holder understands that this Warrant and the Shares
issuable upon exercise or conversion hereof have not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon a specific exemption
therefrom, which exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the Holder s investment intent as expressed
herein. The Holder understands that this Warrant and the Shares issued upon any exercise or conversion hereof must be held indefinitely
unless subsequently registered under the Securities Act and qualified under applicable state securities laws, or unless exemption
from such registration and qualification are otherwise available. The Holder further understands that settlement of this Warrant
is to be made in Shares and, for the elimination of doubt, the fact that the Shares delivered on exercise of this Warrant will
not be registered under the Securities Act (as defined below) will not in any way require the Company to settle this Warrant otherwise
than in Shares, including without limitation, that there is no circumstance that would require the Company to settle this Warrant
in cash.  

ARTICLE
5   MISCELLANEOUS.  

5.1.          
     Term . This Warrant will be exercisable in whole or in part at any time
and from time to time on or before the Expiration Date.  

5.2.          
    Automatic Cashless Exercise upon Expiration.  In the
event that, upon the Expiration Date, the fair market value of one Share as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above is
greater than the Warrant Price in effect on such date, then this Warrant shall automatically be deemed on and as of such date
to be exercised pursuant to Section 1.3 above as to all Shares for which it shall not previously have been exercised.   

5.3.          
     Legends . This Warrant and the Shares shall be imprinted with a legend in
substantially the following form:  

NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT
BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD
PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.  

5.4.          
     Compliance with Securities Laws on Transfer . This Warrant and the Shares
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may not be transferred or assigned in whole or in part without compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws by the transferor and the transferee (including, without limitation, the delivery of investment
representation letters and legal opinions reasonably satisfactory to the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company). The
Company shall not require Holder to provide an opinion of counsel if the transfer is to any affiliate of the Holder, provided
that any such transferee is an  accredited investor  as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act; provided,
however, in any such transfer the transferee shall agree to be bound by the terms of this Warrant as if an original holder hereof.
Additionally, the Company shall also not require an opinion of counsel if there is no material question as to the availability
of   Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act   .   

5.5.          
     Notices . All notices and other communications from the Company to the Holder,
or vice versa, shall be deemed delivered and effective when given personally or mailed by first-class registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid (or on the first business day after transmission by facsimile), at such address as may have been furnished
to the Company or the Holder, as the case may be, in writing by the Company or such Holder from time to time. Effective upon receipt
of the fully executed Warrant, all notices to the Holder shall be addressed as follows until the Company receives notice of a
change of address in connection with a transfer or otherwise:  

Ginkgo
Bioworks, Inc.  

  27
Drydock Avenue, 8 th  Floor  

  Boston,
MA 02210  

  Attn: CEO  

  Attn: General Counsel  

With a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:  

Latham   Watkins
LLP  

  1000 Winter Street Suite
3700 
Waltham, MA 02451 
Attn: 
Facsimile:  

Notice to the Company shall be
addressed as follows until the Holder receives notice of a change in address:  

Amyris, Inc. 
5885 Hollis Street, Suite 100  

  Emeryville, CA 94608  

  Attn: General Counsel  

  Facsimile:  

With a copy (which shall
not constitute notice) to:  

Shearman   Sterling
LLP  

  535 Mission Street, 25th
Floor  

  San Francisco, CA 94105  

  Attn:  

  Facsimile:  

5.6.          
     Waiver . This Warrant and any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged
or terminated only by an instrument in writing signed by the parties against which enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge
or termination is sought.  

5.7.          
     Counterparts . This Warrant may be executed in counterparts, all of which
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  

5.8.          
     Amendment . This Warrant may be amended and the observance of any term of
this Warrant may be waived only with the written consent of the Company and the Holder.  

5.9.          
     Binding Effect . This Warrant shall be binding upon any successors or assigns
of the Company.  

5.10.       
     Governing Law . This Warrant, and the provisions, rights, obligations, and
conditions set forth herein, and the legal relations between the parties hereto, including all disputes and claims, whether arising
in contract, tort, or under statute, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without
giving effect to its conflict of law provisions.  

ARTICLE
6     CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.  

Bloomberg  
means Bloomberg Financial Markets.  

Principal
Market   means The NASDAQ Stock Market.  

Trading
Day   means any day on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the
principal trading market for the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common
Stock is then traded; provided that  Trading Day  shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled
to trade on such exchange or market for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during
the final hour of trading on such exchange or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing
time of trading on such exchange or market, then during the hour ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time).  

Marketable
Securities  means securities meeting all of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof is then subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and is then current in its filing of all required reports and
other information under the Act and the Exchange Act; (ii) the class and series of shares or other security of the issuer that
would be received by Holder in connection with the Acquisition were Holder to exercise this Warrant on or prior to the closing
thereof is then traded in a trading market, and (iii) following the closing of such Acquisition, Holder would not be restricted
from publicly re-selling all of the issuer s shares and/or other securities that would be received by Holder in such Acquisition
were Holder to exercise this Warrant in full on or prior to the closing of such Acquisition, except to the extent that any such
restriction (x) arises solely under federal or state  

  securities laws, rules or regulations,
and (y) does not extend beyond six (6) months from the closing of such Acquisition.  

[Balance
of Page Intentionally Left Blank]   

COMPANY    

Amyris, Inc.    

By:   
      /s/ John Melo   

John Melo, Chief Executive Officer   

AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED:  

HOLDER   

Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc.    

(Signature)  

(Print Name)  

(Title)  

[Signature
Page to Warrant]   

COMPANY    

Amyris, Inc.    

By:   

John Melo, Chief Executive Officer   

AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED:  

HOLDER   

Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc.    

By:    
      /s/ Jason Kelly  

Jason Kelly, Chief Executive Officer  

[Signature
Page to Warrant]  

Exhibit
A  

EXERCISE
NOTICE  

TO
BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS 
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK  

AMYRIS,
INC.  

The
undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase _________________ of the shares of Common Stock (  Shares  )
of Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), evidenced by Warrant to Purchase Common Stock No. GW-1
(the   Warrant  ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings
set forth in the Warrant.  

1.         Form
    of Warrant Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Warrant Price shall be made as:   

a   Cash Exercise   with respect to  

Shares; and/or  

a   Cashless Exercise   with respect to  

Shares.  

2.         Payment
    of Warrant Price . In the event that the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some or all of the Shares to
    be issued pursuant hereto, the Holder shall pay the Aggregate Warrant Price in the sum of $___________________ to the Company
    in accordance with the terms of the Warrant.   

3.         Delivery
    of Shares . The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below, __________ Shares in accordance
    with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows:   

[_]     Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and to the following address:   

Issue
    to:    

[_]   Check here if requesting delivery
                                         by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:  

DTC Participant:   

DTC Number: 

Account Number:         

Date:  

Name of Registered Holder 

By:  

Name: 

Title: 

Tax
        ID: 

Facsimile: 

E-mail
        Address:  

</EX-4.58>

<EX-10.01>
 3
 exh_1001.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.01

Exhibit 10.01  

FIRST ADDENDUM TO THE SHARE PURCHASE
AND SALE AGREEMENT  

of 

SMA IND STRIA QU MICA LTDA.  

entered into by and among, 

on one side, 

S O MARTINHO S.A.  

as Seller and, 

on the other side, 

AMYRIS BRASIL LTDA.  

as Purchaser 

and, as intervening consenting party, 

SMA IND STRIA QU MICA LTDA.  

And  

AMYRIS INC.  

Dated September 1 st , 2016. 

FIRST ADDENDUM TO THE SHARE PURCHASE
AND SALE AGREEMENT  

By this instrument, 

In the one side, as a seller: 

1.  S O MARTINHO S.A. ,
Brazilian corporation, headquartered at Fazenda S o Martinho, in the City of Prad polis, State of S o Paulo,
enrolled with the Brazilian Taxpayer's Registry ( CNPJ/MF ) under n  o   51.466.860/0001-56, herein represented
in accordance with its By-laws (hereinafter referred to as    Seller    

In the other side, as purchaser: 

2.  AMYRIS BRASIL LTDA.,  Brazilian
limited company, headquartered at Rua James Clerk Maxwell, 315, Techno Park, in the City of Campinas, State of S o Paulo,
Brazil, enrolled with CNPJ/MF under n  o   09.397.224/0001-20, herein represented in accordancy with its By-laws
(hereinafter referred to as  Purchaser  

(Seller and Purchaser jointly referred
to as   Parties   and, individually and generally referred to as     Party   )  

And, as intervening consenting party: 

3.  SMA IND STRIA QU MICA
LTDA.,  a Brazilian limited liability company, headquartered at Fazenda S o Martinho, s/n, in the City of Prad polis,
State of S o Paulo, enrolled with CNPJ/MF under n  o   12.065.083/0001-86, herein represented in accordance
with its By-Laws  (   Company   ).  

4.  AMYRIS INC. , a company duly
organized and existing in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America, with its principal place
of business at 5885 Hollis Street, Suite 100, Emeryville, State of California, herein represented in accordance with its By-Laws
(hereinafter referred to as  ABI ). 

Whereas: 

I. the parties signed on August 31 date
of 2015, the sale and purchase agreement ( Agreement ) in which the Seller sold and transferred to the Purchaser the
shares it held in the SMA IND STRIA QU MICA LTDA.; 

II. in the said contract among other obligations
were established (i) deadlines to transfer of Purchaser's property assets located in the area of the Seller; (ii) as well as a
rental contract for said area and through the same term of the transfer of those assets; 

III. the parties have established a new
deadline of 16 (sixteen) months to transfer the Purchaser's assets, which shall start on September, 1st of 2016. 

The parties agree by mutual consent and
in accordance with the legislation in force to establish this First Addendum to the Agreement of Sale and Purchase ( Addendum ),
in accordance with the following terms and conditions: 

1. The parties agree a new deadline specified
in the II Agreement , section 6, clauses  6.1  and  6.2  as follow: 

6.1.  transfer of assets .
The Purchaser and ABI hereby undertake  to  transfer the assets located in the property  to  another location until December
 31,  2017. The Purchaser, have already provided  to  Seller a schedule for the transfer of the assets, evidencing measures
 to  adapt the transfer of the assets which will be concluded during said period. If the Purchaser and ABI fail  to  comply
with their obligation set forth in the section  6.1,  the Purchaser and the Company shall be subject  to  a penalty of
R$1,500.00 (one thousand and five hundred reais) per day, without prejudice  to  the rental amount owed by the Company  to
 the Seller and  to  any other measure that may be taken by Seller  to  guarantee the compliance by Purchaser and ABI
of their obligation set forth herein.  

6.2.  Rental Agreement . The Parties,
the Company and ABI expressly acknowledge that the lease provided for in the Rental Agreement, as amended, was agreed by the Parties,
the Company and ABI in light of the  JV  and the Parties agreed  to  amend the term of the rental until December 31,2017
in order  to  allow the Company  to  transfer its Assets  to  other location. In this regard, the Parties hereby
declare and agree that the lease contained in the Rental Agreement, as amended, will under no circumstances be subject  to  any
renewal rights.   

2.  All the remaining provisions
of the  Agreement  that were not expressly amended or rectified hereby should remain valid and in force, being this Addendum
an inseparable part of the Agreement. 

In  WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parties
hereto have executed this Addendum as of the date first above written. 

[Intentionally left blank] 

(Signature page of the First Addendum
To The Share Purchase And Sale Agreement entered on September 01 st , 2016 by and between S o Martinho S.A., Amyris
Brazil Ltda., Amyris Inc. and SMA Industria Qu mica LTDA.)  

Seller : 

S O MARTINHO S.A.  

/s/ ILLEGIBLE  
     /s/ ILLEGIBLE 

Purchaser : 

AMYRIS BRASIL LTDA.  

/s/ Eduardo Loosli 
     /s/
Erica Baumgartner 

Eduardo  
     Erica B 

Intervening Consenting Parties : 

AMYRIS INC.  

/s/ John Melo 

SMA IND STRIA QU MICA LTDA.  

/s/ Eduardo Loosli 
     /s/
Erica Baumgartner 

Eduardo 
      Erica B 

Witness : 

</EX-10.01>

<EX-10.02>
 4
 exh_1002.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.02

Exhibit 10.02  

CONFIDENTIAL   

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT OF 

Novvi LLC 

by and among 

Amyris, Inc., 

Cosan US, Inc., 

American Refining Group, Inc. 

and   Novvi LLC 

dated as of July 19, 2016 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

CONTENTS  

i       

ii       

Schedule 2.01 
     List of Members and Addresses  
 
     Schedule 4.01(a) 
     Prior Capital Contributions  
 
     Schedule 4.01(b) 
     Holders of Membership Units  
 
     Exhibit A 
     Member Certificate  
 
     Exhibit B 
     Fair Market Value Methodology  

iii       

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT 

OF 

NOVVI LLC 

This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING
AGREEMENT of Novvi LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the   Company  ), is made and effective as of July
19, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ), among Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Amyris  ), Cosan
US, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Cosan US  ), and American Refining Group, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation
(  ARG   and together with Amyris and Cosan US, each, a   Member   and collectively, the   Members  )
and the Company (the   Agreement  ). 

WITNESSETH : 

WHEREAS, Amyris and Cosan US formed the Company
pursuant to and in accordance with the Delaware Limited Company Act, 6 Del. C.   18-101,  et seq . (as the same may be
amended from time to time, the   Act  ) and entered into an Agreement of Limited Liability Company of Novvi LLC
on September 6, 2011, as the same was amended in October of 2011 (the   Original Operating Agreement  ); 

WHEREAS, Amyris, Cosan US and the Company
executed and delivered an Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of the Company dated March 26, 2013 (the   First Amended
and Restated Agreement  ); 

WHEREAS, in connection with formation of the
Company, Amyris and Cosan US agreed to collaborate, through the Company, on the development, production, marketing and distribution
of Base Oils, Additives, and Lubricants derived from BioFene (and possibly from other molecules and technologies) for use in the
Lubricant Market (  Company Business  ), all as further defined and described below; 

WHEREAS, in pursuit of the Company Business,
the Company and Amyris are parties to (i) that certain Amended and Restated IP License Agreement (as the same may be amended from
time to time, the   IP License Agreement  ), entered into on July 19, 2016 under which Amyris granted the Company
certain rights under its intellectual property, including (a) the Expanded License and Rights under Amyris Base Technology and
(b) a right of first offer with regard to Amyris  Alternative Technology, to develop, make and sell Base Oils, Additives
and Lubricants for the Lubricant Market, all as further described in the IP License Agreement; and (ii) that certain Farnesene
Strain Escrow Agreement, entered into on July 19, 2016 under which Amyris has agreed to deposit into escrow intellectual property
relating to the Amyris Base Technology, in accordance with the IP License Agreement. 

WHEREAS, in pursuit of the Company Business,
the Company and Cosan US are parties to that certain Cosan US Alternative Technology License Agreement, entered into on August
23, 2013 (as the same may be amended from time to time, the   Cosan US License Agreement  ), under which Cosan
US granted the Company a right of first offer with regard to Cosan US s Alternative Technology to develop, make and sell
Base Oils, Additives and Lubricants for the Lubricant Market, all as further described in the Cosan US License Agreement; 

WHEREAS, in pursuit of the Company Business,
effective on the Effective Date, the Company and ARG have entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (the   Purchase Agreement  ),
pursuant to which ARG purchased that number of Membership Units specified therein, initially 

representing a thirty-three and one-third percent (33 1/3%) interest
in the Company as of the Effective Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein; 

WHEREAS, as contemplated by the Purchase Agreement
and Section 2.15 of the First Amended and Restated Agreement, the Members and the Company now desire to enter into this Agreement
to amend and restate in its entirety the First Amended and Restated Agreement and to memorialize the admission of ARG as a Member;
and 

WHEREAS, by executing and delivering this
Agreement, the Company and each of the Members hereby (i) agree to amend and restate the terms of the First Amended and Restated
Agreement as set forth herein, and that upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the First Amended and Restated Agreement shall
be superseded entirely by this Agreement and (ii) declare this Agreement to be the operating agreement of the Company for the purposes
and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements
and obligations set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Members hereby agree as follows: 

Article
I 
Defined terms 

Section 1.01.        
  Certain Defined Terms.  (a) Each of the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Additive   means
any material added to a Base Oil to change its properties, characteristics, or performance (e.g., anti-foam, anti-wear, corrosion
inhibitor, detergent, dispersant, pour point depressant, anti-oxidant, viscosity index improver, or friction modifier). 

Adjusted Capital Account  
means, with respect to each Member, the balance in such Member s Capital Account as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Year,
after giving effect to the following adjustments: 

(i)                   
 Credit to such Capital Account any amounts which such Member is obligated to restore pursuant to any provision of this Agreement
or is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of each of Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5)
of the Regulations); and 

(ii)                 
 Debit to such Capital Account the items described in Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) and 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6)
of the Regulations. 

Adjusted Capital Account
Deficit   means, with respect to each Member, the deficit balance, if any, in such Member s Adjusted Capital Account
as of the end of the relevant Fiscal Year. 

Affiliate   means,
as regards to a certain Person (a   First Person  ), any Person who, directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediates, Controls the First Person, is Controlled by the First Person, or is under common Control with the First Person.
Notwithstanding the preceding definition, for purposes of this Agreement, the Company is not considered an Affiliate of Amyris,
Cosan US or ARG (or their respective Affiliates) nor are Amyris, Cosan US or ARG (or their respective Affiliates) considered Affiliates
of the Company. 

Agreement   means
this Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Novvi LLC, as amended, modified, supplemented or restated from time to
time. 

Alternative Technology  
means a technology (other than a BioFene-related technology) from a renewable source or a molecule (other than a BioFene-derived
molecule) from a renewable source from which Base Oils or Additives, in each case, for the Lubricants Market could reasonably be
expected to be developed or made. 

Amyris BioFene Manufacturing
Technology   means the Patents and Know-How that (i) are Controlled by Amyris and (ii) are necessary or reasonably
useful for the development, making (and having made), offering for sale, sale, and importing of BioFene itself, including, but
not limited to, BioFene Production Strains and any Patents and Know-How related to the genetic engineering of such BioFene Production
Strains, the fermentation methods for making BioFene, the methods of recovery of BioFene from fermentation broth, the processes
of isolating BioFene directly from fermentation broth, and the methods of purifying BioFene. The term  Amyris BioFene Manufacturing
Technology  also includes any and all Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements (as defined in the IP License Agreement) and
Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements (as defined in the IP License Agreement), but expressly excludes any Company BioFene
Transformation Technology. 

Asset Value  
means, with respect to any asset, the asset s adjusted basis for United States federal income tax purposes, except as follows: 

(i)                   
 The initial Asset Value of any asset (other than cash) contributed by a Member to the Company shall be the gross fair market
value of such asset (A) as set forth in Section 4.01(a)(i), or (B) if such asset is not listed in Section 4.01(a)(i), as agreed
to by all of the Members; 

(ii)                 
 The Asset Values of all Company assets shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair market values as determined
by agreement among all of the Members as of the following times: (a) the acquisition of an additional interest in the Company by
any new or existing Member in exchange for more than a  de minimis  Capital Contribution; (b) the distribution by the Company
to a Member of more than a  de minimis  amount of property as consideration for an interest in the Company; or (c) the liquidation
of the Company within the meaning of Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g) of the Regulations,  provided however , that adjustments
pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) above shall be made only if all of the Members agree that such adjustments are necessary or appropriate
to reflect the relative economic interests of the Members in the Company; and 

(iii)               
 The Asset Value of any Company asset distributed to any Member shall be the gross fair market value of such asset on the
date of distribution, as determined by the agreement among all the Members. 

If the Asset Value of an asset has been determined or
adjusted pursuant to subparagraph (i) or (ii), such Asset Value shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into account
with respect to such asset. 

Base Oil   means
a fluid base compound to which other oils, Additives, or components are added to produce a Lubricant. 

Beneficial Owner  
or   Beneficially Own   has the meaning given such term in Rule 13d-3 (or any successor provision) under the United
States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

BioFene   means
farnesene produced through Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology. 

Business Day  
means any day, except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banking institutions in the State of California in the
United States of America and in the State of S o Paulo in Brazil are authorized or directed by applicable Law or executive
order to close. 

Capital Account  
means, with respect to any Member, the account maintained for such Member in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.06. 

Capital Contribution  
means, with respect to any Member, the aggregate amount of cash contributed to the Company and the Asset Value of any property
(other than cash) contributed to the Company pursuant to Article IV. In the case of a Member that acquires an interest in the Company
by virtue of an assignment or transfer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,  Capital Contribution  means
the Capital Contribution of such Member s predecessor to the extent relating to the acquired interest. 

Certificate  
means the Certificate of Formation of the Company and any and all amendments thereto and restatements thereof filed on behalf of
the Company with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the Act. 

Change of Control of Amyris  
means any transaction (or a series of related transactions), as a result of which a Competitor of the Company becomes, direct or
indirectly, the Controlling Person of Amyris. 

Change of Control of Cosan
US   means any transaction (or a series of related transactions) as a result of which a Competitor of the Company becomes,
direct or indirectly, the Controlling Person of Cosan US. 

Change of Control of ARG  
means any transaction (or a series of related transactions), as a result of which a Competitor of the Company becomes, direct or
indirectly, the Controlling Person of ARG. 

Code   means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, or any corresponding United States federal tax statute enacted
after the date of this Agreement. The reference to a specific section of the Code refers not only to such specific section but
also to any corresponding provision of any United States federal tax statute enacted after the date of this Agreement, as such
specific section or corresponding provision is in effect on the date of application of the provisions of this Agreement containing
such reference. 

Company BioFene Transformation
Technology   means the Patents and Know-How in each case that (i) are Controlled by the Company as of March 26, 2013 or
become Controlled by the Company during the term of Amyris s license under Section 2.2 of the IP License Agreement (in each
case other than Patents and Know-How licensed from Amyris) and (ii) are related to the chemical transformation of BioFene or a
BioFene-derivative into another compound. For clarity, the term  Company BioFene Transformation Technology  does not
include Novvi LLC Breach Inventions (as defined in the IP License Agreement). 

Competitor of the Company  
means any Person that is engaged in the development, production, marketing and distribution of Base Oils, Additives or Lubricants
for the Lubricants Market. 

Control   means,
when used with respect to any Person (  Controlled Person  ), (i) the power, held by another Person, alone or
together with other Persons bound by a voting or similar agreement (each a   Controlling Person  ), to elect,
directly or indirectly, the majority of the senior management and to establish and conduct the policies and management of the relevant
Controlled Person; or (ii) the direct or indirect ownership by a Controlling Person and its Affiliates, alone or together with
another Controlling Person and its Affiliates, of at least fifty percent (50%) plus one (1) share/quota representing the voting
stock of the Controlled Person. In the context of Patents and Know-How, Control means rights under and to such Patents and Know-How
held by a party, whether by ownership or license, sufficient to grant the applicable license or rights under the IP License Agreement
without violating the terms of any arrangement with any Third Party. Terms derived from Control, such as   Controlled  ,
  Controlling   and   under common Control   shall have a similar meaning to Control. 

Controlled Group Liability  
means any and all liabilities (i) under Title IV of ERISA, (ii) under Section 302 of ERISA, (iii) under Sections 412 and 4971
of the Code, (iv) as a result of a failure to comply with the continuation coverage requirements of Section 601 et seq. of ERISA
and Section 4980B of the Code, or (v) under corresponding or similar provisions of foreign Laws under any employee benefit plan
of the Company or its Affiliates. 

Controlling Member  
means a Member who owns more than fifty percent (50%) of the Membership Units of the Company. 

Copyrights  
means all copyrights, whether in published or unpublished works; databases, data collections and rights therein, mask work rights,
software, web site content; rights to compilations, collective works and derivative works of any of the foregoing and moral rights
in any of the foregoing; registrations and applications for registration for any of the foregoing and any renewals or extensions
thereof; and moral rights and economic rights of others in any of the foregoing. 

Covered Person  
means a Member, any Affiliate of a Member, any officers, directors, Managers, shareholders, employees or partners or members of
a Member, or its respective Affiliates or any Managers or Officers of the Company. 

Deadlock Issue  
means an issue or a matter with respect to which a decision is required to be made in order to (a) prevent the occurrence of an
event that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, (b) alleviate the effect on the business,
assets, operations, results of operations or financial condition of the Company caused by such event such as to, to the extent
possible, restore the Company to the state of affairs enjoyed by the Company immediately prior to the occurrence of such event,
(c) avoid a material change in the state of affairs, business, corporate governance, assets, operations, results of operations
or financial condition of the Company caused by such event, or (d) approve a Member Approval Matter, as set forth in Section 5.06(e)
below, or a Board of Managers Approval Matter, as set forth in Section 5.05(a) below. 

Depreciation  
means, for each Fiscal Year or other period, an amount equal to the depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction
allowable for United States federal income tax purposes with respect to an asset for such Fiscal Year or other period;  provided
however , that if the Asset Value of an asset differs from its adjusted basis for 

United States federal income tax
purposes at the beginning of such Fiscal Year or other period, Depreciation shall be an amount that bears the same ratio to such
beginning Asset Value as the United States federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction with
respect to such asset for such Fiscal Year or other period bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis; and  provided further 
that, if the United States federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction for such Fiscal Year
or other period is zero, Depreciation shall be determined with reference to such beginning Asset Value using any reasonable method
selected by the Members. 

Encumbrance  
means any security interest, pledge, mortgage, lien, charge, adverse claim of ownership or use, or other encumbrance of any kind. 

Expanded Licenses and
Rights under Amyris Base Technology   means the licenses and related rights granted by Amyris to the Company in the IP
License Agreement. 

Fair Market Value  
means the fair market value of the Company s Membership Units, as calculated using the methodology set forth in  Exhibit
B  to this Agreement. 

Fiscal Year  
means (i) the period commencing upon the formation of the Company and ending on December 31, 2011, (ii) any subsequent twelve-month
period commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31, or (iii) any portion of the period described in clause (ii) of this
sentence for which the Company is required to allocate Net Profits, Net Losses and other items of Company income, gain, loss or
deduction pursuant to Article VII hereof. 

GAAP   means
United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time. 

Insolvency Event  
means (i) an involuntary petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or under the reorganization provisions of any such law
is filed with respect to a Member or a receiver of, or for, the property of a Member is appointed without the consent of such Member,
which petition or appointment remains undischarged or unstayed for an aggregate period of ninety (90) days (whether or not consecutive);
or (ii) a Member consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case under any bankruptcy or insolvency
law or under the reorganization provisions of any such law; or (iii) a voluntary petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency law
or under the reorganization provisions of any such law is filed by a Member, a voluntary assignment of a Member s property
for the benefit of creditors is made, or a receiver of, or for, the property of a Member is appointed by, or consented to, by such
Member. 

Know-How   means
any non-patented information and tangible materials, including: (i) technical and non-technical data, specifications, formulae,
compounds, formulations, assays, designs, results, information, conclusions, interpretations, inventions, developments, discoveries,
ideas, improvements, and trade secrets, (ii) methods, databases, tests, procedures, processes, and techniques, (iii) Production
Strains (if applicable), and (iv) other know-how and technology including Copyrights. 

Law   means any
statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, executive order, injunction, judgment, decree or other order issued or promulgated
by any national, supranational, state, United States federal, provincial, local or municipal government or any administrative or
regulatory body with authority therefrom with jurisdiction over Company or the Members, as the case may be. 

Lubricant   means
all substances introduced between two moving surfaces to reduce the friction between them, improving efficiency and reducing wear,
or dissolving or transporting foreign particles, or distributing heat, in each case comprising a formulation of at least one Base
Oil combined or blended with Additives, sold as a finished product for automotive and industrial applications, for use in, by way
of example only: automotive, 2-cycle, marine and other engines, ship lubrication, hydraulic equipment, food processing equipment
and machinery, and wind turbines, However, the term  Lubricants  expressly excludes drilling oils, fluids and muds,
in accordance with the standards set by American Petroleum Institute. 

Lubricants Market  
means the worldwide market for automotive, commercial, and industrial Lubricants. For the avoidance of doubt, the following markets,
but not limited to the following markets, are expressly excluded from the term  Lubricants Market : the markets for
flavors and fragrances, food additives, cosmetics and personal care, drilling oils, fluids and muds, fuels, cleaners, paints, coatings,
ink, consumer-packaged goods, pesticides, and pharmaceuticals. 

Majority Vote  
means, with respect to any matter to be voted on, the written approval of, or the affirmative vote by, a majority of the Managers
serving on the Board of Managers entitled to vote on such matter. 

Material Adverse Effect  
means any event, condition, change or effect that materially and adversely affect the business, assets, operations, results of
operations or financial condition of the Company, taken as a whole. 

Member   means
any Person named as a member of the Company on Schedule 2.01 hereto and any Person admitted as an additional Member pursuant to
the provisions of this Agreement, in each case, in such Person s capacity as a member of the Company. 

Membership Unit  
means a limited liability company interest in the Company (not including any right to the return of Capital Contributions and any
interest thereon) representing such fractional part of the interest of all unit holders pursuant to this Agreement as is equal
to the quotient of one divided by the total number of Membership Units as evidenced by a certificate in the form of  Exhibit
A  to this Agreement. 

Net Profits  
and   Net Losses   mean, for each Fiscal Year, an amount equal to the Company s taxable income or loss for
such Fiscal Year, determined in accordance with Section 703(a) of the Code (but including in taxable income or loss, for this
purpose, all items of income, gain, loss or deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Section 703(a)(1) of the Code),
with the following adjustments: 

(i)                   
 any income of the Company exempt from United States federal income tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing
Net Profits or Net Losses pursuant to this definition shall be added to such taxable income or loss; 

(ii)                 
 any expenditures of the Company described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code (or treated as expenditures described in Section
705(a)(2)(B) of the Code pursuant to Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i)) and not otherwise taken into account in computing
Net Profits or Net Losses pursuant to this definition shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss; 

(iii)               
 in the event the Asset Value of any asset of the Company is adjusted in accordance with paragraph (ii) or paragraph (iii)
of the definition of  Asset Value  above, the amount of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss
from the disposition of such asset for purposes of computing Net Profits or Net Losses; 

(iv)               
 gain or loss resulting from any disposition of any asset of the Company with respect to which gain or loss is recognized
for United States federal income tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the Asset Value of the asset disposed of, notwithstanding
that the adjusted tax basis of such asset differs from its Asset Value; 

(v)                 
 in lieu of the depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery deductions taken into account in computing such taxable
income or loss, there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such Fiscal Year or other period, computed in accordance with
the definition of  Depreciation  above; and 

(vi)               
 any items which are specially allocated pursuant to Sections 7.02 and 7.03 shall not be taken into account in computing
Net Profits or Net Losses. 

The amounts of the items of Company income, gain, loss
or deduction available to be specially allocated pursuant to Sections 6.02 and 6.03 shall be determined by applying rules analogous
to those set forth in subparagraphs (i) through (v) above. 

Patents   means
any patents, patent applications, or certificates of invention, together with all additions, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part,
provisionals, converted provisionals, substitutions, reissues, re-examinations, revalidations, extensions, registrations, patent
term extensions, supplemental protection certificates, renewals, and the like with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Percentage Interest  
means a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the aggregate number of Membership Units owned by such Member and the denominator
of which shall be the total number of outstanding Membership Units of the Company. 

Person   means
any individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited partnership with share capital, limited liability company,
Brazilian limited liability company ( sociedade limitada ), association, joint-stock company ( sociedade por a  es ),
joint venture, other legal entity, trust, unincorporated or governmental organization or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 

Production Strain  
means recombinant yeast or some other microbial agent that has been genetically engineered to make a desired compound or product
by means of a fermentation process. 

Regulations  
means the income tax regulations, including temporary regulations, promulgated under the Code, as such regulations may be amended
from time to time (including corresponding provisions of succeeding regulations). 

Related Party Transaction  
means any deal, operation, transaction and/or business relationship between, on one side, the Company or a Person Controlled by
the Company and, on the other side, a Member or any Affiliate of such Member, or their respective officers, directors, managers
or relatives up to three degrees of relationship separation. 

Restricted Membership
Units   means all Membership Units other than (a) Membership Units that have been registered under a registration statement
pursuant to the Securities Act, (b) Membership Units with respect to which a Transfer has been made in reliance on and in
accordance with Rule 144 or (c) Membership Units with respect to which the holder thereof shall 

have delivered to the Company either
(i) an opinion, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company, of counsel, who shall be reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, or (ii) a  no action  letter from the staff of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission,
to the effect that subsequent transfers of such Membership Units may be effected without registration under the Securities Act
or in compliance with Rule 144. 

Revised Partnership Audit
Procedures   means the provisions of Subchapter C of Subtitle A, Chapter 63 of the Code, as amended by P.L. 114 74, the
Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (together with any subsequent amendments thereto, treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, published
administrative interpretations thereof, any guidance issued thereunder and any successor provisions) or any similar procedures
established by a state, local, or non-U.S. taxing authority. 

Rule 144   means
Rule 144 (or any successor provision) under the Securities Act. 

Securities Act  
means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Subsidiary  
or   Subsidiaries   of any Person means any corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited partnership
with share capital, limited liability company, Brazilian limited liability company ( sociedade limitada ), association, joint-stock
company ( sociedade por a  es ), joint venture or other legal entity of which such Person (either alone or through
or together with any other Subsidiary), owns, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of the stock or other equity
interests, the holders of which are generally entitled to vote for the election of the board of directors or other governing body
of such corporation or other legal entity. 

Transfer   means,
in respect of any Membership Unit, property or other asset, any direct or indirect transfer, sale, assignment, exchange, donation,
lease, abandonment or other disposition of any kind, voluntary or involuntary, contingent or non-contingent, including any direct
or indirect transfer, sale, assignment, exchange, donation, lease, abandonment or other disposition of any kind that results from
the foreclosure of any Encumbrance. 

Transferee  
means any Person that is a transferee of a Member s interest in the Company, or part thereof. 

Third Party  
means any Person, except for the Company, the Members and their respective Affiliates or their respective permitted successors
and assigns. 

Trigger Event  
means the Company s delivery to ARG, following a payment default by ARG under the terms of Section 1.3 of the Purchase Agreement
and with approval by a Majority Vote of only the Amyris Managers and Cosan Managers, of written notice that the Company elects
to declare an uncured Unpaid Contribution (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) by ARG as no longer curable, in which event ARG
shall be subject to the consequences set forth in Section 2.17 below. 

(b)                
 The following terms have the meanings set forth in the Section set forth opposite such term: 

Term   
       Section    
 
     Act 
     Recitals  
 
     Amyris 
     Preamble  
 
     Amyris Managers 
     5.02(a)  

Article
II 
Formation, term, purpose and powers 

Section 2.01.        
  Formation.  (a) The Members hereby confirm the formation of the Company as a Delaware limited liability company under
and pursuant to the provisions of the Act and all other pertinent Laws of the State of Delaware for the purposes and upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth. The parties hereto agree that their rights, duties and liabilities and the rights, duties
and liabilities of any additional Member admitted to the Company in accordance with the terms hereof, shall be as provided in the
Act, except as otherwise provided herein. 

(b)                
 The name and mailing address of each Member shall be listed on Schedule 2.01 attached hereto. Each of the Members is hereby
admitted as a Member of the Company. Additional Members shall be admitted as Members of the Company in accordance with Section
2.11. The President, or a designee of the President, shall be required to update Schedule 2.01 from time to time, as necessary
to reflect accurately the information therein as known by the President, but no such update shall modify Schedule 2.01 in any manner
inconsistent with this Agreement or the Act. Any amendment or revision to Schedule 2.01 made in accordance with this Agreement
shall not be deemed an amendment to this Agreement for purposes of Section 13.13. Any reference in this Agreement to Schedule 2.01
shall be deemed to be a reference to Schedule 2.01, as amended and in effect from time to time. 

(c)                 
 The President, together with at least one other Officer of the Company, shall be designated as authorized persons, within
the meaning of the Act, to execute, deliver and file, or to cause the execution, delivery and filing of, any amendments or restatements
of the Certificate and any other certificates, notices, statements or other instruments (and any amendments or restatements thereof)
necessary or advisable for the formation of the Company or the operation of the Company in all jurisdictions where the Company
may elect to do business, but no such amendment, restatement or other instrument may be executed, delivered or filed unless adopted
by the Members in a manner authorized by Section 5.06(e) this Agreement. 

Section 2.02.        
  Name.  The name of the Company is Novvi LLC. The Company Business may not be conducted under any other name unless
the Members expressly agree in writing. 

Section 2.03.        
  Term.  The term of the Company commenced, and the Certificate was filed in the Office of the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware, on September 6, 2011, and the Company shall continue for any term set forth from time to time in the Certificate,
subject to the provisions set forth in Article XI and applicable Law. The existence of the Company as a separate legal entity shall
continue until cancellation of the Certificate in the manner required by the Act. 

Section 2.04.        
  Principal Place of Business.  The principal place of business of the Company shall be located at 5885 Hollis Street,
Emeryville, CA 94608, or such other place as the Board of Managers may determine from time to time per Section 5.05, and the Company
shall have other regional offices and operations as the Board of Managers may determine from time to time per Section 5.05. 

Section 2.05.        
  Title to Company Property.  Any property of the Company, whether real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible,
shall be deemed to be owned by the Company as an entity, and no Member, individually, shall have any direct ownership interest
in such property. 

Section 2.06.        
  Agent for Service of Process.  The Company s registered agent for service of process in the State of Delaware
shall be as set forth in the Certificate, as the same may be amended by the Members from time to time per Section 5.06(e). 

Section 2.07.        
  Purpose.  The purpose of the Company is to engage in the Company Business. 

Section 2.08.        
  Powers of the Company.  Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the Company will possess and may exercise
all of the powers and privileges granted to it by the Act, by any other applicable Law or this Agreement, together with all powers
incidental thereto, so far as such powers are necessary or convenient to the conduct, promotion or attainment of the purpose of
the Company set forth in Section 2.07. 

Section 2.09.        
  Maintenance of Separate Existence.  (a) The Company shall do all things necessary to maintain its limited liability
company existence separate and apart from each Member and any Affiliate of any Member, including holding regular meetings of the
Members and maintaining its books and records on a current basis separate from that of any Affiliate of the Company or any other
Person, and shall not commingle the Company s assets with those of any Affiliate of the Company or any other Person. In furtherance,
and not in limitation, of the foregoing, the Company shall not: 

(i)                   
 Authorize or permit any Person other than the Board of Managers and the Officers as provided herein, to act on its own behalf
with respect to matters (other than matters customarily delegated to others under powers of attorney) for which a limited liability
company s members or managing member would customarily be responsible; 

(ii)                 
 Fail (A) to maintain or cause to be maintained by an agent under the Company s control physical possession of all
its books and records, (B) to maintain capitalization adequate for the conduct of its business, (C) to account for and manage all
of its liabilities separately from those of any other Person, including payment by it of administrative expenses and taxes, other
than income taxes, from its own assets, or (d) to identify or cause to be identified separately all of its assets from those of
any other Person; 

(iii)               
 Commingle, or permit the commingling of, its funds with the funds of any Member or any Affiliate of any Member or use its
funds for other than the Company s uses; or 

(iv)               
 Maintain, or permit the maintenance of, joint bank accounts or other depository accounts to which any Member would have
independent access. 

Section 2.10.        
  Strategic Decisions.  The Company s strategic decisions shall always take into account the Company s best
interests, with the purpose of (a) providing the Members with the best possible sustainable return on their investments and (b)
achieving the goals and objectives set forth in any approved business plan. 

Section 2.11.        
  Related Party Transaction.  Any Related Party Transaction shall be carried out on an arms  length basis under
terms and conditions consistent to those that such parties would be offered in case such transaction were carried out with Third
Parties, without conflict of interest and in the best interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding any provision
in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Board of Managers has been called upon to consider a Related Party Transaction, any Manager
may request that the Manager(s) appointed by any Member with an interest in such Related Party Transaction recuse himself or herself
from all Board of Managers  discussions, activities, and voting relating to such Related Party Transaction. All approvals,
modifications, or terminations of a Related Party Transaction must be approved by a majority vote of all of the unconflicted Managers
before the Company may proceed. 

Section 2.12.        
  Management Goals.  The Managers and Officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be instructed, subject to any
applicable fiduciary duties of Officers under applicable Delaware Law, to use their best efforts in pursuing return over capital
employed, efficiency, productivity, safety and competitiveness with respect to the activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

Section 2.13.        
  Conduct of Company Business.  The Company, its Subsidiaries, and its and their respective Managers, directors, Officers,
agents, employees and any other Person acting on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall not, under any circumstances
and for any reason whatsoever, engage in any illegal or unlawful business conduct, and the Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts   and cause its Subsidiaries to use their reasonable best efforts   to maintain good labor, social and environmental
standards, in the conduct of the Company Business. 

Section 2.14.        
  No Personal Liability.  Except as provided by the Act, no Member or any Manager shall be personally liable for any
obligations of the Company and except as specifically provided in Article IV, no Member shall have any obligation or be required
to make any Capital Contribution or loan or otherwise advance any funds to the Company. 

Section 2.15.        
  Admission of New Members.  (a) New Members shall be admitted to the Company, subject to the terms of this Section
2.15, only with the approval of Members representing at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the Membership Units and on terms and
conditions which are consistent with this Agreement (including without limitation any applicable restrictions on transfer set forth
in Article X), the Certificate, the Act and any applicable Law. Any such new Members shall execute and deliver to the Company a
joinder agreement in a form to be supplied by the Company (a   Joinder Agreement  ), and shall obtain Membership
Units and shall participate in the management, profits, losses, and distributions of the Company on such terms and with such amendments
to this Agreement as are approved by the affirmative vote of the existing Members representing at least seventy-five percent (75%)
of the Voting Membership Units. Any such new Member shall be deemed a  Member  for purposes of this Agreement and shall
have the rights and be subject to the obligations of a Member under this Agreement with respect to the Membership Units owned by
such new Member. 

(b)                
 A Transferee will be admitted as a substitute Member only if the Transfer to the Transferee is made in compliance with all
the requirements of Article X (including, but not limited to, the 

requirement that such Transferee becomes a party
to this Agreement) and the Transferee complies with all of the terms of this Agreement applicable to it. 

Section 2.16.        
  Waiver of Fiduciary Duties; Corporate Opportunities.  (a) This Agreement is not intended to, and does not, create
or impose any fiduciary duty on any of the Members hereto or their respective Affiliates or designated Managers. Further, the Members
hereby waive any and all fiduciary duties that, absent such waiver, may be implied by applicable Law, and in doing so, recognize,
acknowledge and agree that their duties and obligations to one another and to the Company are only as expressly set forth in this
Agreement. Additionally, each Member acknowledges that the other Members and the Affiliates of such Members own and/or manage other
businesses, including businesses that may compete with the Company, the other Members or the Affiliates of such other Members.
Without any accountability to the Company or any Member by virtue of this Agreement (other than obligations in Section 14.01): 

(i)                   
 Each Member and its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, members, agents and employees,
and each Manager designated by such Member (collectively, a   Corporate Opportunities Group  ), shall not in any
way be prohibited or restricted from engaging or investing in, independently or with others, any business opportunity of any type
or description, including, without limitation, those business opportunities that might be the same or similar to the Company Business; 

(ii)                 
 Neither the Company nor any Member or such Member s Corporate Opportunities Group shall have any right in or to such
other business opportunities of any other Member or such Member s Corporate Opportunities Group or to the income or proceeds
derived therefrom; 

(iii)               
 No Member or its Corporate Opportunities Group shall be obligated to present any business opportunity to the Company or
any other Member or such other Member s Corporate Opportunities Group, even if the opportunity is of the character that,
if presented to the Company, could be taken by the Company, or if presented to any other Member or other Member s Corporate
Opportunities Group, could be taken by such Persons; and 

(iv)               
 Each Member and its Corporate Opportunities Group shall have the right to hold any such business opportunity for its own
account or to recommend such opportunity to Persons other than the Company, any other Member, or any Person in such other Member s
Corporate Opportunities Group. 

(b)                
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2.16 shall alter or amend the rights and obligations of the Company,
Amyris and its Affiliates, or Cosan US and its Affiliates under Article 3 of the IP License Agreement (including with respect to
the Company s right of first offer regarding Amyris  Alternative Technology), the Cosan US License Agreement (including
with respect to the Company s right of first offer to Cosan US s Alternative Technology), or in Section 13.1 of this
Agreement (with respect to Exclusivity). 

2.17        Trigger
Event Consequence . If, following a Trigger Event, ARG continues to hold at least twenty-eight percent (28%) of the Membership
Units, the Parties agree that, following a Trigger Event, ARG shall be accorded the same status, solely for purposes of Sections
5.02(a), 5.02(d), 5.02(e), 5.05, 5.06(c) and 5.16(f) of this Agreement, as a Member holding less than twenty-eight percent (28%)
of the Membership Interests. In addition, in such event this Agreement shall be deemed automatically amended, without further action
of the Members (who by execution of this Agreement hereby consent to such amendment), to substitute  sixty-eight percent
(68%)  in place of each reference 

herein to  seventy-five percent (75%) 
as it relates to the affirmative vote of Members required to approve certain matters as provided in Sections 2.15(a), 5.06(e) and
7.05(c) of this Agreement. The Trigger Event consequences described herein are in addition to any Trigger Event consequences set
forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

Article
III 
Representations and warranties of the members 

Each Member severally, but not jointly, represents
and warrants to the Company and each other Member as follows: 

Section 3.01.        
  Organization and Authority.  To the extent such Member is not a natural person, it is duly incorporated or organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has all necessary
power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to carry out its obligations hereunder and to perform the actions contemplated
hereby. Such Member is duly licensed or qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the properties
owned or leased by it or the operation of its business makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except to the extent that
the failure to be so licensed or qualified would not prevent or materially hinder the performance of the actions contemplated by
this Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Member, the performance by it of its obligations hereunder
and the performance by it of the actions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all requisite action on its part. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Member, and (assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the other
Persons signatory hereto) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Member enforceable against it
in accordance with its terms. 

Section 3.02.        
  No Conflict.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such Member do not and will not (a) violate,
conflict with or result in the breach of any provision of its charter or by-laws (or similar organizational documents), to the
extent it has such, (b) conflict with or violate any Law, governmental regulation or governmental order applicable to such party
or any of its assets, properties or businesses or (c) conflict with, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or event which
with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default) under, require any consent under, or give to others
any rights pursuant to, any contract, agreement or arrangement, whether among the Members or otherwise, by which such party is
bound, except to the extent that any conflict under (b) or (c) above would not prevent or materially hinder the performance of
the actions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Section 3.03.        
  Governmental Consents and Approvals.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party do not
and will not require any consent, approval, authorization or other order of, action by, filing with or notification to, any governmental
authority. 

Article
IV 
Capital contributions and capital accounts 

Section 4.01.        
  Capital Contributions.  

(a)                 
 Schedule 4.01(a) sets forth the Capital Contributions made to the Company by each of Amyris and Cosan US as of the Effective
Date, which (i) with respect to Amyris, shall include the unpaid principal and interest accrued under the notes and the deferred
payables converted into Units pursuant to the Loan Conversion Agreement by and between Amyris and the Company, dated July 19, 2016;
and (ii) with respect to Cosan US, shall include the unpaid principal and interest under the notes converted into Units pursuant
to the Loan Conversion Agreement by and between Cosan US and the Company, dated July 19, 2016 (the   Prior Capital Contributions  ). 

(b)                
 Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement and in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, ARG will contribute to
the Company as its initial Capital Contribution the amount set forth in the Purchase Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions
of the Purchase Agreement (the   ARG Initial Capital Contribution  ). As a result of the Prior Capital Contributions
and the ARG Initial Capital Contribution, as of the Effective Date the Members will hold an interest in the Company represented
by the Membership Units set forth opposite such Member s name on Schedule 4.01(b). 

Section 4.02.        
  Membership Units.  All Membership Units shall have identical rights in all respects as all other Membership Units
except as otherwise specified in this Agreement. Each Member hereby agrees that its interest in the Company and in its Membership
Units shall for all purposes be personal property. The Members agree that, within ninety (90) days after the Effective Date, to
discuss, agree upon, and implement a performance incentive plan for Company employees involving granting a non-voting, economic
interest in the Company in an aggregate amount equivalent to up to seven percent (7%) of the Company s outstanding Membership
Units. 

Section 4.03.        
  Additional Membership Units.  In the event (i) additional Membership Units shall be issued to a Member or to any other
Person or (ii) Membership Units are sold or Transferred to another Member or any other Person (subject to the restrictions and
provisions of this Agreement) and such Person shall be admitted as a Member in accordance with Section 2.15, the President shall
amend Schedule 2.01 accordingly. Any Capital Contribution to be made by such Person in exchange for Membership Units shall be subject
to the restrictions and provisions of this Agreement and in the form and amount determined by the Members per Section 5.06(e),
and the amount of such Capital Contribution, if any, shall be credited to such Person s Capital Account. 

Section 4.04.        
  Funding Requirements; Additional Funding.  

(a)                 
 In the event that the Board of Managers determines, at any time, that additional capital is required to support the operations
of the Company, such capital will be obtained through any one or a combination of the following means (in no particular order),
at the election of the Board of Managers, in each case subject to any applicable approval requirement set forth in this Agreement
including without limitation the approval of the Members with respect to financing obtained through (i), (ii), and (iii) below
as required under Section 5.06(e)(i): 

(i)                   
 cash advances or other credit or loan facilities provided by the Members or their Affiliates; 

(ii)                 
 additional cash Capital Contributions by the Members; or 

(iii)               
 revolving credit or other loan facilities provided by unrelated Persons (such as banks). 

(b)                
 In the event that such additional Member approved capital raise under Section 4.04(a) is to be obtained in the form of cash
advances or other credit or loan facilities provided by a Member, the Company shall notify the Members of the advances to be made
or other credit or loan facilities to be provided pursuant to Section 4.04(a) by delivering a written notice to the Members in
accordance with Section 14.02 specifying (i) the aggregate amount of cash advances or other credit or loan facilities required
at such time and (ii) the amount of cash advances to be made or loan or credit facilities to be provided by the Member, which amount
shall be the product of (A) the aggregate amount of cash advances or other credit or loan facilities to be made and (B) such Member s
Percentage Interest. The cash advances to be made by each Member shall be made in immediately available funds by wire transfer
or other similar means to a bank account designated by the Company in such notice prior to the close of business on the tenth Business
Day following the date of delivery of such notice. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to
the contrary, neither Amyris nor Cosan nor ARG shall be required to make a cash advance or other credit or loan facility absent
its written consent thereto. 

(c)                 
 In the event that such additional Member approved funding pursuant to Section 4.04(a) is to be made in the form of additional
Capital Contributions by the Members (a   Capital Call  ), the Members satisfying such Capital Call shall receive
additional Membership Units at a price per Membership Unit equal to the Fair Market Value of the Membership Units. The Company
shall notify each Member of the Capital Call to be made pursuant to Section 4.04(a) by delivering written notice to each Member
in accordance with Section 14.02 specifying (i) the aggregate amount of the Capital Call required at such time and (ii) the amount
of the Capital Call to be provided by such Member, which amount shall be the product of (A) the aggregate amount of the Capital
Call to be made and (B) such Member s Percentage Interest. In the event a Member is authorized by the Capital Call to satisfy
its share of such Capital Call in the form of assets (instead of cash), the value of such additional Capital Contribution shall
be deemed to be the fair market value of such assets as determined per clause (i) of the definition of Asset Value. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither Amyris nor Cosan nor ARG (except, with regard to ARG, as required by the Purchase
Agreement) shall be required to make a Capital Contribution absent its written consent thereto. 

(d)                
 Any written notice delivered by the Company to the Members pursuant to this Section 4.04 shall specify, in addition
to the information otherwise required, the date on which any advance, other credit support or Capital Call is due, account numbers
for the wire transfer of cash amounts and any other information the Company determines. 

(e)                 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, any (i) cash advances or other credit or loan facilities provided
by the Members or their Affiliates or (ii) additional cash or non-cash Capital Contributions by the Members contemplated herein
in connection with the funding of the Company shall be made by each Member at the same time, on the same terms, in the same manner
and in the same proportion as each other Member, based on such Member s Percentage Interest as contemplated in this Section 4.04. 

(f)                 
 Amyris and the Company entered into a Renewable Farnesene Supply Agreement, dated July 19, 2016 (as amended from time-to-time,
the   Supply Agreement  ), under which the Company can purchase farnesene from Amyris.  The Members and the
Company agree that the Sales Losses (as defined in Section 2.2(b) of the Supply Agreement) incurred by Amyris under the Supply
Agreement will be credited, at Amyris s election, either to Amyris s Capital Account or against any Member cash advance,
credit or loan facility, or other Capital Contribution obligation Amyris may have under this Agreement; provided that, if Amyris
elects to credit Sales Losses to its Capital Account such credit will not result in the issuance of additional Membership Units
to Amyris or otherwise increase its Percentage Interest and will not trigger any obligation by the other Members to match this
credit by making a Capital Contribution under Section 4.04(e) hereof.  

(g)                 
 The Members and the Company contemplate that ARG and ARG personnel will provide services to the Company from time to time,
subject to a written services agreement(s) between ARG and the Company that has been approved by the Board of Managers per Section
2.11, and in connection therewith will incur unreimbursed direct costs and out-of-pocket expenses described and authorized in such
approved agreements creditable under this subsection (  ARG Costs  ). Within fifteen (15) days following the end
of each calendar quarter, ARG will provide the Board of Managers with a detailed, itemized report of ARG Costs incurred during
the preceding quarter per each service agreement. Absent objection by any Manager within thirty (30) days following receipt of
a report, the ARG Costs set forth in such report shall be deemed approved. The Members and the Company further agree that the approved
ARG Costs will be credited, at ARG s election, either to ARG s Capital Account or against any 

Member cash advance, credit or loan facility,
or other Capital Contribution obligation ARG may have under this Agreement; provided that, if ARG elects to credit ARG Costs to
its Capital Account such credit will not result in the issuance of additional Membership Units to ARG or otherwise increase its
Percentage Interest and will not trigger any obligation by the other Members to match this credit by making a Capital Contribution
Section 4.04(e) hereof.  The maximum aggregate ARG Costs creditable under this subsection is $1,000,000. 

(h)                
 The Members and the Company contemplate that Cosan and Cosan personnel will provide services to the Company from time to
time, subject to a written services agreement(s) between Cosan and the Company that has been approved by the Board of Managers
per Section 2.11, and in connection therewith will incur unreimbursed direct costs and out-of-pocket expenses described and authorized
in such approved agreements creditable under this subsection (  Cosan Costs  ). Within fifteen (15) days following
the end of each calendar quarter, ARG will provide the Board of Managers with a detailed, itemized report of Cosan Costs incurred
during the preceding quarter per each service agreement. Absent objection by any Manager within thirty (30) days following receipt
of a report, the Cosan Costs set forth in such report shall be deemed approved. The Members and the Company further agree that
the approved Cosan Costs will be credited, at Cosan s election, either to Cosan s Capital Account or against any Member
cash advance, credit or loan facility, or other Capital Contribution obligation Cosan may have under this Agreement; provided that,
if Cosan elects to credit Cosan Costs to its Capital Account such credit will not result in the issuance of additional Membership
Units to Cosan or otherwise increase its Percentage Interest and will not trigger any obligation by the other Members to match
this credit by making a Capital Contribution Section 4.04(e) hereof.  The maximum aggregate Cosan Costs creditable under this
subsection is $1,000,000. 

(i)                  
 The Members and the Company contemplate that Amyris and Amyris personnel will provide services to the Company from time
to time, subject to a written services agreement(s) between Amyris and the Company that has been approved by the Board of Managers
per Section 2.11, and in connection therewith will incur unreimbursed direct costs and out-of-pocket expenses described and authorized
in such approved agreements creditable under this subsection (  Amyris Costs  ). Within fifteen (15) days following
the end of each calendar quarter, Amyris will provide the Board of Managers with a detailed, itemized report of Amyris Costs incurred
during the preceding quarter per each service agreement. Absent objection by any Manager within thirty (30) days following receipt
of a report, the Amyris Costs set forth in such report shall be deemed approved. The Members and the Company further agree that
the approved Amyris Costs will be credited, at Amyris s election, either to Amyris s Capital Account or against any
Member cash advance, credit or loan facility, or other Capital Contribution obligation Amyris may have under this Agreement; provided
that, if Amyris elects to credit Amyris Costs to its Capital Account such credit will not result in the issuance of additional
Membership Units to Amyris or otherwise increase its Percentage Interest and will not trigger any obligation by the other Members
to match this credit by making a Capital Contribution Section 4.04(e) hereof.  The maximum aggregate Amyris Costs creditable
under this subsection is $1,000,000. For clarity, this subsection (i) does not apply to either the IP License Agreement or to the
Supply Agreement. 

Section 4.05.        
  Status of Capital Contributions.  (a) No Member shall receive any interest, salary or drawing with respect to its
Capital Contributions or its Capital Account or, except pursuant to any Related Party Transaction between the Company and a Member
that is in writing and approved by the Board of Managers as expressly provided herein, for services rendered on behalf of the Company
or otherwise in its capacity as a Member. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no Member will be permitted to borrow,
make an early withdrawal of, or demand or receive a return of any Capital Contributions. Under circumstances requiring a return
of any Capital Contributions, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, no Member will have the right to receive
property other than cash. 

(b)                
 Except as otherwise provided herein, the Members shall be liable only to make their Capital Contributions pursuant to this
Article IV, and no Member shall be required to lend any funds to the Company or, after a Member s Capital Contributions have
been fully paid pursuant to this Article IV, to make any additional capital contributions to the Company. No Member shall
have any personal liability for the repayment of any Capital Contribution of any other Member or Transferee. A Member s obligation
to contribute capital to the Company is conditional; payable only to the extent, and only in such amounts, required to be paid
to the Company pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the obligations of the Members
pursuant to this Section 4.05 shall not be, and shall not be deemed to be, a guaranty, maintenance agreement or other similar agreement,
or under any circumstances utilized to satisfy the general obligations and liabilities of the Company. 

Section 4.06.        
  Capital Accounts.  (a) An individual Capital Account shall be established and maintained for each Member. 

(b)                
 The Capital Account of each Member shall be maintained in accordance with the following provisions: 

(i)                   
 to each Member s Capital Account there shall be credited all such Member s Capital Contributions (including
all Prior Capital Contributions), such Member s distributive share of Net Profits, any items in the nature of income or gain
that are specially allocated to such Member pursuant to Article VII and the amount of any Company liabilities that are assumed
by such Member or that are secured by any Company assets distributed to such Member; 

(ii)                 
 to such Member s Capital Account there shall be debited the amount of cash and the Asset Value of any Company assets
distributed to such Member pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, such Member s distributive share of Net Losses, any
items in the nature of deductions or losses that are specially allocated to such Member pursuant to Article VII and the amount
of any liabilities of such Member that are assumed by the Company or that are secured by any property contributed by such Member
to the Company; 

(iii)               
 in the event all or some of a Member s interest in the Company is sold in accordance with Article X, the Transferee
shall succeed to the Capital Account of the assignor to the extent it relates to the transferred interest; and 

(iv)               
 no Member shall be required to pay to the Company or to any other Member or Person any deficit in such Member s Capital
Account upon dissolution of the Company or otherwise. 

Article
V 
Board of managers; managers and officers 

Section 5.01.        
  Management of the Company.  The management of the Company shall be vested exclusively in the Board of Managers (the
  Board of Managers  ), which may from time to time by resolution delegate authority to the Officers pursuant
to Section 5.12, to act on behalf of the Company. Except as otherwise agreed by the Members, no Member shall have any right or
authority to take any action on behalf of the Company or to bind or commit the Company with respect to Third Parties or otherwise.
Each Member hereby (a) specifically delegates to the Board of Managers its rights and powers to manage and control the business
and affairs of the Company in accordance with the provisions in Section 18-407 of the Act, and (b) revokes its right to bind the
Company, as contemplated by the 

provisions of Section 18-402 of the Act. Each Manager shall have
the right to one (1) vote on all matters to be decided by the Board of Managers, except as otherwise provided for Related Party
Transactions. 

Section 5.02.        
  Board of Managers; Quorum Requirements.  (a) So long as a Member owns at least sixteen percent (16%) of the total
number of Membership Units of the Company, such Member shall have the right to appoint one (1) individual, as set forth below,
to act on its behalf at meetings of the Board of Managers (each a   Manager  ). So long as a Member owns at least
twenty-eight percent (28%) of the total number of Membership Units of the Company, such Member shall have the right to appoint
two (2) Managers. For clarity, if a Member owns less than sixteen percent (16%) of the total number of Membership Units of the
Company, such Member shall have no right to appoint any Manager. Initially, the Board of Managers of the Company shall be composed
of six (6) Managers. The President, who shall be designated by the Board of Managers from time to time, shall be a Board observer
(so long as such person holds such officer position) but shall not be considered a Manager and has no voting capacity on the Board
of Managers. The President also does not count toward establishing a quorum for any meeting of the Board of Managers. Furthermore,
as long as each of Amyris, Cosan US and ARG hold at least twenty-eight percent (28%) of the Membership Units of the Company, each
of Amyris, Cosan US and ARG shall alternate the appointment of the chairman of the Board of Managers (the   Chair  )
from one of its appointed Managers. For clarity, the Chair is treated as any other Manager for purposes of this Agreement ( e.g. ,
his or her vote carries no additional weight or significance). If one of the Members, at any time, becomes the Company s
Controlling Member, then such Member shall always have the right to appoint the Chair while such Member remains the Company s
Controlling Member. The Chair shall be appointed for a two (2) year term and shall preside over meetings of the Board of Managers
during his or her term of office. The first Chair following the Effective Date shall be appointed by Amyris. Any Managers appointed
by Amyris shall be designated as   Amyris Managers  , any Managers appointed by Cosan US shall be designated as
  Cosan US Managers  , and any Managers appointed by ARG shall be designated as   ARG Managers  .
Each of the Amyris Managers, the Cosan US Managers and the ARG Managers shall be officers or employees of Amyris or its Affiliates,
Cosan US or its Affiliates, or ARG or its Affiliates, respectively. 

(b)                
 A Manager appointed as provided herein shall serve for a two (2) year term or until such Manager s successor is appointed
by the Member who appointed such Manager, including in the event of any retirement, removal, resignation or death of a Manager.
A Manager may be re-appointed to serve as a Manager of the Company, with no maximum number of consecutive terms. 

(c)                 
 In addition to the Amyris Managers, the Cosan US Managers and the ARG Managers, the officers, directors, employees or other
professional representatives (including the accountants, attorneys and/or financial advisors) of Amyris, Cosan US and ARG and their
Affiliates shall be permitted to attend Board of Managers meetings as observers upon unanimous approval of the Managers. 

(d)                
 At all meetings of the Board of Managers, the presence of at least a majority of the Managers (whether present in person
or via phone or video conference) will be required for, and will constitute, a quorum for the transaction of business. However,
for as long as a Member holds at least twenty-eight percent (28%) of the Membership Units, the presence of at least one (1) of
its Managers is required for a quorum. A quorum must exist at all times of a meeting, including the reconvening of any meeting
that has been adjourned, for any action taken at such meeting to be valid. If no quorum is present at such duly called meeting
of the Board of Managers, the Managers present shall adjourn the meeting to a time not less than three (3) Business Days from the
time of such adjournment (taking into account any circumstances that may prevent any Manager from attending or participating in
such reconvened meeting), and shall promptly give written notice to the Managers of the time and place at which the meeting shall
reconvene. If no quorum is present at such reconvened meeting, the Managers present shall re-adjourn the 

meeting to a time not less than three (3) Business
Days from the time of such adjournment (taking into account any circumstances that may prevent any Manager from attending or participating
in such reconvened meeting), and shall promptly give written notice to the Managers of the time and place at which the meeting
shall reconvene. The presence of any two (2) Managers at the re-adjourned meeting will constitute a quorum for such meeting, provided
that such two (2) Managers must have been appointed by different Members. 

(e)                 
 At any time a Member ceases to own at least sixteen percent (16%) or at least twenty-eight percent (28%) of the total number
of Membership Units of the Company as applicable, such Member shall remove or cause the removal of one or more Managers appointed
by such Member so that the total number of Managers appointed by such Member complies with Section 5.02(a). Such removed Manager(s)
will not be replaced and the Board will operate with such decreased number of Managers, unless another Member(s) acquires sufficient
Membership Units to reach or surpass another sixteen percent (16%) ownership threshold and thereby qualifies to appoint an additional
Manager(s). 

Section 5.03.        
  Removal of Managers; Vacancies.  A Member may at any time remove any Manager appointed by such Member pursuant to
Section 5.02, with or without cause. Except as required by Section 5.02(e), in the event a vacancy occurs on the Board of Managers
as a result of the retirement, removal, resignation or death of a Manager designated pursuant to Section 5.02, such vacancy shall
be filled by a person designated by the Member, the retirement, removal, resignation or death of whose designee or nominee created
the vacancy. 

Section 5.04.        
  Frequency of Meetings; Notice of Meetings; Agenda.  (a) The Board of Managers shall hold ordinary meetings at such
time and place as shall be determined by the Board of Managers by Majority Vote. In the first month of every Fiscal Year, the Board
of Managers shall meet and approve the schedule of meetings for the starting Fiscal Year. In the absence of an agreement, the Board
of Managers shall hold ordinary meetings every quarter during each Fiscal Year. Special meetings of the Board of Managers, to be
held at the offices of the Company as herein provided (or such other place as shall be agreed by Majority Vote), shall be called
at the direction of the Chair. Per Section 5.08, a Manager may attend any meeting via phone or video conference, instead of attending
a meeting in-person. 

(b)                
 The Chair shall call all meetings of the Board of Managers by his or her own initiative or at the written request of any
Manager. The notice of meeting shall be delivered, either personally, by facsimile or by international mail. Failure by the Chair
to call any meeting requested by any Manager within five (5) calendar days from the date of receipt of the request by any Manager
allows any other Manager to call the requested meeting. The meetings of the Board of Managers shall be called at least eight (8)
calendar days prior to the date of each meeting. The notice of meeting shall specify the place, date and time of the meeting and
shall inform the detailed agenda, subject to the provisions of Section 5.04(c) below, and attach any proposal of resolutions,
any document prepared by the Company in advance of the meeting in order to support any resolution and all necessary documentation
related thereto. Notice may be waived in writing or by the attendance of all Managers. The attendance of a Manager at a meeting
shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the Manager attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting
at the beginning thereof to the transaction of any business because the meeting has not been properly called or convened. Unless
otherwise agreed by Majority Vote, the Board of Managers  meetings shall be held at the Company s headquarters, but
per Section 5.08, a Manager may attend any meeting via phone or video conference, instead of attending a meeting in-person. 

(c)                 
 With respect to quarterly meetings and non-quarterly non-emergency meetings, not later than five (5) Business Days before
each such meeting, the Chair shall deliver to each Manager, together with the notice of each such meeting, an agenda specifying
in reasonable detail the matters to be discussed at the applicable Board of Managers meeting, which agenda shall include any matters
the 

Managers are required to discuss pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement; it being expressly forbidden to include generic items such as, for example,  general matters of
interest of the Company . Moreover, no resolutions shall be passed on any matters that are not expressly included in the
agenda, as stated in the notice of such meeting, and any such resolutions shall be void and of no force and effect unless such
resolutions are approved by the unanimous vote of all of the Managers representing one hundred percent (100%) of the Board of Managers. 

Section 5.05.        
  Board of Managers Voting; Approval Matters.  (a) Except with respect to Member Approval Matters pursuant to Section
5.06(e) and as delegated to the Officers pursuant to Section 5.12, the Board of Managers shall have the authority with respect
to all aspects of the operation of the Company. All decisions of the Board of Managers shall be made by Majority Vote, except that
resolutions on the following matters shall always require the approval of at least one (1) Manager appointed by each Member then-owning
at least twenty-eight percent (28%) of the Membership Units (each of the following enumerated matters being referred to as a   Board
of Managers Approval Matter  ): 

(i)                   
 approval of any annual business and R D plans and annual operating and investment budgets of the Company, as prepared
and recommended by the Officers, and material modifications thereto;  provided ,  however , that the Officers will be
responsible for the execution of any approved annual business and R D plans and operational and investment budgets; 

(ii)                 
 any decision to make distributions to the Members, to the extent not otherwise required pursuant to Section 7.01, or any
decision not to make a quarterly distribution to the Members as required by Section 8.01(b); 

(iii)               
 incurrence, amending, modifying, refinancing or alteration of material terms by the Company of any indebtedness, which incurrence,
amendment, modification, refinancing or alteration was not contemplated by the approved annual business or R D plans or in
the approved budget(s); 

(iv)               
 granting of guarantees, sureties or indemnities by the Company, except for those guarantees related to Company indebtedness
specified in the approved annual business plan or in the budget(s) and those indemnities required in connection with contracts
entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with the approved business or R D plans or approved budget(s); 

(v)                 
 acquisition and/or disposal of or divestiture of any material assets outside of the ordinary course of business and not
contemplated by the approved annual business or R D plans or approved budget(s); 

(vi)               
 any transaction that creates any non-capital expenditure by, or obligation of, the Company not contemplated by the approved
annual business or R D plans or approved budget(s); 

(vii)             
 any capital expenditure not contemplated in the approved annual business plan, R D plan, or budget(s) or which otherwise
exceeds the amount of such expenditure in the approved annual business or R D plans or approved budget(s); 

(viii)           
 any non-compete or exclusivity obligation binding on the Company; 

(ix)               
 decision whether the Company (or any if its Subsidiaries) shall produce its own BioFene or purchase it from Amyris or Third
Parties, based on a substantiated proposal to be prepared and recommended by the Officers; 

(x)                 
 decision for the Company (or any if its Subsidiaries) to build a manufacturing facility for the production of the Company s
products and the site for such facility, based on a substantiated proposal to be prepared and recommended by the Officers; 

(xi)               
 the sending of any notice requesting Capital Contributions or cash advances or other credit or loan facilities to a Member
pursuant to Section 4.04; and 

(xii)             
 the entering into of any contract, arrangement, understanding or other similar agreement with respect to any of the foregoing
(i)-(xi). 

Section 5.06.        
  Members  Meetings; Notice; Agenda; Voting; Member Approval Matters.  (a) Members  meetings shall be annual
or special. The Members acknowledge that an annual Members  meeting shall be held within the four (4) months following the
close of each Fiscal Year. Furthermore, special Members  meetings may be held whenever and insofar as the business of the
Company so requires. The Members  meetings may be called at any time by the Chair, by his or her own initiative or at the
written request of any Member or otherwise as contemplated by the Act. Failure by the Chair to call any such meeting requested
by any Member within five (5) calendar days from the date of receipt of the pertinent request shall allow such Member to call the
applicable meeting. Subject to the applicable Law, the call notices shall be delivered to each Member at least eight (8) calendar
days in advance of the date scheduled for the holding of each Members  meeting and shall contain information on the place,
date and time the relevant Members  meeting will be held and the detailed agenda, as well as any documentation that shall
be used to support the matters to be discussed at such meeting, subject to the provisions of Subsection (b) below. Unless otherwise
agreed by the Members, Members  meetings shall be held at the Company s headquarters, but per Section 5.08, a Member
may attend any meeting via phone or video conference, instead of attending a meeting in-person. 

(b)                
 The call notice to the Members  meeting shall set forth, in detail, the relevant agenda, which agenda shall include
any matters the Members are required to discuss pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; it being expressly forbidden to include
generic items such as, for example,  general matters of interest of the Company . Moreover, no resolutions shall be
passed on any matters that are not expressly included in the agenda set forth in the call notice, under penalty of being deemed
void, except for (i) the resolutions that are approved by the unanimous vote of all of the Members representing one hundred percent
(100%) of the Membership Units; or (ii) as provided in the Act. 

(c)                 
 At all meetings of Members, the presence of the holder(s) of at least a majority of the Membership Units (whether present
in person or via phone or video conference) will be required for, and will constitute, a quorum for the transaction of business.
However, for as long as Amyris, Cosan US and ARG each hold at least twenty-eight percent (28%) of the Membership Units, the presence
of each of Amyris, Cosan US and ARG is required to constitute a quorum for a Members  meeting. A quorum must exist at all
times of a Member meeting, including the reconvening of any Member meeting that has been adjourned, for any action taken at such
meeting to be valid. If the required quorum is not present at a duly called Members  meeting, the meeting shall be adjourned
to a time not less than three (3) Business Days from the time of such adjournment (taking into account any circumstances that may
prevent a Member from attending or participating in such reconvened meeting) and written notice shall be promptly given to the
Members of the time and place at which the meeting shall reconvene. If the required quorum is not met at such reconvened meeting,
that meeting shall be re-adjourned to a time not less than three (3) 

Business Days from the time of such adjournment
(taking into account any circumstances that may prevent a Member from attending or participating in such reconvened meeting) and
written notice shall be promptly given to the Members of the time and place at which the meeting shall reconvene. The presence
of at least a majority of the Membership Units of the Company at the re-adjourned meeting will constitute a quorum. 

(d)                
 Each Membership Unit shall have the right to one (1) vote on all matters to be decided by Members. Except for those special
matters provided for by applicable Law or referred to in Subsection (e) below, resolutions at Members  meetings shall be
passed by a majority vote of the Membership Units present at the meetings or, in lieu of a meeting, by written consent of at least
that number of Member Units, as the case may be, required to approve the matter at a meeting. 

(e)                 
 Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, resolutions on the following matters shall always
require the approval of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the Membership Units (each of the following enumerated matters being
referred to as a   Member Approval Matter  ): 

(i)                   
 any proposed funding of, or financing for, the Company, whether from the Members or third parties, beyond the Prior Capital
Contributions and the ARG Initial Capital Contribution; 

(ii)                 
 admission of any new Member, except as expressly otherwise permitted in this Agreement; 

(iii)               
 the authorization, issuance, sale, acquisition, repurchase or redemption by the Company of any Membership Units or other
equity interest (or option, warrant, conversion or similar right with respect to any equity interest) in or of the Company, or
any change in the characteristics, rights and privileges of the Membership Units; 

(iv)               
 redemption, amortization or repurchase of Membership Units or any convertible securities, or changes in the conditions applicable
to redemption, amortization or repurchase of Membership Units or convertible securities; 

(v)                 
 any merger or other form of corporate reorganization, or any spin-off or drop down of assets and liabilities, involving
the Company; provided however that in connection with the sale of the Company, whether through a merger or consolidation in which
the Company is a constituent party, or the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the
Company (a   Sale Transaction  ), except a Sale Transaction in which the net proceeds to be received by each Member
is sufficient to return at least two (2) times each Member s cumulative Capital Contributions (a   Qualified Sale
Transaction  ) which transaction shall require approval of only a simple majority of the Membership Units and upon such
majority approval any Member who abstained or voted against such Qualified Sale Transaction shall be deemed to have voted all of
its Membership Units to approve such Qualified Sale Transaction; 

(vi)               
 change in accounting or tax principles or policies with respect to the financial statements, except as required by GAAP
or by applicable Law; 

(vii)             
 change of corporate type or conversion into any other form of entity; 

(viii)           
 the conduct by the Company of any business other than, or the engagement by the Company in any transaction not substantially
related to, the Company Business; 

(ix)               
 the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company or the commencement of a voluntary proceeding seeking reorganization
or other similar relief; 

(x)                 
 approval of any stock option, profit sharing or similar compensation plan and any amendments thereto; 

(xi)               
 approval of the Company s initial public offering of any equity or convertible debt securities; 

(xii)             
 the amendment or restatement of the Certificate or other constituent documents of the Company; 

(xiii)           
 any change in the number of, or method of designating, Managers on the Board of Managers; 

(xiv)           
 the continuing of the Company under the Laws of another jurisdiction; and 

(xv)             
 the entering into of any contract, arrangement, understanding or other similar agreement with respect to any of the foregoing
(i)-(xiv). 

Section 5.07.        
  Action by Written Consent.  Except as expressly otherwise provided in Sections 5.05 or 5.06(e), any action required
or permitted to be taken by the Members or the Board of Managers, either at a meeting or otherwise, may be taken without a meeting
if the Members or the Managers, as the case may be, consent in writing to such action and the writing or writings are filed with
the minutes of proceedings of the Members or the Managers, as the case may be. For such written consent to be effective, at least
that number of Member Units or Managers and that type of Member or Manager ( e.g. ,  28% holder), as the case may be, required
to approve the matter shall also be required to execute such written consent. Written notice of the action to be taken by written
consent will be given by the Chair to all Members or the Managers, as the case may be, at least five (5) Business Days prior to
the effectiveness of any such action. 

Section 5.08.        
  Telephonic Meetings.  Members and Managers may participate in a meeting by means of a conference telephone or similar
communications equipment through which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in
a meeting shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

Section 5.09.        
  Company Minutes.  The decisions and resolutions of the Members and the Board of Managers shall be reported in minutes,
which shall state the date, time and place of the meeting (or the date of the written consent in lieu of meeting), the Members
or Managers, as the case may be, present at the meeting, the resolutions put to a vote (or the subject of a written consent) and
the results of such voting (or written consent). The minutes shall be entered in a minute book kept at the principal office of
the Company, and a copy of the minutes shall be provided to each Member or Manager, as the case may be. 

Section 5.10.        
  Manager Compensation and Reimbursement.  Only Managers that are neither (a) Officers nor (b) employees or shareholders
of any of Amyris, Cosan US or ARG or of their respective Affiliates, shall be entitled to receive any compensation for their service
as a Manager. The compensation of any such Managers shall be based on market practices, not exceeding the annual gross 

amount approved by the Members. Moreover, all Managers shall be
entitled to be reimbursed by the Company for any reasonable travel expenses arising from the performance of their activities and
functions. 

Section 5.11.        
  Audit Committee.  The Company shall establish and maintain an Audit Committee, which shall consist of three (3) Managers
of the Board of Managers - one Manager nominated by each of Amyris, Cosan US and ARG. 

Section 5.12.        
  Officers.  (a) The Company shall have certain employees or agents appointed by the Board of Managers, per Section
5.05, serve as the officers of the Company (the   Officers  ). Such Officers will include a president (the   President  )
and may include, at the Board of Managers  discretion, one or more vice presidents, a chief financial officer, a treasurer,
one or more assistant treasurers, chief operations officer, chief technical officer, a secretary, and/or one or more assistant
secretaries. All Officers must be professionals with proven qualification and experience in their respective areas of responsibility,
as determined by the Board of Managers. The Board of Managers will establish the annual compensation for each Officer. The Officers
shall operate under the supervision and direction of the Board of Managers and generally obtain the written approval of the Board
of Managers prior to taking any actions relating to or on behalf of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Officers shall,
subject to Subsection (b) below, maintain powers to perform the following tasks without prior written approval of the Board of
Managers: 

(i)                   
 designate one or more banks or similar financial institutions as depositories of the funds of the Company; 

(ii)                 
 open, maintain and close general and special accounts with any such depositories; 

(iii)               
 deposit in such accounts funds of the Company as the Officers deem necessary or advisable; 

(iv)               
 sign or countersign checks, drafts, or other orders (including authorizations of electronic transfers) for the payment of
money of the Company against any funds deposited in any of such accounts, for amounts up to US$250,000; 

(v)                 
 approve the use of facsimile signatures for the signing or countersigning of checks, drafts or other orders for the payment
of money, and to enter into such agreements as banks and similar financial institutions customarily require as a condition for
permitting the use of facsimile signatures; 

(vi)               
 make such general and special rules and regulations with respect to such accounts, respecting the funding limits mentioned
in items (iii) and (iv) above as such Officers deem necessary or advisable for the Company and execute and certify any customary
printed blank signature card forms in order to exercise conveniently the authority granted by this Section 5.12(a); 

(vii)             
 negotiate and execute equipment or office lease agreements and related documents of up to US$250,000; 

(viii)           
 negotiate and execute ordinary agreements and/or contracts, bids and proposals that do not exceed the amount of US$250,000
and that shall not last longer than twelve (12) months; and 

(ix)               
 approve, sign, execute and implement any transaction contemplated by, or consistent with, the annual business or R D
plans or budget(s) approved by the Board of Managers, up to the amounts provided therein; 

(x)                 
 day-to-day management, administration and oversight of the Company s business and affairs and all decisions related
to the Company s daily activities, including development, production, sales and distribution (except to the extent such decisions
are the responsibility of a particular Member as set forth in this Agreement); 

(xi)               
 preparation of the Company s annual business plan or any operational and investment budgets and recommendation to
the Board of Managers; 

(xii)             
 implementation of the Company s annual business plan and operational and investment budgets that are approved by the
Board of Managers; 

(xiii)           
 preparation of the Company s R D plan and amendments thereto under any R D agreement; 

(xiv)           
 preparation of an R D and commercialization plan regarding any BioFene-derived Additive the Officers would like the
Company to pursue; 

(xv)             
 preparation of a substantiated proposal regarding whether the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) shall produce its own
BioFene or purchase it from Amyris or Third Parties, and recommending a decision to the Board of Managers; 

(xvi)           
 negotiating any supply agreement, off-take agreement or any agreements related to the actual production and sale of the
Company s products; 

(xvii)         
 preparation of a substantiated proposal regarding whether the Company (or any of its Subsidiaries) shall build a manufacturing
facility for the production of the Company s products and the site for such facility, and recommending a decision to the
Board of Managers; 

(xviii)       
 determination of the products to be manufactured by or on behalf of the Company as well as the volumes to be produced and
the pricing thereof; 

(xix)           
 compromise, waive, settle and sign commitments, assume obligations, invest funds, acquire, dispose, mortgage, pledge or
otherwise create a lien on the Company s assets, in each case that do not exceed the amount of US$250,000; 

(xx)             
 approve all necessary measures and perform the ordinary acts of a management, financial and economic nature in accordance
with the provisions set forth in this Agreement and the resolutions approved by the Members and the Board of Managers meetings;
and 

(xxi)           
 prepare the Company s financial statements and be responsible for the bookkeeping of the Company s corporate,
tax and accounting books and records. 

(b)                
 (A) In the event that the Company has an opportunity or an obligation to perform any of the acts listed in items (iv), (vii),
(viii) and (xix) of Section 5.12(a) hereto involving an amount greater than US$250,000 and up to US$1,000,000, the Officers shall
be authorized to perform such acts after receiving written authorization from three (3) Managers, constituting one Manager appointed
by each of Amyris, Cosan US and ARG, without the requirement to have a prior written approval of the 

Board of Managers or a meeting of the Board of
Managers for such purpose. In this case, the three (3) Managers shall send a letter, fax or e-mail to the Officers of the Company
confirming his or her approval for the performance of such act. A copy of such confirmations by the Managers will be kept with
the Company records with regard to the relevant act. (B) (i) All checks, drafts, or other orders (including authorizations of electronic
transfers) for the payment of money by the Company and (ii) any contract (other than a confidentiality agreement or a material
transfer agreement) to which the Company will be a party shall require the signature of two (2) Officers to bind the Company, preferably
one of which is always the President. 

(c)                 
 The Officers shall at all times be subject to the supervision and control of the Board of Managers and shall conform to
policies and programs established by the Board of Managers, and the scope of the Officers  authority shall be limited to
such policies and programs. Except as otherwise authorized by the Members, no other Person shall have authority to bind or act
for, or assume any obligations or responsibilities on behalf of, the Company. The President shall keep the Board of Managers informed
as to all matters of concern to the Company. 

Section 5.13.        
  Language.  The meetings of the Board of Managers shall be held in English, with simultaneous translation to Portuguese
if requested by any Member. All materials to be presented at such meeting, the minutes of such meetings, as well as any action
of the Board of Managers taken by written consent, shall be drafted in English, together with a Portuguese translation, but the
English version of such materials, minutes and written consents shall prevail between the parties. 

Section 5.14.        
  D O Insurance.  The Company shall contract, with a reputable insurer, at its own cost, in favor of the Managers
and the Officers that shall so desire, directors and officers liability insurance, consistent with market terms and conditions. 

Section 5.15.        
  Subsidiaries.  The Managers shall cause the Company to exercise its voting rights in its Subsidiaries in accordance
with this Agreement. Therefore, any matter that would be deemed to be a Member Approval Matter or a Board of Managers Approval
Matter, when it relates to a Subsidiary, shall be treated as a Board of Managers Approval Matter, and, therefore, before the Company
exercises its voting rights in the Subsidiary in favor of any such matter, the matter shall be voted at a Company s Board
of Managers  meeting and receive the necessary approval required for any Board of Managers Approval Matter. 

Section 5.16.        
  Deadlock of Members or Managers.  (a)  Declaration of a Deadlock . Subject to Subsection (c) below, at any time
after the date hereof, a Member may declare a deadlock by delivering a written notice of the deadlock (  Deadlock Notice  )
to the other Members (each such case, a   Deadlock  ) if: 

(i)                   
 the Board of Managers is unable, at any two (2) consecutive meetings, within fifteen (15) days of one another and called
in accordance with Section 5.04 above, to reach a decision concerning a Deadlock Issue (to the extent such Deadlock Issue is required
to be acted on by the Board of Managers); or 

(ii)                 
 the Members are unable, for a period of more than thirty (30) days, to reach a decision concerning a Deadlock Issue (to
the extent such Deadlock Issue constitutes a Member Approval Matter). 

(b)                
  Non-Deadlock Matters . A Member may not declare a Deadlock (i) for failure to achieve a quorum at a duly convened
Board of Managers meeting if such failure results from the failure of such Member s designated Managers to attend such meeting
or if such failure results from the fact that such Member s designated Managers have refrained from voting either for or
against the relevant matter; 

(ii) for failure to achieve approval for a Member
Approval Matter if such failure results from the fact that such Member has refrained from voting either for or against the relevant
matter; (iii) by virtue of its disapproval of any proposal by the other Member unless such disapproval of such proposal is made
in good faith; or (iv) in respect of any proposal it has made unless such proposal is delivered in good faith. 

(c)                 
  Deadlock Question Arbitration . In the event a Deadlock is declared by a Member (the   Declaring Member  )
and another Member(s) reasonably believes that such Member was not entitled to make such declaration pursuant to this Section 5.16,
such other Member(s) may deliver, within five (5) Business Days of such declaration, to the Declaring Member a detailed
written request for an expedited arbitration, to be held pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.08 and this Section 5.16(c) to
determine the question of whether the Declaring Member was entitled to make such declaration. 

(i)                   
 Within five (5) Business Days after delivery of such request, the Members will meet to select one arbitrator to decide and
settle the question whether the Declaring Member was entitled to declare a Deadlock pursuant to this Section 5.16 (such question,
the   Deadlock Question  ). Except as provided herein or as otherwise agreed by the Members, such arbitrator shall
decide no other question. The Members will select the arbitrator at random by a drawing from the list of available arbitrators
provided by the Arbitration Chamber and shall immediately contact such nominee by telephone to confirm such nominee s acceptance
as arbitrator. If such nominee declines to be the arbitrator, then immediately upon such notice (or, in the event that, by the
close of business on the date of selection, such nominee either has not been contacted or has not accepted such appointment for
whatever reason, then at the opening of business on the next succeeding Business Day), the Members shall, in accordance with the
preceding sentence, select at random by drawing another arbitrator from the same list and shall proceed to confirm such nominee s
acceptance as arbitrator and shall repeat such process until a nominee accepts the appointment. 

(ii)                 
 Within five (5) Business Days following the arbitrator s acceptance, the arbitrator shall convene the arbitral proceedings
at the place of arbitration provided for in Section 14.08(d) hereunder and shall conduct such proceedings in such manner as
such arbitrator considers appropriate, but in accordance with the rules of the Arbitration Chamber and any applicable Law, provided
that the Members are treated with equality and that each Member is given a full and fair opportunity in accordance with the Arbitration
Rules to present its ease. The arbitrator shall use his/her best efforts to resolve the Deadlock Question within five (5) Business
Days after the arbitration is first convened. The resolution shall be final (not subject to appeal of any nature whatsoever) and
binding on the Members, shall state the reasons upon which it is based, shall be signed by the arbitrator and shall contain the
date on which, and place where, it was made. 

(iii)               
 The arbitrator shall be entitled to reasonable fees, taking into account the time spent by the arbitrator, the relative
complexity of the issues considered and the scheduling conditions hereby imposed by the Members. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, all of the costs and expenses of the arbitration (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel of the
prevailing Member(s)) in connection with such arbitration shall be borne by the non-prevailing Member(s)  pro rata  in accordance
with their respective ownership of the total number of Membership Units owned by such non-prevailing Member(s). For the avoidance
of doubt and notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any dispute, controversy or claim between or among the Members relating
to a Deadlock Question shall be resolved exclusively in accordance with this Section 5.16(c). 

(d)                
  Escalation . Each Member agrees that immediately following delivery of a Deadlock Notice (the   Declaration  )
or, if such delivery is challenged pursuant to Section 5.16(c), immediately following the arbitrator s determination that
a Deadlock was properly declared, representatives of the senior management of each of Amyris, Cosan US and ARG, or any of their
respective Affiliates (which representatives shall in each case not be Managers or Officers of the Company or of any of its Subsidiaries)
shall endeavor in good faith, for a period of thirty (30) days immediately following such delivery or decision (the   Negotiation
Period  ), to reach a mutually satisfactory resolution of the Deadlock Issue (the   Applicable Deadlock Issue  ). 

(e)                 
  Deadlock Mediation.  If by the end of the Negotiation Period the Members have been unable to reach a mutually satisfactory
resolution of the Applicable Deadlock Issue, then the Members shall appoint an impartial Third Party (  Mediator  ),
for a period of thirty (30) days (the   Deadlock Mediation Period  ), to assist the Members to reach a mutually
satisfactory resolution of the Applicable Deadlock Issue. The Mediator shall be chosen upon mutual consent of the Members among
trusted individuals and with no relations whatsoever to the Members or any of their Affiliates, and the costs and expenses for
hiring such Mediator shall be shared equally by the Members. 

(f)                 
  Buy/Sell Option . If by the end of the Deadlock Mediation Period the Members have been unable to reach a mutually
satisfactory resolution of the Applicable Deadlock Issue because the approval of one Member (or such Manager(s) designated by such
Member) holding at least twenty-eight percent (28%) of the Membership Units does not approve the proposed resolution relating to
the Applicable Deadlock Issue (the   Initiating Member  ), then commencing on the first Business Day following
the expiration of the Deadlock Mediation Period (the   Termination Date  ), the Initiating Member shall be required
to: 

(i)                   
 deliver a written notice (the   Offer Notice  ) to the other Members (the   Deciding Members  )
specifying in such notice that the Initiating Member offers to sell all, but not less than all, of its Membership Units in the
Company to the Deciding Members on a pro rata basis upon the terms and conditions specified in reasonable detail in the Offer Notice,
at a price equal to the greater of the Fair Market Value of the Membership Units as hereinafter determined, or an amount equal
to the full return such Member s Capital Account plus a 5% per annum return compounded annually the   Sale Price  ); 

(ii)                 
 upon receipt of an Offer Notice, the Members shall promptly determine, per Exhibit B, the Fair Market Value of the Membership
Units; and 

(iii)               
 each Deciding Member shall have ten (10) Business Days after receipt of the final Sale Price to deliver a written notice
(the   Response Notice  ) to the Initiating Member, which notice shall indicate that such Deciding Member agrees
to buy its pro rata portion of the Membership Units from the Initiating Member, within thirty (30) days of the Initiating Member s
receipt of the Response Notice, at the Sale Price and upon the terms and conditions specified in the Offer Notice. Provided that
all Deciding Members have delivered a Response Notice (or a single Deciding Member delivers a Response Notice, after otherwise
agreeing with the other Deciding Members, to buy 100% of the Initiating Member s Membership Units), the Initiating Member
shall sell, and such Deciding Member(s) shall purchase, all but not less than all of the Initiating Member s Membership Units,
within thirty (30) days of the Initiating Member s receipt of the Response Notice, at the Sale Price and upon the terms and
conditions specified in the Offer Notice. 

(g)                 
 An Offer Notice shall only be valid if delivered on or after the Termination Date, and any Offer Notice delivered prior
to such time shall be deemed null and void and have no force or effect. Each Member agrees that if a Response Notice is not sent
by all Deciding Members (or by a single Deciding Member if, after otherwise agreeing with the other Deciding Members, buying 100%
of the Initiating Member s Membership Units) or if the Deciding Members collectively have not otherwise agreed to buy 100%
of the Initiating Member s Membership Units within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of the final Sale Price determination,
then any Response Notice sent by a Deciding Member will be void and the Initiating Member shall be entitled to sell all, but not
less than all, of its Membership Units in the Company to a third party; provided that (i) such third party is not a Competitor
of the Company, and (ii) if the purchase price offered to the third party is less than the final Sale Price and/or the other terms
and conditions are more favorable than specified in the Offer Notice, then the Initiating Member shall be required to offer such
Membership Units at such price, terms and conditions as offered to the third party in accordance to Section 4.16(f) above. Until
such sale of such Initiating Member s Membership Units, the Members shall continue to discuss in good faith such Applicable
Deadlock Issue until it is satisfactorily resolved but shall cause the Company to conduct its business during such time as if the
matter that raised the Applicable Deadlock Issue had not been approved by the Managers or the Members, as the case may be. 

Article
VI 
Change of control event 

Section 6.01.        
  Change of Control Event.  (a) A   Change of Control Event   shall occur if, after the Effective Date: 

(i)                   
 with respect to Amyris, Cosan US or ARG, a Change of Control of Amyris occurs, a Change of Control of Cosan US occurs, or
a Change of Control of ARG occurs, respectively; and 

(ii)                 
 the Members which have not undergone the Change of Control described in clause (i) above are able to reasonably substantiate,
within sixty (60) days afterwards, that the Change of Control will likely have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company Business. 

Section 6.02.        
  Change of Control Event Consequence.  If a Change of Control Event occurs, then the Member that is the object of such
Change of Control Event will no longer be entitled to exercise, or benefit from, the Right of First Refusal and/or the Tag Along
Right in Section 10.02(c) with regard to other Members  proposed transfers of Membership Units. 

Article
VII 
Allocations; tax matters 

Section 7.01.        
  Allocations.  (a) The Company s Net Profits and Net Losses, subject to the special allocations pursuant to Sections
7.02 and 7.03, shall be allocated for each Fiscal Year to the Members as follows: 

(i)                   
 Net Profits shall be allocated: 

(A)                
 first, to offset previous allocations of Net Loss pursuant to Sections 7.01(a)(ii)(B) and (C)) hereof on a cumulative basis,
in reverse order of the priorities described therein; and 

(B)                
 second, the balance to the Members in proportion to their respective Membership Units; 

(ii)                 
 Net Losses shall be allocated: 

(A)                
 first, to offset previous allocations of Net Income pursuant to Section 7.01(a)(i)(B), to the extent such Net Income has
not been distributed; 

(B)                
 second, to the Members in proportion to their positive Capital Account balances until such Capital Account balances have
been reduced to zero; and 

(C)                
 third, the balance to the Members in proportion to their respective Membership Units. 

(b)                
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 7.01(a), in the event of the winding up and termination of the Company
pursuant to Section 11.05 hereof, Net Profit and Net Loss (and items of gross income, loss or deduction, if necessary), including
gain or loss realized by the Company upon the sale (or deemed sale) of its property or assets, shall be allocated to the extent
possible, subject to the special allocations of Sections 7.02 and 7.03, in a manner so as to cause the Capital Accounts of the
Members to equal the amounts due the respective Members  pro rata  in accordance with their respective Membership Units consistent
with the provisions of Section 11.05. 

Section 7.02.        
  Special Allocations.  (a)  Minimum Gain Chargeback.  Except as otherwise provided in Section 1.704-2(f) of the
Regulations, notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VII, if there is a net decrease in partnership minimum gain during
any Fiscal Year, each Member shall be specially allocated items of Company income and gain for the Fiscal Year (and, if necessary,
subsequent Fiscal Years) in an amount equal to such Member s share of the net decrease in partnership minimum gain, determined
in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(g). Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall be made in proportion to
the respective amounts required to be allocated to each Member pursuant thereto. The items to be so allocated shall be determined
in accordance with Sections 1.704-2(f)(6) and 1.704-2(j)(2) of the Regulations. This Section 7.02(a) is intended to comply with
the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Section 1.704-2(f) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently therewith. 

(b)                
  Minimum Gain Chargeback . Except as otherwise provided in Section 1.704-2(i)(4) of the Regulations, notwithstanding
any other provision of this Article VII, if there is a net decrease in partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain attributable to a
partner nonrecourse debt during any Fiscal Year, each Member who has a share of the partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain attributable
to such partner nonrecourse debt, determined in accordance with Section 1.704-2(i)(5) of the Regulations, shall be specifically
allocated items of Company income and gain for such Fiscal Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Fiscal Years) in an amount equal
to such Member s share of the net decrease in partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain attributable to such partner nonrecourse
debt, determined in accordance with Section 1.704-2(i)(4) of the Regulations. Allocations pursuant to the previous sentence shall
be made in proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each Member pursuant thereto. The items to be so allocated
shall be determined in accordance with Sections 1.704-2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2) of the Regulations. This Section 7.02(b) is intended
to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in Section 1.704-2(i)(4) of the Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently
therewith. 

(c)                 
  Qualified Income Offset . In the event any Member unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations or distributions
described in Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) or 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) of the Regulations, items of Company
income and gain shall be specially allocated to each such Member in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate, to the extent 

required by the Regulations, the Adjusted Capital
Account Deficit of such Member as quickly as possible,  provided  that an allocation pursuant to this Section 7.02(c) shall
be made only if and to the extent that such Member would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all other allocations provided
for in this Article VII have been tentatively made as if this Section 7.02(c) were not in the Agreement. 

(d)                
  Gross Income Allocation . In the event any Member has a deficit Capital Account at the end of any Fiscal Year which
is in excess of the sum of (i) the amount such Member is obligated to restore pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, and
(ii) the amount such Member is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of Sections 1.704-2(g)(1)
and 1.704-2(i)(5) of the Regulations, each such Member shall be specially allocated items of Company income and gain in the amount
of such excess as quickly as possible;  provided  that an allocation pursuant to this Section 7.02(d) shall be made only if
and to the extent that such Member would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit in excess of such sum after all other allocations
provided for in this Article VII have been made as if Section 7.02(c) and this Section 7.02(d) were not in the Agreement. 

(e)                 
  Nonrecourse Deductions . Nonrecourse deductions for any Fiscal Year shall be allocated to the Members  pro rata 
in accordance with the number of Membership Units owned by such Member. 

(f)                 
  Partner Nonrecourse Deductions . Partner nonrecourse deductions for any Fiscal Year shall be specially allocated to
the Member who bears the economic risk of loss, or to the Members in the proportions in which they bear the economic risk of loss,
with respect to the partner nonrecourse debt to which such partner nonrecourse deductions are attributable in accordance with Section
1.704-2(i)(1) of the Regulations. 

(g)                 
  Net Loss Limitation.  The Net Losses and items of deduction or loss allocated pursuant to Sections 7.01 and 7.02 shall
not exceed the maximum amount of Net Losses and items of deduction and loss that can be so allocated without causing any Member
to have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit at the end of any Fiscal Year. All Net Losses and items of deduction or loss in excess
of the limitations set forth in this Section 7.02 shall be allocated to the Members who do not have Adjusted Capital Account Deficits
in proportion to their Adjusted Capital Accounts. To the extent that Members have been allocated Net Losses pursuant to the previous
sentence, prior to any allocation of Net Profits pursuant to Section 7.01(a) such Members shall be allocated Net Profits  pro
rata  in proportion to such allocated Net Losses. 

Section 7.03.        
  Curative Allocations.  The allocations set forth in Section 7.02 hereof (the   Regulatory Allocations  )
are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Regulations. It is the intent of the Members that, to the extent possible,
all Regulatory Allocations shall be offset either with other Regulatory Allocations or with special allocations of other items
of Company income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to this Section 7.03. Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision of this
Article VII (other than the Regulatory Allocations), the Members shall make such offsetting special allocations of Company income,
gain, loss or deduction in whatever manner they determine appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations are made, each
Member s Capital Account balance is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Member would have
had if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of the Agreement and all Company items were allocated pursuant to this Article VII
without regard to the Regulatory Allocations. In exercising their discretion under this Section 7.03, the Members shall take
into account future Regulatory Allocations under Section 7.02 that, although not yet made, are likely to offset other Regulatory
Allocations previously made under Section 7.02. 

Section 7.04.        
  Tax Allocations.  (a) In accordance with Code Section 704(c) and the Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss, and
deduction with respect to any property contributed to the 

capital of the Company shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated
among the Members so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to the Company for United
States federal income tax purposes and its initial Asset Value (computed in accordance with the definition of Asset Value). 

(b)       In
the event the Asset Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant to subparagraph (ii) of the definition of Asset Value, subsequent
allocations of income, gain, loss, and deduction with respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted
basis of such asset for United States federal income tax purposes and its Asset Value in the same manner as under Code Section
704(c) and the Regulations thereunder. 

(c)       Any
elections or other decisions relating to such allocations shall be made by the Tax Matters Partner in any manner that reasonably
reflects the purpose and intention of this Agreement. Allocations pursuant to this Section 7.04 are solely for purposes of United
States federal, state, and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any Member s
Capital Account or share of Net Profit, Net Loss, other items, or distributions pursuant to any provision of this Agreement. 

(d)       Except
as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all items of Company gain, loss, deduction, and any other allocations not otherwise provided
for shall be divided among the Members in the same proportions as they share Net Profit or Net Loss, or amounts specially allocated
pursuant to Section 7.02 or 7.03 hereof, as the case may be, for the Fiscal Year. 

Section 7.05.        
  Tax Matters.  (a) The Company shall file as a partnership for United States federal and state income tax purposes. 

(b)                
 All decisions with respect to Taxes of the Company shall be made by the Board of Managers in accordance with the provisions
of Article V. 

(c)                 
 Amyris shall (i) be the initial tax matters partner within the meaning of Section 6231 of the Code and any comparable provision
of state or local income tax Law, and (ii) the initial  partnership representative  for purposes of Section 6223 and
Section 6231 of the Code, as amended by the Revised Partnership Audit Procedures (the designated roles in clauses (i) and (ii)
above shall collectively be referred to herein as the   Tax Matters Partner  ). A different Tax Matters Partner
may be selected at any time by Members representing at least seventy-five percent (75%%) of the Membership Units. 

(d)                
 Tax audits, controversies and litigations shall be conducted under the direction of the Tax Matters Partner, in consultation
with the Company s attorneys and/or accountants, and if desired by a Member with the Member s attorneys and/or accountants.
The Tax Matters Partner shall furnish promptly to the Company which shall furnish promptly to the other Members a copy of all notices
or other written communications received by the Tax Matters Partner from the Internal Revenue Service or any state of local taxing
authority. The Tax Matters Partner shall submit to the Board of Managers, for their review, comment, and approval, any settlement
or compromise offer with respect to any disputed item, including any item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit of the Company. 

(e)                 
 The Tax Matters Partner shall cause all tax returns of the Company to be timely prepared in consultation with the Company s
attorneys and/or accountants, and if desired by a Member with the Member s attorneys and/or accountants, and timely filed.
Copies of such returns shall be kept at the Company s principal place of business or at such other place as the Tax Matters
Partner shall determine and shall be available for inspection by the Members or their duly authorized representatives during regular
business hours. The Tax Matters Partner shall distribute to the Company which shall 

distribute to each of the Members, as soon as
practicable after the end of the Fiscal Year of the Company, information with respect to the Company necessary for each Member
to prepare its United States federal, state and local, or foreign, tax returns. Each Member agrees to promptly provide to the Tax
Matters Partner any information requested by the Tax Matters Partner so as to enable the Company to make any election under Section
6225 or 6226 of the Code (as amended by the Revised Partnership Audit Procedures), comply with any documentation requirements in
connection with any such election, modify any  imputed underpayment  as defined under the Revised Partnership Audit
Procedures, and comply with any other requirements in the Revised Partnership Audit Procedures. The Company shall retain all information
collected from each Member pursuant to this Section 7.05(e). All elections required or permitted to be made by the Company, and
all other tax decisions and determinations relating to United States federal, state or local tax matters that may affect the Company
or any Member shall be communicated to the relevant governmental taxing authorities on behalf of the Company by the Tax Matters
Partner, in consultation with the Company s attorneys and/or accountants, and if desired by a Member with the Member s
attorneys and/or accountants, but only after prior approval by the Board of Managers of such communication by the Tax Matters Partner. 

(f)                 
 Any taxes, penalties, and interest payable under the Revised Partnership Audit Procedures by the Company or any fiscally
transparent entity in which the Company owns an interest shall be treated as specifically attributable to the Members, and the
Tax Matters Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to allocate the burden of (or any diminution in distributable proceeds
resulting from) any such taxes, penalties or interest to those Members to whom such amounts are specifically attributable (whether
as a result of their status, actions, inactions or otherwise), as determined in good faith by the Tax Matters Partner and approved
by the Board of Managers. In connection with the foregoing, to the extent that the Company is assessed amounts under Section 6221(a)
of the Code (as amended by the Revised Partnership Audit Procedures), each current or former Member to which the assessment relates
shall remit to the Company, within thirty (30) days  written notice by the Tax Matters Partner, an amount equal to such Member s
allocable share of the assessment, including such Member s allocable share of any interest imposed on the Company. The foregoing
sentence shall survive the dissolution of the Company, the withdrawal of any Member from the Company and the Transfer of any Member s
Membership Units. 

Article
VIII 
Distribution 

Section 8.01.        
  Distribution.  (a) Subject to Section 8.01(b), the Company, as determined by the Board of Managers in accordance with
Article V, may make distributions to the Members,  pro rata  in accordance with their respective Membership Units. 

(b) Unless determined by the Managers in accordance
with Section 5.05(a)(vi) (taking into account the ongoing capital needs of the Company), the Company shall make quarterly distributions,
to the extent of available cash, to each Member, in an amount equal to such Member s share,  pro rata  in accordance
with their respective Membership Units, of the Company s Assumed Tax Liability. For the purposes of this Section 8.01(b),
  Assumed Tax Liability   means the product of the Company s assumed taxable income through the payment
date multiplied by the highest combined maximum effective United States federal, state and local income tax rate applicable to
any Member. The Company will make a good faith estimate of the Assumed Tax Liability each quarter, and cash distributions will
be made, the extent of available cash, to the Members in an amount equal to the appropriate percentage of such estimate adjusted
for prior distributions on April 14, June 14, September 14 and December 14 of such year. A final determination of Assumed Tax Liability
will be made no later than March 1 of the year succeeding the year with respect to which such Assumed Tax Liability is being calculated,
with adjusting payments to be made to or from the Company by March 15 of such year. 

Distributions not made for any reason pursuant
to this Section 8.01(b) shall accumulate without interest until paid. In addition, any distribution made by the Company in excess
of the required distributions for a required distribution date shall be applied towards the next scheduled distribution. 

Section 8.02.        
  Liquidation Distribution.  Distributions made upon liquidation of the Company shall be made as provided in Section
11.05. 

Section 8.03.        
  Distribution Rules.  (a) All amounts withheld pursuant to the Code or any provision of any state or local tax Law
with respect to any payment, distribution or allocation by the Company to the Members shall be treated as amounts distributed to
the Members pursuant to this Article VIII for all purposes of this Agreement. The President is authorized and directed to withhold
from distribution, or with respect to allocations, to the Members and to pay over to any United States federal, state or local
government any amounts required to be so withheld pursuant to the Code or any provision of any other applicable United States federal,
state or local Law and shall allocate such amounts to those Members with respect to which such amounts were withheld. Promptly
-upon learning of any requirement under any provision of the Code or any other applicable Law requiring the Company to withhold
any sum from a distribution to a Member or to make any payment to any taxing authority in respect of such Member, the Company shall
give written notice to such Member of such requirement and, if practicable and if requested by such Member, shall cooperate with
such Member in all lawful respects to minimize or to eliminate any such withholding or payment. 

(b)                
 A Member shall not have the status of, and is not entitled to the remedies available to, a creditor of the Company with
regard to distributions that such Member becomes entitled to receive pursuant to this Agreement and the Act. 

Section 8.04.        
  Limitations on Distribution.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company
shall not make a distribution to any Member on account of its Membership Units if such distribution would violate Section 18-607
of the Act or other applicable Law. 

Article
IX 
Books and records; financial statements 

Section 9.01.        
  Books and Records; Financial Statements.  (a) At all times during the continuance of the Company, the Company shall
prepare and maintain separate books of account for the Company that shall show a true and accurate record of all costs and expenses
incurred, all charges made, all credits made and received and all income derived in connection with the operation of the Company
Business in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and, to the extent inconsistent therewith, in accordance with this Agreement.
Such books of account, together with a certified copy of this Agreement and of the Certificate, shall at all times be maintained
at the principal place of business of the Company. The books of account and the records of the Company shall be examined by and
reported upon as of the end of each Fiscal Year by a firm of independent certified public accountants that shall be selected by
the Board of Managers per Section 5.05 (the   Auditors  ). 

(b)                
 The following financial information, prepared, in accordance with GAAP, together with an operating report in a form to be
determined by the Board of Managers analyzing such information, shall be transmitted by the Company to each Member at the times
hereinafter set forth: 

(i)                   
 Within sixty (60) days after the close of each Fiscal Year, the following financial statements, examined, and certified
to, by the Auditors: 

(A)                
 the balance sheet of the Company as of the close of such Fiscal Year; 

(B)                
 a statement of Company Net Profits and Net Losses for such Fiscal Year; 

(C)                
 a statement of the Company s cash flows for such Fiscal Year; and 

(D)                
 a statement of such Member s Capital Account as of the close of such Fiscal Year, and changes therein during such
Fiscal Year. 

(ii)                 
 Within sixty (60) days after the close of each Fiscal Year, a statement indicating such Member s share of each item
of Company income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for such Fiscal Year for income tax purposes. 

(iii)               
 As soon as available and in any event within forty (40) days after the end of each three-month period ended March 31, June
30 and September 30 of each Fiscal Year, balance sheets of the Company as of the end of such three-month period and statements
of income and Company Net Profits and Net Losses for the period commencing at the end of the previous Fiscal Year and ending with
the end of such three-month period, certified by the chief financial officer or treasurer of the Company. 

(iv)               
 As soon as practicable and in any event within twenty (20) days following the end of each calendar month, a monthly operating
summary of the Company s activities in a form to be established by the Board of Managers. 

(c)                 
 Each Member shall provide to the Company upon request tax basis information about contributed assets and other tax information
reasonably requested by the Company. 

(d)                
 The following financial information, prepared by the Company in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
- IFRS, together with an operating report in a form to be determined by the Board of Managers analyzing such information, shall
be transmitted by the Company to each Member at the times hereinafter set forth: 

(i)                   
 Within ten (10) Business Days after the end of each three-month period ended March 31, June 30, September 30 and December
31 of each Fiscal Year, the following financial statements: 

(A)                
 the balance sheet of the Company as of the three-month period ended compared with the last Fiscal Year; 

(B)                
 the income statement as of the three-month period ended and year-to-date compared with the relative three-month period and
year-to-date; 

(C)                
 the statement of cash flow as of the three-month period ended and year-to-date compared with the relative three-month period
and year to-date; 

(D)                
 the statement of changes in equity as of the three-month period ended compared with the last Fiscal Year. 

Section 9.02.        
  Reporting Requirements.  The President shall furnish or cause to be furnished to each Manager: 

(i)                   
 as soon as possible and in any event within ten (10) days after the Company has received notice of the occurrence of any
default or event of default continuing on the date of such statement under any agreement relating to any material obligation of
the Company, a statement of the Company setting forth details of such default or event of default and the action which the Company
has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto; 

(ii)                 
 promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all reports that the Company sends to any of its lenders or creditors,
and copies of all tax returns that the Company files with any United States federal or state taxing authority; 

(iii)               
 within fifteen (15) days of the filing by the Tax Matters Partner of the Company s United States federal tax return
(United States federal Form 1065), a copy of Schedule K-1 of United States federal Form 1065 reporting the Member s allocable
share of Net Profits, Net Losses and other items of income, gain, deductions or loss for such Fiscal Year, and, from time to time,
such additional information as the Member may reasonably require for tax purposes; and 

(iv)               
 such other information regarding the condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of the Company as any Member may from
time to time reasonably request including any information that any Member determines to be necessary for such Member or its Affiliates
to fulfill legal or statutory reporting and disclosure requirements. 

Section 9.03.        
 Access; Due Diligence. 1.1              
  Any Member, along with its respective Affiliates and auditors, shall have access to the Company s financial records
and personnel to enable such Member, along with its respective Affiliates and auditors, to undertake review and audit procedures
in accordance with the auditing standards in force in the United States or in Brazil, as applicable. The Board of Managers shall
cause the Company to keep accurate and complete records, books and accounts on the basis appropriate to the Company s business,
as required by applicable Law. Each Member shall have the right (which it may exercise through any of its duly authorized employees
or agents or its independent accountants or the duly authorized employees or agents or its independent accountants of its Affiliates,
as applicable) to audit, examine and make copies of or extracts from any books, accounts and records of the Company, at such Member s
own cost and expense, upon prior written notice to the Company and/or the other Members, during the regular business hours of the
Company, on the premises of the Company or where such records, books and accounts are kept; provided, however that no Member shall
have the right to have a private audit of the Company books and records conducted more than once in any Fiscal Year. If the Company
incurs any additional costs to produce and deliver such information to the requesting Member, such requesting Member shall bear
the costs related thereto. In addition, the Company will give, or cause to be given, to each Member and its representatives, during
normal business hours, such reasonable access (upon reasonable notice and in a manner as to not unreasonably interfere with normal
business operations) to the personnel, properties, contracts, books, records, files and documents as may be reasonably necessary
to allow the Members to participate fully in the continued operations of the Company as appropriate in their respective roles as
Members, including the negotiation of financing for the Company s initial plant and the subsequent management of the construction
process for such plant. 

Section 9.04.        
  Semi-Annual Updates to Members regarding Company BioFene Transformation Technology.  Every January 15 and July 15
while Amyris s license under Section 2.2 of 

the IP License Agreement is in effect, the Company will provide
the Members with a written update on Company BioFene Transformation Technology. Such semi-annual updates will include a list of
any Patents in the Company BioFene Transformation Technology identified by their respective title, inventors, serial numbers, filing
date, and status. The Company also agrees to copy the Members on any official correspondence between the Company (or the Company s
counsel) and any patent office regarding Patents in Company BioFene Transformation Technology. 

Article
X 
Restrictions on transfer 

Section 10.01.    
  Legends.  (a) If the Company issues to Members a certificate evidencing Membership Units issued to Members, it shall
affix to each such certificate a legend in substantially the following form: 

THE MEMBERSHIP UNITS REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND, IN
EACH CASE, IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

THE MEMBERSHIP UNITS REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT
TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AS SET FORTH IN THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JULY 19, 2016,
AS IT MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF THE COMPANY. NO REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER OF THESE MEMBERSHIP UNITS WILL BE MADE ON THE BOOKS OF THE COMPANY UNLESS AND UNTIL SUCH RESTRICTIONS SHALL HAVE BEEN
COMPLIED WITH.  

(b)                
 Certificates representing Membership Units issued prior to the date hereof shall bear the legend set forth in Section 10.01(a). 

(c)                 
 In the event that any Membership Units shall cease to be Restricted Membership Units and the Company issues Membership Unit
certificates to Members, the Company shall, upon the written request of the holder thereof, issue to such holder a new certificate
evidencing such Membership Units without the first paragraph of the legend required by Section 10.01(a) endorsed thereon. In the
event that the Membership Units shall cease to be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Agreement and the Company
issues Membership Unit certificates to Members, the Company shall, upon the written request of the holder thereof, issue to such
holder a new certificate evidencing such Membership Units without the legend required by the second paragraph of Section 10.01(a).
Before issuing a new certificate omitting part or all of the legend set forth in Section 10.01(a), the Company may request an opinion
of counsel reasonably satisfactory to it to the effect that the restrictions discussed in the legend to be omitted no longer apply
to the Membership Units represented by such certificate. 

Section 10.02.    
  Restrictions on Transfer; Required Transfers.  

(a)                 
  Restrictions on Transfer and Encumbrance . Each of the Members hereby agrees that it shall not be permitted to Transfer,
or create, incur or assume any Encumbrance with respect to, any of its Membership Units, and the Company shall be prohibited from
registering any such Transfer or Encumbrance on any of its corporate documents and books, except (i) where otherwise agreed upon
in writing by all of the Members or (ii) for any Transfer made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Any voluntary
or involuntary Transfer or Encumbrance of Membership Units or rights to subscribe for additional Membership Units by the Members
shall be subject to the provisions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Members hereby agree and
covenant not to Transfer to any Third Party any of their Membership Units before December 31, 2016. 

(b)                
  Transfers to Affiliates . Irrespective of the restrictions on Transfer set forth in this Section 10.02, at any time
a Member may, after giving prior written notice to the other Members, Transfer all or part of its Membership Units to an Affiliate,
 provided  that: 

(i)                   
 the transferring Member jointly guarantees with such Affiliate all of the obligations of such Affiliate under this Agreement; 

(ii)                 
 the Membership Units are transferred back to the transferring Member prior to the Affiliate ceasing to be an Affiliate of
such Member. The transferring Member shall provide to the other Members such information as may be reasonably requested to ascertain
that the Affiliate has not ceased to be an Affiliate of the transferring Member; and 

(iii)               
 the Affiliate unconditionally adheres to this Agreement and the corresponding instrument of adhesion is filed with the Company,
together with this Agreement. 

(c)                 
  Right of First Refusal; Tag Along Right . Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, including Section 10.02(a)
above, in case any Member (the   Selling Member  ) wishes to Transfer any of its Membership Units, directly or
indirectly, to any Third Party, the other Members shall have the right of first refusal to acquire all and not less than
all of the Membership Units that such Selling Member wishes to Transfer (the   Right of First Refusal  ).
As long as a Member owns Membership Units representing fifty percent (50%) or less of the Company s Membership Units, such
Member shall also have the right to include in the offer of the Selling Member its own Membership Units, as per the provisions
below (  Tag Along Right  ). Each such right shall be exercised in accordance with the terms set forth below. 

(i)                   
  Sale Notice . If the Selling Member has received a good-faith binding purchase offer from a Third Party for its Membership
Units (which is a condition precedent to any Transfer although such binding purchase offer may be made in response to an offer
to sell by the Selling Member) and is willing to accept the terms of such purchase offer, then the Selling Member shall notify
the other Members in writing of its intention to Transfer its Membership Units, indicating the purchase offer terms, which shall
include the name (and, if a legal entity, the owners) of the purchaser, the number of Membership Units intended to be Transferred,
and the price, payment terms, and any other commercial terms applicable to such transaction, and enclose a copy of the offer received
from the relevant Third Party evidencing such terms and conditions (  Sale Notice  ). The Sale Notice shall be
delivered to the other Members within five (5) Business Days from the acceptance by the Selling Member of the Third Party offer,
which acceptance shall be subject in all respects to the provisions of this Section 10.02. Such 

terms indicated in the Sale Notice shall
be applicable to the Transfer of the Membership Units by the Selling Member, to the Right of First Refusal and to the exercise
of the Tag Along Right, if applicable. 

(ii)                 
  Payment Terms on Sale Notice . The payment terms on the Sale Notice shall always provide for payment in cash or in
shares that are listed and publicly traded in the BM FBOVESPA, New York Stock Exchange, or NASDAQ Global Select Market (  Non
Cash Consideration  ). In case of payment in shares, if the Right of First Refusal is exercised by any of the other Members,
the purchase price under the Sale Notice shall be computed based on the market price of such Non Cash Consideration, as per the
weighted average of the sale prices per share of the Non Cash Consideration (or if no closing sale price is reported, the weighted
average of the bid and asked prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and average asked prices)
in the last sixty (60) trading days prior to the Sale Notice. Once such purchase price is computed, payment by any non-Selling
Member, if it exercises its Right of First Refusal, shall be made in cash. 

(iii)               
  Right of First Refusal . No later than thirty (30) days following the receipt of the Sale Notice, each non-Selling
Member may send the Selling Member a written notice expressing its intention to exercise its Right of First Refusal (each, a   ROFR
Notice   and collectively, the   ROFR Notices  ). Each Member s ROFR Notice must indicate the maximum
number of Membership Units such Member is willing to purchase from the Selling Member. If the ROFR Notices do not contain an offer
to acquire all of the Selling Member s Membership Units that such Member wishes to Transfer, then the Right of First Refusal
of each non-Selling Member that delivered a ROFR Notice with respect to the transactions set forth in the Sale Notice shall be
deemed terminated. If the ROFR Notices contain an offer to acquire exactly all of the Selling Member s Membership Units,
then the Right of First Refusal of each non-Selling Member that delivered a ROFR Notice is deemed to be exercised, with each such
Member agreeing to purchase from the Selling Member the maximum number of Membership Units such Member indicated a willingness
to purchase in its ROFR Notice. If the combined ROFR Notices contain an offer to acquire Membership Units in excess of the Selling
Member s Membership Units, then the Right of First Refusal of each non-Selling Member that delivered a ROFR Notice is deemed
to be exercised, with each such Member agreeing to purchase from the Selling Member that number of Membership Units that equals
(A) the total number of Membership Units offered for sale by the Selling Member multiplied by (B) the ratio of (1) the number of
Membership Units such non-Selling Member indicated a willingness to purchase divided by (2) the aggregate of the number of Membership
Units that all non-Selling Members indicated a willingness to purchase. In any case where a non-Selling Member successfully exercises
its Right of First Refusal as set forth in this Section 10.02(c)(iii), it shall be obligated to acquire, and the Selling Member
obligated to sell to such non-Selling Member, those Membership Units of the Selling Member required under the terms of this Section
10.02(c)(iii) within sixty (60) days following the receipt of the Sale Notice, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in
the Sale Notice. 

(iv)               
  Tag Along Right . If no non-Selling Member successfully exercises its Right of First Refusal, each non-Selling Member
(if it owns fifty percent (50%) or less of the Company s Membership Units) may instead send the Selling Member, no later
than thirty (30) days following the receipt of the Sale Notice, a written notice expressing its intention to exercise its Tag Along
Right (each, a   Tag Along Notice   and collectively, the   Tag Along Notices  ). Each Member s
Tag Along Notice must indicate the maximum 

number of Membership Units such Member
is willing to sell to the Third Party for the consideration stated in the Sale Notice. If the Third Party is unwilling to purchase
any number of Membership Units greater than the Selling Member s Membership Units, then each Member that exercised its Tag
Along Right will have a right to sell a number of Membership Units equal to (A) the total number of Membership Units offered for
sale by the Selling Member multiplied by (B) such Member s Percentage Interest. If the Third Party is willing to purchase
a number of Membership Units greater than the Selling Member s Membership Units, but less than all of the Membership Units
offered for sale in the Tag Along Notices, then each Member that exercised its Tag Along Right will have a right to sell a number
of Membership Units equal to (Y) the total number of Membership Units the Third Party is willing to purchase multiplied by (Z)
such Member s Percentage Interest. In any case where a non-Selling Member successfully exercises its Tag Along Right as set
forth in this Section 10.02(c)(iv), the number of Membership Units of each Member that successfully exercised its Tag Along Right
will replace an equal number of the Membership Units offered for sale by the Selling Member, and such Member shall be obligated
to sell those Membership Units required under the terms of this Section 10.02(c)(iv) within sixty (60) days following receipt the
receipt of the Sale Notice, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in the Sale Notice. 

(v)                 
  Rights not Exercised; Transfer to Third Party . If no non-Selling Member successfully exercises its Right of First
Refusal or Tag Along Right within the above mentioned thirty (30)-day period, the Selling Member may, within one hundred and twenty
(120) days from the expiry of such thirty (30)-day period, freely Transfer all of its Membership Units mentioned in the Sale
Notice to the relevant Third Party, pursuant to the terms set forth in the Sale Notice. The transferee shall agree in writing,
per Section 10.04, to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, as amended from time to time. Once the transferee formally adheres
to this Agreement, it will inherit all rights and obligations of the Selling Member, except in any case where the Third Party does
not acquire all of the Membership Units owned by the Selling Member, in such case, all voting rights inherent to the acquired Membership
Units under this Agreement shall be exercised by the Selling Member and the Third Party collectively, as a block. 

(vi)               
  Failure to Complete Transfer . If the final terms and conditions for the Transfer under Section 10.02(c)(v) above
have changed in any material respect in relation to those originally contained in the Sale Notice, or if at the end of the one
hundred and twenty (120)-day period referred to in such Section, the Selling Member has not Transferred its Membership Units, but
still intends to do so, then the procedures described above shall be resumed and repeated. 

(vii)             
  Solicitation of Offers . The Members hereby agree that in the event the Selling Member wishes to solicit an offer
for a part or all of its Membership Units from a Third Party, the Selling Member shall inform, in writing, the non-Selling Members
of its intention to initiate a process to solicit offers for the Transfer of its Membership Units. The non-Selling Members have
no right of first offer or right of first negotiation with regard to the Selling Member s solicitation for offers; however,
if the Selling Member receives a good-faith binding purchase offer from any Third Party as a result of such solicitation, such
offer will be subject to this Section 10.02(c) (as noted in Section 10.02(c)(i)). 

(d)                
  Indemnification.  In the case of a Transfer, Encumbrance, or attempted Transfer or Encumbrance of Membership Units
or other interest in the Company contrary to the provisions of the 

Agreement, the parties engaging or attempting
to engage in such Transfer shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and each of the Members from all losses that such indemnified
Persons may incur (including, without limitation, incremented tax liability and reasonable lawyers  fees and expenses) in
enforcing the provisions of this Agreement. 

Section 10.03.    
  Improper Transfer or Encumbrance.  Any attempt not in compliance with this Agreement to make any Transfer of, or create,
incur or assume any Encumbrance with respect to, any Membership Units shall be null and void and of no force and effect, the purported
transferee shall have no rights or privileges in or with respect to the Company, and the Company shall not give any effect in the
Company s records to such attempted Transfer or Encumbrance. 

Section 10.04.    
  Transferees to Execute Agreement.  Each Member agrees that it will not, during the term of this Agreement, directly
or indirectly, make any Transfer of any Membership Units Beneficially Owned by such Member unless prior to the consummation of
any such Transfer, the Person to whom such Transfer is proposed to be made (a   Prospective Transferee  ) (i)
executes and delivers to the Company a Joinder Agreement and (ii) unless such Prospective Transferee is a recognized institutional
investor, delivers to the Company an opinion of counsel, satisfactory in form and substance to the Company, to the effect that
the execution of the Joinder Agreement by such Prospective Transferee makes this Agreement a legal, valid and binding obligation
of such Prospective Transferee enforceable against such Prospective Transferee in accordance with its terms. Upon the execution
and delivery by such Prospective Transferee of the Joinder Agreement, compliance of the Transfer with the provisions of this Agreement
(including Section 2.15), and, if required, the delivery of the opinion of counsel referred to in clause (ii) of the preceding
sentence, such Prospective Transferee shall be deemed a  Member  for purposes of this Agreement and shall have the
rights and be subject to the obligations of a Member under this Agreement with respect to the Membership Units owned by such Prospective
Transferee. 

Article
XI 
dissolution, liquidation and termination 

Section 11.01.    
  No Dissolution.  The Company shall not be dissolved by the admission of additional Members in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. 

Section 11.02.    
  Events Causing Dissolution.  (a) The Company shall be dissolved and its affairs shall be wound up upon the occurrence
of any of the following events: 

(i)                   
 the expiration of the term of the Company as provided in Section 2.03; 

(ii)                 
 the unanimous vote of the Members to dissolve, wind up and liquidate the Company; 

(iii)               
 the Insolvency Event of a Member, unless, within one hundred twenty (120) days after the occurrence of such event, the other
Members, in their sole discretion, agree in writing to continue the business of the Company and to exercise the right to purchase
all of the bankrupt or insolvent Member s Membership Units as described below; 

(iv)               
 the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 18-802 of the Act; or 

(v)                 
 the termination of the IP License Agreement. 

If the Company is continued pursuant to clause (iii) above after
the Insolvency Event of a Member (the   Former Member  ), the remaining Members shall have the right to purchase
all, but not less than all, of the Membership Units of such Former Member at the Fair Market Value of such Membership Units, and 

each Member shall be entitled to purchase from the Former Member
that number of Membership Units that equals (A) the total number of Membership Units of such Former Member multiplied by (B) the
ratio of (1) such Member s Membership Units divided by (2) the aggregate of the Membership Units of all Members other than
the Former Member. The Former Member shall, upon exercise of such right, sell to such Members all such Membership Units at such
price. Any acquisition pursuant to this Section 11.02 shall be completed within thirty (30) days from the final determination of
the Fair Market Value of the Membership Units of the Former Member. In case an Insolvency Event occurs and the non-insolvent Members
exercise their rights to purchase hereunder, then any and all actions pursuant to any meeting resolutions or written consents of
the Members or the Board of Managers thereafter shall be decided by the non-insolvent Members, except if otherwise required under
applicable Law. 

Section 11.03.    
  Notice of Dissolution.  Upon the dissolution of the Company, the Person or Persons unanimously approved by the Members
to carry out the winding up of the Company (the   Liquidating Trustee  ) shall promptly notify the Members of
such dissolution, except that, in the case of a dissolution pursuant to Section 11.02(a)(iii), the Liquidating Trustee shall be
the Person or Persons approved by the Members that are not bankrupt or insolvent. 

Section 11.04.    
  Liquidation.  

(a)                 
 Upon dissolution of the Company, the Liquidating Trustee shall immediately commence to wind up the Company s affairs;
 provided however , that a reasonable time shall be allowed for the orderly liquidation of the assets of the Company and the
satisfaction of liabilities to creditors so as to enable the Members to minimize the normal losses attendant upon a liquidation.
The Members shall continue to share Net Profits and Net Losses during liquidation in the same proportions, as specified in Article
VII hereof, as before liquidation. Each Member shall be furnished with a statement audited by the Auditors that shall set forth
the assets and liabilities of the Company as of the date of dissolution. Each Member (and its Affiliates) shall pay to the Company
all amounts then owing by it (and them) to the Company. The proceeds of liquidation shall be distributed, as realized, in the following
order and priority: 

(i)                   
 to creditors of the Company (including holders of Membership Units that are creditors to the extent otherwise permitted
by applicable Law), in satisfaction of the liabilities of the Company (whether by payment or the making of reasonable provision
for payment thereof), other than liabilities for distributions to holders of Membership Units; and 

(ii)                 
 to the Members  pro rata  in accordance with their positive Capital Account balances to the extent thereof, after giving
effect to all contributions, distributions and allocations for all periods. 

To the extent that the Members determine that any or all of the
assets of the Company shall be sold, such assets shall be sold as promptly as practicable, in a commercially reasonable manner.
For purposes of making the liquidating distributions required by this Section 11.04, the Liquidating Trustee may determine, subject
to the direction of the Members per Section 5.06(e), whether to distribute all or any portion of the assets of the Company in kind
or to sell all or any portion of the assets of the Company and distribute the proceeds therefrom. 

(b)                
 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Section 11.04, upon dissolution of the Company, the Liquidating Trustee
shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with Sections 11.04(a)(i) and 11.04(a)(ii) and the direction of the Members in
Subsection (a) above, (i) distribute in kind to each Member the respective assets contributed or transferred by such Member
to the Company, (ii) distribute in kind to Amyris any assets primarily used in or related to the business of Amyris and its Affiliates,
(iii) distribute in kind to Cosan US any assets primarily used in or related to the 

business of Cosan US and its Affiliates, and (iv)
distribute in kind to ARG any assets primarily used in or related to the business of ARG and its Affiliates. To the extent the
principles set forth in the preceding sentence would result in a Member receiving more than the portion of distributions it would
otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to Section 11.04(a) upon dissolution of the Company, such Member shall, at its election,
pay an amount in cash to the other Members equal to such excess value received pursuant to the preceding sentence or direct the
Company to sell assets otherwise distributable to such Member, for the benefit of the other Members, for a price equal to such
excess value received pursuant to the preceding sentence, with each other Member receiving the portion of such amount it would
otherwise be entitled to receive pursuant to Section 11.04(a). The value of each such asset at dissolution shall be determined
using the same methodology that was used to determine the value of the assets to be contributed to the Company. 

(c)                 
 As soon as practicable, the Liquidating Trustee shall deliver a written notice to each Member setting forth the value assigned
to each asset and the Member to which such asset will be distributed, in connection with the provisions of subsections (a) and
(b) above. Each Member shall have fifteen (15) days to dispute such valuation, and if no written notice of dispute is delivered
to the Liquidating Trustee and the other Members, the notice of valuation shall become final. If such notice of dispute is delivered,
the matter shall be submitted to an internationally recognized investment banking firm, accounting firm or valuation firm selected
by the Liquidating Trustee from a list of three such firms provided by the disputing Member. The banking, accounting or valuation
firm shall make a decision within sixty (60) days of referral, which decision shall be final and binding, and the fees and expenses
of such firm shall be borne by the Company. 

Section 11.05.    
  Termination of the Company.  

The Company shall terminate when all of the assets of the Company,
after payment of or due provision for all debts, liabilities and obligations of the Company, shall have been distributed to the
holders of Membership Units in the manner provided for in this Article XI, and the Certificate has been cancelled in the manner
required by the Act. 

Section 11.06.    
  Claims of the Members. . The Members shall look solely to the Company s assets for the return of their Capital
Contributions, and if the assets of the Company remaining after payment of or due provision for all debts, liabilities and obligations
of the Company are insufficient to return such Capital Contributions, the Members shall have no recourse against the Company or
the other Members or any other Person. No Member with a negative balance in such Member s Capital Account shall have any
obligation to the Company or to the other Members or to any creditor or other Person to restore such negative balance upon dissolution
or termination of the Company or otherwise. 

Article
XII 
Liability and indemnification 

Section 12.01.    
  Liability of Members.  (a) Except as otherwise provided by the Act or this Agreement, the debts, obligations and liabilities
of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company,
and no Covered Person shall be obligated personally for any such debt, obligation or liability of the Company solely by reason
of being a Covered Person. 

(b)                
 Except as otherwise expressly required by applicable Law, a Member, in its capacity as such, shall have no liability to
the Company or to any other Members in respect of any distributions wrongfully distributed to it unless such Member had actual
knowledge at the time of the distribution of facts indicating the impropriety of the distribution and if immediately after giving
effect to 

such distribution all liabilities of the Company
(other than liabilities to Members or assignees on account of their Membership Units and liabilities as to which recourse is limited
to specific property of the Company) exceed the fair market value of the Company s assets;  provided however , that
a Member shall have no liability under this Section 12.01 in respect of any distribution on or after the fourth anniversary of
the distribution unless an action to recover such distribution from such Member is commenced prior to such fourth anniversary and
an adjudication of liability against such Member is made in such action. 

Section 12.02.    
  Indemnification of Covered Person.  The Company shall indemnify each Covered Person against, and hold each Covered
Person harmless from, all claims, suits, judgments, losses, damages, fines or costs (including reasonable legal fees and expenses)
(  Losses  ) arising out of or resulting from any breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company
herein or the breach of or failure to perform any agreement or covenant made by the Company and contained herein. 

Section 12.03.    
  Indemnification by the Company.  (a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, a Covered Person shall be
entitled to indemnification from the Company for any Losses incurred by such Covered Person by reason of any act or omission performed
or omitted by such Covered Person in good faith on behalf of the Company and in a manner reasonably believed to be within the scope
of authority conferred on such Covered Person by this Agreement, except that no Covered Person shall be entitled to be indemnified
in respect of any Losses incurred by such Covered Person by reason of gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct with respect
to such acts or omissions;  provided however , that any indemnity under this Section 12.03 shall be provided out of and to
the extent of Company assets only, and no other Covered Person shall have any personal liability on account thereof. 

(b)                
 (i) In the event that any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding shall be instituted or asserted or any Losses shall
arise in respect of which indemnity may be sought by a Covered Person pursuant to Section 12.03(a), such Covered Person shall promptly
notify the Company thereof in writing. Failure to provide notice shall not affect the Company s obligations hereunder except
to the extent the Company is actually and materially prejudiced thereby. 

(ii)                 
 The Company shall have the right, exercisable subject to the approval of the disinterested Members, to participate in and
control the defense of any such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding and, in connection therewith, to retain counsel reasonably
satisfactory to each Covered Person, at the Company s expense, to represent each Covered Person and any others the Company
may designate in such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding. The Company shall keep the Covered Person advised of the status
of such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding and the defense thereof and shall consider in good faith recommendations made
by the Covered Person with respect thereto. 

(iii)               
 In any such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding, any Covered Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel
at its own expense;  provided however , that the fees and expenses of such Covered Person s counsel shall be at the
expense of the Company if (A) each other Member and such Covered Person shall have mutually agreed to the retention of such counsel,
(B) the Company shall have failed, within a reasonable time after having been notified of the existence of an indemnified claim,
to assume the defense of such indemnified claim or (C) the named parties to any such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding
(including any impleaded parties) include both the Company and such Covered Person and representation of both parties by the same
counsel would be inappropriate in the judgment of the Covered Person (as evidenced by an opinion of counsel) due to actual or potential
differing interests between them and the Company shall have failed, within a reasonable time after having been notified of the
Covered Person s objection under this Section 12.03(b)(iii)(C) to such joint representation, to 

retain counsel for such Covered Person
reasonably satisfactory to such Covered Person. It is understood that the Company shall not, in respect of the legal expenses of
any Covered Person, in connection with any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding or related claims, demands, actions, suits
or proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any
local counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company) for all such Covered Persons and that all such fees and expenses shall be
reimbursed as they are incurred;  provided however , that if there exists or is reasonably likely to exist a conflict of interest
that would make it inappropriate in the judgment of a Covered Person (as evidenced by an opinion of counsel) for the same counsel
to represent such Covered Person and any other Covered Person, then such Covered Person shall be entitled to retain its own counsel,
in each jurisdiction for which the Covered Person reasonably determines counsel is required, at the expense of the Company. 

(iv)               
 The Company shall not be liable for any settlement of any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding effected without its
written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), but if settled with such consent or if there be
a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Company agrees to indemnify each Covered Person, to the extent provided in Section 12.03(a),
from and against all Losses by reason of such settlement or judgment. The Company shall not effect any settlement of any pending
or threatened claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any Covered Person is seeking indemnification hereunder
without the prior written consent of each such Covered Person (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by any
such Covered Person), unless such settlement includes an unconditional release of each such Covered Person from all liability and
claims that are the subject matter of such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding. 

(v)                 
 As necessary or useful to the defending party in effecting the foregoing procedures, the parties shall cooperate in the
execution and delivery of agreements, instruments and other documents and in the provision of access to witnesses, documents and
property (including access to perform interviews, physical investigations or other activities). 

(vi)               
 No amendment or repeal of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall limit or eliminate the benefits provided to the
Members under this Section 12.03 or this Article XII. 

Section 12.04.    
  Advancement of Expenses.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, expenses (including legal fees) actually
and reasonably incurred by a Covered Person in defending any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding shall, from time to time,
be advanced by the Company prior to the final disposition of such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding upon receipt by the
Company of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Covered Person to repay such amount if it shall be determined that the Covered
Person is not entitled to be indemnified therefor as authorized in this Article XII. 

Article
XIII 
Exclusivity 

Section 13.01.    
  Exclusivity.  Subject to the Exclusivity Exceptions as defined in the IP License Agreement and also excepting viscosity
index improvers, the Members agree that, effective as of the Effective Date, the Company shall be the exclusive vehicle through
which they and their respective Affiliates (either individually, together, or with Third Parties) shall develop, make (have made),
offer for 

sale, sell, and import Base Oils and Additives derived from BioFene
for the Lubricant Market. To the extent that Cosan US or Amyris licenses or sells an Alternative Technology to the Company per
the terms of the IP License Agreement or Cosan US License Agreement (as applicable), then the above exclusivity will also include
Base Oils and Additives derived from such Alternative Technology for the Lubricants Market. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ARG
(directly or through one or more of its Affiliates) may develop, manufacture and sell Base Oils derived from Alternative Technology. 

Each Member acknowledges and agrees that the covenant contained
in this Section has been negotiated in good faith, is reasonable and not more restrictive or broader than is necessary to protect
the interests of the Members, and would not achieve its intended purpose if it was on different terms or for a period of time shorter
than the period provided for herein or was applied in more restrictive geographical areas than is provided herein. Each Member
further acknowledges and agrees that it would not have entered into this Agreement, but for the covenant contained in this Section
and that such covenant is essential to protect the value of the Company. Each Member acknowledges that the Company would be irreparably
harmed by any breach or threatened breach of this Section and that there will be no adequate remedy at law or in damages to compensate
the Company and the other Members for any such breach. 

Section 13.02.    
  Non-Solicitation.  (a) Each of the Members shall not, and shall cause its respective Affiliates, during the term of
each contract between the Company and each employee of the Company, and for a period of one (1) year after the date of such employee s
termination not to, directly or indirectly: 

(i)                   
 employ or contract, attempt to employ or contract, or assist anyone in employing or contracting any person who is then,
or was, an employee of the Company; or 

(ii)                 
 persuade or attempt to persuade any employee of the Company to leave such employment or to become employed by anyone other
than the Company. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 13.02
shall not apply to (1) any advertisement or general solicitation (or hiring as a result thereof) that is not specifically targeted
at the persons described in Section 13.02(a)(i) or (ii) above; (2) any Member s hiring of any such person who has terminated
employment with the Company at least twelve (12) months prior to the commencement of the solicitation of such employee; (3) any
Company employee or former employee who initiates such interest in employment; or (4) any employee or former employee of the Company
that was an employee of a Member or its Affiliate immediately prior to being an employee of the Company, exclusively in relation
to the respective Member that was the employer. 

Article
XIV 
Miscellaneous 

Section 14.01.    
  Confidential Information.  (a) As used herein,   Confidential Information   means any and all information
provided by or on behalf of a party hereto (  Disclosing Party  ) to another party (or parties) hereto (each a
  Receiving Party  ) or to their Representatives between March 26, 2013 and the termination of this Agreement,
regardless of the form or medium of communication, that relates to the Company or a Member in each case which information is either
proprietary to the Company or a Member, as applicable, or is otherwise not available to the general public including, but not limited
to, information about properties, employees, finances, strategies, businesses and operations of the Company or of a Member or its
Affiliates. In addition, those portions of any notes, analyses, compilations, studies, forecasts, interpretations or other documents
prepared by a Receiving Party or its Representatives that contain, reflect or are based upon, in whole or in part, Confidential
Information furnished to or acquired by such Receiving Party shall also be considered Confidential Information. As used herein, 

Representative   means the officers, directors,
employees, attorneys, accountants, advisors, consultants, auditors, agents, and actual or prospective investors, underwriters,
or acquirers of the applicable party hereto and of its Affiliates. 

(b)                
 Except with the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party or as specifically authorized in this Agreement, each Receiving
Party shall, and shall cause its Representatives (to the extent such Persons receive any Confidential Information) to, (i) maintain
in confidence any and all Confidential Information, (ii) take reasonable precautions to protect Confidential Information, (iii)
not disclose Confidential Information to any Person, and (iv) not make any use of such Confidential Information except for the
purposes specifically authorized herein. 

(c)                 
 A Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information, without the Disclosing Party s consent, to those of its Representatives
who (1) need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of assisting such Receiving Party (1) fulfill its obligations
or exercise its rights under this Agreement or (ii) evaluate or assist the Company and its business activities and (2) are bound
by written obligations of confidentiality and non-use substantially similar to those herein. A Receiving Party may also disclose
Confidential Information, without the Disclosing Party s consent, to the Company and to other Members, but such Receiving
Party is not responsible for any breach of this Section 14.01 by the Company or other Members with such Confidential Information.
Finally, a Receiving Party or its Affiliates may disclose the terms of this Agreement to actual or prospective investors, underwriters,
or acquirers who need to know such Confidential Information to evaluate the Receiving Party s (or its Affiliates )
business and who are bound by written obligations of confidentiality and non-use substantially similar to those herein. 

(d)                
 In addition, a Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information (including filing this Agreement and all necessary
documents regarding this transaction), without the Disclosing Party s consent, to the extent such disclosure is required,
on advice of counsel, by applicable Law (including pursuant to any listing agreement with, or the rules or regulations of, any
national securities exchange on which any securities of such Receiving Party (or any Affiliate thereof) are listed or traded);
provided, that the Receiving Party making such disclosure or whose Affiliates are making such disclosure shall so notify the other
parties hereto as promptly as practicable (and if possible and legally allowed, prior to making such disclosure) and shall seek
confidential treatment of such information to the extent available. 

(e)                 
 Notwithstanding Section 14.01(a), the provisions of Section 14.01 shall not apply to, and Confidential Information shall
not include: 

(i)                   
 any information that is or has become generally available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by any Receiving
Party or any Representative thereof in breach of any of the provisions of this Section 14.01; 

(ii)                 
 any information that has been independently developed by a Receiving Party (or any Affiliate thereof) without violating
any of the provisions of this Agreement or any other similar contract to which such Receiving Party or any of its Representatives,
is or are bound; or 

(iii)               
 any information made available to such Receiving Party (or any Affiliate thereof), on a non-confidential basis by any third
party who is not prohibited from disclosing such information to such Person by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation to
the Disclosing Party or any of its Representatives. 

(f)                 
 Except as otherwise provided for in this Section 14.01, Confidential Information received hereunder shall be used by each
Receiving Party and its Representatives solely for use in connection with such Receiving Party fulfilling its obligations or exercising
its rights under this Agreement or evaluating or assisting the Company and its business activities. 

(g)                 
 The obligations under this Section 14.01 shall survive for two (2) years after the termination of this Agreement, notwithstanding
the possible earlier occurrence of a dissolution of the Company, a Member s Transfer of its Membership Units, a withdrawal
by a Member from the Company and/or any Person ceasing to be an Affiliate of a Member. 

(h)                
 Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted as vesting, in favor of any Receiving Party or any other Person, any right
of ownership or other right in Confidential Information or other intellectual property of a Disclosing Party. 

Section 14.02.    
  Notices.  All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon receipt) by delivery in person, by courier service, by fax or by registered
or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such
other address for a party as shall be specification notice given in accordance with this Section 14.02: 

(i)                   
 If to the Company: 

Novvi LLC 
5885 Hollis Street 
Emeryville, CA 94608 
Attention: Jeff Brown, President 

(ii)                 
 if to a Member, then to the address or fax number set forth opposite such Member s name on Schedule 2.01 hereto. 

In addition, in case of any notice
to Cosan US, with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

Cosan Lubrificantes e Especialidades S.A. 
Rua Victor Civita n  77, Bloco 1, 4  andar 
Rio de Janeiro   RJ   Brazil 
CEP: 22775-905 
Attention: Departamento Juridico 

Jones Day 
222 East 41st Street 
New York, NY 10017-6702 
Attention: 

Mattos Filho, Veiga Filho, Marrey Jr. e Quiroga Advogados 
Alameda Joaquim Eugenio de Lima, 447, 
S o Paulo   SP   Brazil 
Attention: 

Section 14.03.    
  Public Announcements.  Except per Section 14.01(d), no party to this Agreement (including the Company) shall (i) make,
or cause to be made, any press release or public announcement in respect of this Agreement, (ii) use, or caused to be used, the
names of any Member or any Affiliate of any Member in any press release or public announcement regarding this Agreement or the 

Company, or (iii) otherwise communicate with any news media about
this Agreement or the Company without the prior written consent of the Members, not to be unreasonably withheld. The parties shall
cooperate as to the timing and contents of any such press release or public announcement. Following the initial press release or
other authorized public disclosure announcing the existence of this Agreement (if any), each party hereto shall be free to disclose,
without the other parties  prior written consent, the existence of this Agreement, the identity of the other the other parties,
and those terms of this Agreement, each to the extent they have already been publicly disclosed in accordance herewith. 

Section 14.04.    
  Interpretation.  Throughout this Agreement, nouns, pronouns and verbs shall be construed as masculine, feminine, neuter,
singular or plural, whichever shall be applicable, Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to  Articles, 
 Sections  and paragraphs shall refer to corresponding provisions of this Agreement. 

Section 14.05.    
  Severability.  If any term or other provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being
enforced by any rule of applicable Law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions is not affected in any manner materially
adverse to any party. Upon a determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced,
the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as
closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally
contemplated to the fullest extent possible. 

Section 14.06.    
  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or email transmission) in one
or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall
be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Copies of executed counterparts
transmitted by telecopy, email, or other electronic transmission service shall be considered original executed counterparts for
purposes of this Section 14.06. 

Section 14.07.    
  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, together with the Purchase Agreement, the IP License Agreement and the Cosan US
License Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings pertaining thereto. 

Section 14.08.    
  Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Arbitration.  (a) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed, interpreted
and enforced in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles or rules of conflicts
of law or of choice of law thereof. 

(b)                
 In the event of any dispute between the Members and/or the Company involving any of this Agreement, the activities of the
Company, or the Company Business, or any combination of the foregoing (other than a dispute subject to Section 5.16), such dispute
shall be governed by and resolved subject to this Section 14.08. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the Members
undertake to use their reasonable efforts to amicably resolve by mutual negotiation of their chief executive officers (or their
designees) any disputes between themselves and/or the Company arising from or in connection to this Agreement and/or related hereto,
including but not limited to any issues relating to the existence, validity, effectiveness, contractual performance, interpretation,
breach or termination hereof. In case such mutual agreement is not reached under this Section, within thirty (30) days after submission
of the dispute to the Members  chief executive officers (or their designees), either Member may refer the dispute to binding
arbitration under the then-existing rules (  Arbitration Rules  ) of 

the American Arbitration Association (  Arbitration
Chamber  ), which will exclusively and finally settle such dispute. The Arbitration Rules are deemed to be incorporated
by reference to this Agreement, except as such Arbitration Rules may be modified herein or by mutual agreement by the Members.
The arbitration proceedings filed based on this Agreement shall be administered by the Arbitration Chamber. Any such arbitration
shall be conducted in accordance with, and subject in all respect to, the following: For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 14.08
equally binds all parties hereto (including the Company) to this Agreement, and such parties hereby agree to submit to and comply
with all the terms and conditions of this Section 14.08, which shall be in full force and effect irrevocably, and subject to specific
performance. The Company expressly agrees to be bound to these arbitration provisions for all legal purposes. Unless otherwise
agreed in writing, the Members shall continue to diligently perform their respective duties and obligations under this Agreement
while an arbitral proceeding is pending. 

(c)                 
 Any arbitration under this Section 14.08 will be settled by a panel of three (3) arbitrators. If there are only two parties
to the arbitration, each party shall nominate one arbitrator in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and the two arbitrators so
nominated shall nominate jointly a third arbitrator, who shall serve as the chair of the arbitral tribunal (  Arbitral
Tribunal  ), within fifteen (15) days from the receipt of a communication from the Arbitration Chamber by the
two previously nominated arbitrators. If there are multiple parties, whether as claimants or as respondents, the multiple claimants,
jointly, and the multiple respondents, jointly, shall nominate an arbitrator within the time limits set forth in the Arbitration
Rules. If any arbitrator has not been nominated within the time limits specified herein and/or in the Arbitration Rules, as applicable,
such appointment shall be made by the Arbitration Chamber upon the written request of any party within fifteen (15) days of such
request, If at any time a vacancy occurs in the Arbitral Tribunal, the vacancy shall be filled in the same manner and subject to
the same requirements as provided for the original appointment to that position. The Company as an intervening party to this Agreement
shall be a party to the arbitration proceeding only to the extent it may have to implement the award to be rendered, but it waives
its right to appoint any arbitrator. 

(d)                
 The place of arbitration shall be the city of New York, New York, U.S.A., where the award(s) shall be rendered, and all
arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in English. 

(e)                 
 An arbitration award shall be final, unappealable and binding on the parties, including the Company, their successors and
assignees, who agree to comply with it and spontaneously and expressly waive any form of appeal, except for the request for fraud,
correction of material error or clarification of uncertainty, doubt, contradiction or omission of the arbitration award. If necessary,
an arbitration award may be enforced in any court that has jurisdiction or authority over the Members, the Company, or their assets.
The arbitration award will include the distribution of costs, including reasonable attorney s fees and reasonable expenses
as the Arbitral Tribunal sees fit. 

(f)                 
 The Members and the Company are fully aware of all terms and effects of the arbitration provisions herein agreed upon and
irrevocably agree that arbitration hereunder is the only form of resolution of any disputes between any of the Members or any Member
and the Company or among themselves arising from or in connection with this Agreement and/or related thereto (except those subject
to Section 5.16). Without prejudice to the validity of these arbitration provisions, the Members and/or the Company may seek judicial
assistance and/or relief, if and when necessary, for the sole purposes of: 

(i)                   
 executing obligations that admit, forthwith, specific performance; 

(ii)                 
 obtaining coercive or precautionary measures or procedures of a preventive, provisional or permanent nature, as security
for the arbitration to be commenced or already in course between the Members and/or to ensure the existence and efficacy of the
arbitration proceeding; or 

(iii)               
 fraud, correction of material error or clarification of uncertainty, doubt, contradiction or omission of the arbitration
award; or 

(iv)               
 obtaining measures of a mandatory and specific nature; 

it being understood that, upon accomplishment of the mandatory or
specific enforcement procedures sought, the dispute shall be returned to the Arbitral Tribunal to be established or already established,
as applicable, full and exclusive authority to decide on all and any issues, whether related to procedure or merit, which has caused
the mandatory or specific enforcement claim, with the respective judicial proceeding being interrupted until the partial or final
decision of the Arbitral Tribunal. 

For the measures indicated in (i) through (iv) above, the Members
and/or the Company elect any state or U.S. federal court located in the city of New York, New York, U.S.A., to the exclusion of
any other courts, and the Members and/or the Company hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or U.S.
federal court located within the city of New York, New York, U.S.A. over any such action. The Members and/or the Company hereby
irrevocably waive, to the fully extent permitted by applicable Law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the laying
of venue of any such action brought in such court or any defense of inconvenient forum for the maintenance of such action. The
filing of any measure under this Subsection (f) does not entail any waiver to the arbitration under this Section 14.08 or to the
full jurisdiction of the Arbitral Tribunal. 

(g)                 
 The Members, the Company, and their respective Representatives, the witnesses, the Arbitral Tribunal, the Arbitration Chamber
and its secretariat agree to treat the existence, content, awards and decisions relating to an arbitration proceeding hereunder,
together with all the materials, information and testimony used therein or created for the purposes thereof, as well as other documents
produced or disclosed by the other Member or by the Company during the arbitration proceeding as Confidential Information of the
other Member or the Company, subject to the obligations and exceptions in Section 14.01. 

(h)                
 In order to facilitate the comprehensive resolution of related disputes under this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the
IP License Agreement, and/or the Cosan US License Agreement, any or all such disputes may be brought in a single arbitration under
the following circumstances and conditions: If one or more arbitrations are already pending between the Members and/or the Company
hereunder or under the Purchase Agreement, the IP License Agreement or under the Cosan US License Agreement and a new dispute arises
between the Members and/or the Company under any of said agreements or a subsequently filed arbitration is brought between the
Members and/or the Company under any said agreements, then a Member or the Company may request that such new dispute or any subsequently
filed arbitration be consolidated into any prior pending arbitration. Within twenty (20) days of a request to consolidate, the
parties to the new dispute or the subsequently filed arbitration shall select one of the prior pending arbitrations into which
the new dispute or subsequently filed arbitration may be consolidated (  Selected Arbitration  ). If the parties
to the new dispute or subsequently arbitration are unable to agree on the Selected Arbitration within such twenty (20) day
period, then the Arbitration Chamber shall indicate the Selected Arbitration within twenty (20) days of a written request
by a party to the new dispute or the subsequently filed arbitration. If the Arbitration Chamber fails to indicate the Selected
Arbitration within the 20-day time limit indicated above, the arbitration first initiated shall be considered the Selected Arbitration.
The new dispute or subsequently filed arbitration shall be so consolidated, provided that the Arbitral Tribunal for the Selected
Arbitration determines that: (i) the new dispute or subsequently filed arbitration presents significant issues of law or fact common
with those in the Selected Arbitration; (ii) no party to the new dispute or to the Selected Arbitration would be unduly harmed;
and (iii) consolidation under these circumstances would not result in undue delay for the Selected Arbitration, Any such order
of consolidation issued by the Arbitral Tribunal shall be final and binding 

upon the parties to the new dispute, the Selected
Arbitration and subsequently filed arbitrations, The Members and the Company waive any right they may have to appeal or to seek
interpretation, revision or annulment of such order of consolidation under the Arbitration Rules and/or the applicable Law in any
court. The Arbitral Tribunal for the Selected Arbitration into which a new dispute or subsequently filed arbitration is consolidated
shall serve as the Arbitral Tribunal for the consolidated arbitration. 

(i)                  
 Subject to applicable Law and this Section 14.08, process in any dispute, claim, action, suit or proceeding to enforce any
arbitral award rendered pursuant to and as provided in this Agreement may be served on a Member or the Company anywhere in the
world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each Member and the Company
agrees that service of process on a Member or the Company at the location, and as provided, in Section 14.02 shall be deemed effective
service of process on such Member or the Company, as applicable. Nothing herein shall affect the right of any Member or the Company
to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by applicable Law or at equity. 

(j)                  
 WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING BETWEEN THE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT THAT,
PER THIS AGREEMENT OR APPLICABLE LAW MAY BE BROUGHT IN A COURT, EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY WAIVES AND RELEASES TO THE OTHER
ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SEEK A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE, CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING. 

Section 14.09.    
  Specific Performance.  Subject to compliance with Section 14.08 above, the parties hereto agree that irreparable damage
would occur in the event any provision of this Agreement was not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties
hereto shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or in equity. 

Section 14.10.    
  Expenses.  Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all costs and expenses, including, without limitation,
fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby shalt be paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses. 

Section 14.11.    
  Amendments and Waivers; Assignment.  (a) Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived if, and only if,
such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an amendment, by all parties hereto, or in the case of a waiver,
by the party or parties against whom the waiver is to be effective;  provided ,  however , that Schedule 2.01 to this
Agreement shall be deemed amended from time to time to reflect the admission of a new Member, the withdrawal or resignation of
a Member and the adjustment of the Membership Units resulting from any Transfer or other disposition of a Membership Unit, in each
case that is made in accordance with the provisions hereof. 

(b)                
 No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder (other than a failure or delay beyond
a period of time specified herein) shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude
any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided
shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by applicable Law. 

(c)                 
 The respective rights and obligations of the Members under this Agreement may not be assigned without the prior written
consent of the other Members. The consent of the other Members shall not be unreasonably withheld. In case of an assignment to
a Controlled company, Controlling company or company under common Control, such consent shall not be withheld in any circumstance
if the assigning party remains liable for the obligations of the assignee under this Agreement 

or guarantees the fulfillment of such obligations,
as provided for in Section 10.02(b), except in the case in which Cosan US requests assignment to a joint venture company formed
by Cosan US or any Affiliate thereof and Shell International Petroleum Company Limited or any Affiliate thereof, in which case
the consent of Amyris may be withheld in its sole and absolute discretion. 

Section 14.12.    
  No Third Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their permitted assigns and successors and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any
other Person or entity, any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.
Without limiting the foregoing, any obligation of the Members to make Capital Contributions to the Company under this Agreement
is an agreement only between the Members and no other person or entity, including the Company, shall have any rights to enforce
such obligations. 

Section 14.13.    
  Headings.  The headings and subheadings in this Agreement are included for convenience and identification only and
are in no way intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or intent of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

Section 14.14.    
  Construction.  Each party hereto acknowledges and agrees it has had the opportunity to draft, review and edit the
language of this Agreement and that no presumption for or against any party arising out of drafting all or any part of this Agreement
will be applied in any controversy, claim or dispute relating to, in connection with or involving this Agreement. Accordingly,
the parties hereby waive the benefit of any rule of applicable Law, including California Civil Code Section 1654 and any successor
or amended statute, or any legal decision which would require that in cases of uncertainty, the language of a contract should be
interpreted most strongly against the party who drafted such language. 

Section 14.15.    
  Further Assurances.  Each of the Members hereto shall use reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate
action, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Law to consummate and make effective
the transactions contemplated hereunder, including, without limitation, using reasonable efforts to obtain all licenses, permits,
consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders of the competent governmental entities. Each of the Members shall
cooperate with the other when required in order to effect the transactions contemplated hereunder. In case at any time after the
date hereof, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the proper officers and
directors of each of the parties hereto shall use their reasonable efforts to take all such action. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
entered into this Agreement or have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers, in each
case as of the Effective Date. 

AMYRIS, INC. 

By: 
        /s/ R. Asadorian 

Name: R. Asadorian 

Title:   CFO 

COSAN US, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

American Refining Group, Inc.   

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOVVI LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement]    

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
entered into this Agreement or have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers, in each
case as of the Effective Date. 

AMYRIS, INC. 

By: 

Name:  

Title:    

COSAN US, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

COSAN US, INC.   

By: 
     /s/ (ILLEGIBLE) 

Name: (ILLEGIBLE) 

Title: Director 

American Refining Group, Inc.   

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

NOVVI LLC    

By:  

Name: 

Title: 

By:  

Name: 

Title: 

[Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement]   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have entered into this Agreement
or have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers, in each case as of the Effective Date. 

AMYRIS, INC. 

By: 

Name:  

Title:    

COSAN US, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

American Refining Group, Inc.   

By:   
     /s/ Timothy M. Brown 

Name: Timothy M. Brown 

Title: CEO 

NOVVI LLC    

By:  

Name: 

Title: 

By:  

Name: 

Title: 

[Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement]   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have entered into this Agreement
or have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers, in each case as of the Effective Date. 

AMYRIS, INC. 

By: 

Name:  

Title:    

COSAN US, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

American Refining Group, Inc.   

By:   

Name:  

Title:  

NOVVI LLC    

By:  
     /s/ Jason R. Wells 

Name: Jason R. Wells 

Title: CTO 

By:  
     /s/ Jeffrey Brown 

Name: Jeffrey Brown 

Title: President   CEO 

[Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement]   

Schedule
2.01 

List of Members and Addresses 

Amyris, Inc. 
5885 Hollis Street, Suite 101 
Emeryville, CA 94608 
Attn:     General Counsel 

Cosan US, Inc. 
2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400 
Wilmington, Delaware 19808 
Attn:     President 

American Refining Group, Inc. 

 100 Four Falls, Suite 215 

 West Conshohocken, PA 19428 

 Attn:     General Counsel 

i 

SCHEDULE 4.01(a)  

Prior Capital Contributions  

Amyris:   

i 

SCHEDULE 4.01(c)  

Holder of Membership Units  

i 

Exhibit
A 

Member Certificate 
Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Novvi LLC 

THE MEMBERSHIP UNITS REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM AND, IN EACH CASE, IN
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

THE MEMBERSHIP UNITS REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT
TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AS SET FORTH IN THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT DATED AS OF JUNE ___, 2016,
AS IT MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES OF THE COMPANY. NO REGISTRATION
OF TRANSFER OF THESE MEMBERSHIP UNITS WILL BE MADE ON THE BOOKS OF THE COMPANY UNLESS AND UNTIL SUCH RESTRICTIONS SHALL HAVE BEEN
COMPLIED WITH. 

All capitalized terms used herein, and not otherwise defined, have
the meaning set forth in the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Novvi LLC, dated as of June ___, 2016, as amended
from time to time (the   Agreemen t ). 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges that [in exchange for a capital
contribution with a value of US$___________,] the undersigned [has received/is the Transferee of] [__] Membership Units in Novvi LLC
(the   Company  ). 

The undersigned further acknowledges that it has been given a copy
of, and has reviewed carefully, the Agreement. The undersigned agrees to be bound by all terms and provisions of the Agreement
[and to assume all obligations of the transferor of such Membership Units]. The undersigned hereby accepts, ratifies and agrees
to be bound by all actions duly taken pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Agreement by the Company prior to the date hereof. 

Dated 
     , 
       
     . 

[Name of Member]  

Exhibit
B 

Fair Market Value Methodology 

Fair Market Value  , for
purposes of the Agreement, shall be calculated in accordance with the rules set forth below. 

The Fair Market Value of the Company and its
corresponding Membership Units shall be calculated according to the following procedure: 

(i)  the Fair Market Value shall be determined by two (2) internationally recognized and reputable investment
banks, with experience in the appraisal of assets in the lubricants (or similar market), being chosen by unanimous agreement of
Amyris, Cosan US, and ARG (  Appraisers  ) within ten (10) Business Days as from the date the determination of
a Fair Market Value is triggered. The Appraisers shall be engaged by the Company, but the costs arising in connection with the
determination of the Fair Market Value shall be equally shared by the Members. The Company shall provide both Appraisers with the
same information that may be required by any Appraiser;   

(ii)  with respect to the Membership Units, the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Appraisers
based on the following criteria: (a) such Membership Units shall be appraised as if the total number of Membership Units were
available for purchase and were purchased by Third Parties on an arms  length basis, without any discount; (b) the then-current
status and the expected future results of the Company; and (c) the discounted projected future cash flows of the Company, based
on the Company s applicable business plan and budget, or, if the Company has not started to conduct the business, the Fair
Market Value shall be determined considering the capital employed by the Members;   

(iii)  if any Appraiser presents a value range/band instead of a single value, the Fair Market Value provided
by such Appraiser shall be the mean of such value range/band,  provided  that the Appraisers shall be aware that in no event
such band, for the purposes of the assessment of the Fair Market Value, shall exceed twenty percent (20%) of either the minimum
or the maximum value amongst the value range/bands presented;   

(iv)  the Appraisers shall determine the Fair Market Value within thirty (30) days as from the date on
which they were engaged for such purpose, and the result of their work shall be submitted simultaneously to the Company and all
Members in writing;   

(v)  the binding Fair Market Value shall be the mean of both appraisals   

(vi)  absent of a manifest error, the Fair Market Value assessed according to the terms hereof shall
be final, binding and shall not be subject to any opposition from any Member, and shall remain valid for the purposes hereof for
a period of one hundred and twenty (120) days from the date it was finally assessed.   

B-1 

</EX-10.02>

<EX-10.03>
 5
 exh_1003.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.03

Exhibit 10.03  

CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT REQUESTED. CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT HAVE BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT AND,
WHERE APPLICABLE, HAVE BEEN MARKED WITH AN ASTERISK TO DENOTE WHERE OMISSIONS HAVE BEEN MADE. THE CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL HAS BEEN
FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

CONFIDENTIAL 

Amended   Restated IP License Agreement

This Amended   Restated IP License
Agreement (the   License Agreement  ) is made   and entered into effective as of July 19, 2016 (the   Effective
Date  )   by and between Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having its place of business at 5885 Hollis Street,
Suite 100, Emeryville, California 94608 (  Amyris  ) and Novvi LLC, a Delaware limited liability corporation,
having its place of business at 5885 Hollis Street, Suite 100, Emeryville, California 94608 (  Novvi LLC  ). Amyris
and Novvi LLC are sometimes referred to herein individually as a   Party   and collectively as the   Parties .  

WHEREAS , Amyris
and Cosan US, Inc. formed Novvi LLC on September 6, 2011, with each owning fifty percent (50%) of the membership units of
Novvi LLC ,  to operate a joint venture involving the development, production, marketing and sale of Base Oils (as defined
below), Additives (as defined below), and Lubricants (as defined below) for use in the Lubricants Markets (as defined below); 

WHEREAS , on
March 26, 2013, Amyris and Cosan US executed an Amended and Restated Operating Agreement for Novvi LLC (  Amended and Restated
Operating Agreement  ) to memorialize their respective initial capital contributions to Novvi LLC and to establish how
they will operate Novvi LLC; 

WHEREAS , in
order to fulfill its initial capital contribution to Novvi LLC under the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement and to enable
Novvi LLC to fulfill its intended purpose to develop, produce, market, and sell Base Oils, Additives, and Lubricants, Amyris and
Novvi LLC executed an IP License Agreement (the   Original License Agreement  ) under which Amyris agreed to license
Novvi LLC rights under certain of its intellectual property; 

WHEREAS , the
Parties amended certain portions of the Original License Agreement on March 21, 2016 through an amendment #1 to the Original License
Agreement; 

WHEREAS , on
July 19, 2016, due to the addition of American Refining Group, Inc. as a new member of Novvi LLC, Amyris and Cosan US amended and
restated the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (as such document may be further amended from time-to-time, the   Second
Amended and Restated Operating Agreement  ); 

WHEREAS , in
conjunction with the execution of the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, the Parties desire to further amend and
restate the Original License Agreement through their execution of this License Agreement; and 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants contained in this License Agreement, the Parties hereby agree
as follows: 

ARTICLE 1  

DEFINITIONS  

Terms defined in this Article 1 and parenthetically
elsewhere, including the introductory paragraph and the recitals, will have the same meaning throughout this License Agreement
unless otherwise specified. 

Additive   means any
material added to a Base Oil to change its properties, characteristics, or performance ( e.g. , anti-foam, anti-wear, corrosion
inhibitor, detergent, dispersant, pour point depressant, anti-oxidant, viscosity index improver, or friction modifier).

Page   1   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

Affiliate   means, with
regard to a particular entity (a   First Person  ), any person or entity who, directly or indirectly, through
one or more intermediates, Controls the First Person, is Controlled by the First Person, or is under common Control with the First
Person. Notwithstanding the preceding definition, for purposes of this License Agreement, Novvi LLC is not considered an Affiliate
of Amyris or Cosan US (or their respective Affiliates) nor are Amyris and Cosan US (or their respective Affiliates) considered
Affiliates of Novvi LLC. 

Alternative Technology  
means a technology (other than a BioFene-related technology) from a renewable source or a molecule (other than a BioFene-derived
molecule) from a renewable source from which Base Oils or Additives, in each case, for the Lubricants Market could reasonably be
expected to be developed or made. 

Amyris Base Technology  
means the Patents and Know-How that (i) are Controlled by Amyris as of the Effective Date or become Controlled by Amyris during
the term of Novvi LLC s licenses under Section 2.1 and (ii) are necessary or reasonably useful for the development, making
(and having made), offering for sale, sale, and importing of Base Oils, Additives, and Lubricants derived from BioFene. For the
avoidance of doubt, the term  Amyris Base Technology  expressly excludes any Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology. 

Amyris BioFene Manufacturing
Technology   means the Patents and Know-How that (i) are Controlled by Amyris and (ii) are necessary or reasonably useful
for the development, making (and having made), offering for sale, sale, and importing of BioFene itself, including, but not limited
to, the escrowed BioFene Production Strain and any Patents and Know-How related to the genetic engineering of such BioFene Production
Strain, the fermentation methods for making BioFene, the methods of recovery of BioFene from fermentation broth, the processes
of isolating BioFene directly from fermentation broth, and the methods of purifying BioFene. The term  Amyris BioFene Manufacturing
Technology  also includes any and all Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements and Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements,
but expressly excludes any Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology 

Amyris Breach Invention  
means any and all inventions, discoveries, data, and information, whether or not copyrightable or patentable, conceived, reduced
to practice, made, observed or developed (together with all intellectual property rights related thereto) by or on behalf of Amyris
or its Affiliates or sublicensees, solely or jointly with others, in violation of the license granted to it in Section 2.2. 

Amyris Invention   means
any and all inventions, discoveries, data, and information, whether or not copyrightable or patentable, conceived, reduced to practice,
made, observed or developed (together with all intellectual property rights related thereto) by or on behalf of Amyris, solely
or jointly with others. The term  Amyris Invention  includes any improvement by or on behalf of Amyris, solely or jointly
with others, during the term of Amyris s license under Section 2.2 to Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology, but excludes
Amyris Breach Inventions. 

Amyris Pre-Signature Base Technology  
means Amyris Base Technology used by Amyris or an Amyris Affiliate to produce Base Oils or Lubricants offered for sale, sold, or
sampled to Third Parties before the Effective Date. 

Applicable Law   means
any law, rule, treaty, or regulation of any governmental authority or any judgment, order, write, decree, permit or license of
any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction, in each case applicable to the Party or activity at issue. 

Page   2   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

Base Oil   means a fluid
base compound to which other oils, Additives, or components are added to produce a Lubricant. 

BioFene   means farnesene
produced through Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology. 

By-Products   means
those by-products directly resulting from (1) Novvi LLC s manufacture, under its license in Section 2.1(a)(i), of Base Oils,
Additives, or Lubricants derived from BioFene solely for the Lubricants Market or (2) the manufacture of Base Oils, Additives,
or Lubricants derived from BioFene solely for the Lubricants Market by a permitted sublicensee of Novvi LLC per a sublicense under
Sections 2.1(b) or (c). For clarity, Diesel By-Products are a subset of By-Products. 

Copyrights   means all
copyrights, whether in published or unpublished works; databases, data collections and rights therein, mask work rights, software,
web site content; rights to compilations, collective works and derivative works of any of the foregoing and moral rights in any
of the foregoing; registrations and applications for registration for any of the foregoing and any renewals or extensions thereof;
and moral rights and economic rights of others in any of the foregoing. 

Control   (including
any variations such as  Controls,  Controlled  or  Controlling ) means: 

(i)  in the context of Patents and Know-How, rights under and to such Patents and Know-How held by a
Party, whether by ownership or license, sufficient to grant the applicable license or rights under this License Agreement without
violating the terms of any arrangement with any Third Party; and   

(ii)  in the definition of Affiliate, (1) possessing, directly or indirectly, the power to direct the
management or policies, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract relating to voting rights or corporate
governance, or otherwise, or (2) ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting securities or
other ownership interest.   

Escrow Agreement  means the
Strain Escrow Agreement, dated July 19, 2016, by and between Amyris, Novvi LLC, and SciSafe Inc., as may be amended from time-to-time. 

European Union   means
those countries that were members of the European Union as March 21, 2016, which countries are listed on Exhibit A to this Agreement.  

Exclusivity Exceptions  
means the rights retained by Amyris under Amyris Base Technology for (i) itself and its Affiliates working independently or together,
(ii) Total working independently, and (iii) Total and Amyris (and/or Amyris Affiliates) working together, to develop, make (and
have made), offer for sale, sell, and import Base Oils derived from BioFene for use in the Lubricants Market but only to the extent
such Base Oils are used as a component in such entities  own Lubricants in such market. For clarity, Total, Amyris and/or
Amyris Affiliates have no retained rights under Amyris Base Technology to develop, make (have made), offer for sale, sell, or import
any Base Oil derived from BioFene for use in the Lubricants Market as a product separate and apart from a finished Lubricant. 

Exploit   means to make,
have made, import, use, sell, have sold, distribute, dispose of or offer to dispose of, market, promote or offer for sale including
to research and develop. 

Page   3   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

Insolvency
Event   means: 

(i)  an involuntary petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or under the reorganization provisions
of any such law is filed with respect to a Party or a receiver of, or for, the property of a Party is appointed without acquiescence
or consent of such Party, which petition or appointment remains undischarged or unstayed for an aggregate period of ninety (90)
days (whether or not consecutive); or   

(ii)  a Party consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law or under the reorganization provisions of any such law; or   

(iii)  a voluntary petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or under the reorganization provisions
of any such law is filed by a Party, a voluntary assignment of a Party s property for the benefit of creditors is made, or
a receiver of, or for, the property of a Party is appointed by, or acquiesced or consented to, by such Party.   

Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements  
means any and all inventions, discoveries, data, and information, whether or not copyrightable or patentable, conceived, reduced
to practice, made, observed or developed (together with all intellectual property rights related thereto) jointly by or on behalf
of Amyris and Novvi LLC (or their respective Affiliates, employees, sublicensees, contractors, or agents) that are based upon,
derived from, incorporating, in connection with or related to Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology, including in connection
with the conversion or operation of a sugar/ethanol mill to include the manufacture of BioFene or the operation of such mill or
facility in connection with Novvi LLC s manufacture of BioFene. 

Joint Invention   means
any and all inventions, discoveries, data, and information, whether or not copyrightable or patentable, conceived, reduced to practice,
made, observed or developed (together with all intellectual property rights related thereto) jointly by or on behalf of Amyris
and Novvi LLC (or their respective Affiliates, employees, sublicensees, contractors, or agents) during the term of this License
Agreement, other than Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements. 

Know-How   means any
non-patented information and tangible materials, including: (i) technical and non-technical data, specifications, formulae, compounds,
formulations, assays, designs, results, information, conclusions, interpretations, inventions, developments, discoveries, ideas,
improvements, and trade secrets, (ii) methods, databases, tests, procedures, processes, and techniques, (iii) escrowed Production
Strains (if applicable), and (iv) other know-how and technology including Copyrights. 

Lubricant   means all
substances introduced between two moving surfaces to reduce the friction between them, improving efficiency and reducing wear,
or dissolving or transporting foreign particles, or distributing heat, in each case comprising a formulation of at least one Base
Oil combined or blended with Additives, sold as a finished product for automotive and industrial applications, for use in, by way
of example only: automotive, 2-cycle, marine and other engines, ship lubrication, hydraulic equipment, food processing equipment
and machinery, and wind turbines. However, the term  Lubricants  expressly excludes drilling oils, fluids and muds,
in accordance with the standards set by American Petroleum Institute. 

Lubricants Market  
means the worldwide market for automotive, commercial, and industrial Lubricants. For the avoidance of doubt, the following markets,
but not limited to the following markets, are expressly excluded from the term  Lubricants Market : the markets for
flavors and fragrances, food additives, cosmetics and personal care, drilling oils, fluids and muds, fuels, cleaners, paints, coatings,
ink, 

Page   4   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

consumer-packaged goods, pesticides, and
pharmaceuticals. 

Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation
Technology   means the Patents and Know-How in each case that (i) are Controlled by Novvi LLC as of the Effective Date
or become Controlled by Novvi LLC during the term of Amyris s license under Section 2.2 (in each case other than Patents
and Know-How licensed from Amyris) and (ii) are related to the chemical transformation of BioFene or a BioFene-derivative into
another compound. For clarity, the term  Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology  does not include Novvi LLC Breach
Inventions. 

Novvi LLC BioFene
Manufacturing Improvement   means any and all inventions, discoveries, data, and information, whether or not copyrightable
or patentable, conceived, reduced to practice, made, observed or developed (together with all intellectual property rights related
thereto) by or on behalf of Novvi LLC or its Affiliates or sublicensees, solely or jointly with others that are based upon, derived
from, incorporating, in connection with or related to Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology. 

Novvi LLC Breach
Invention   means any and all inventions, discoveries, data, and information, whether or not copyrightable or patentable,
conceived, reduced to practice, made, observed or developed (together with all intellectual property rights related thereto) by
or on behalf of Novvi LLC or its Affiliates or sublicensees, solely or jointly with others, in violation of the licenses granted
to it in Sections 2.1 or 2.3. 

Novvi
LLC Invention   means any and all inventions, discoveries, data, and information, whether or not copyrightable or patentable,
conceived, reduced to practice, made, observed or developed (together with all intellectual property rights related thereto) by
or on behalf of Novvi LLC, solely or jointly with others. The term  Novvi LLC Invention   includes any improvement
by or on behalf of Novvi LLC, solely or jointly with others, during the term of Novvi LLC s licenses under Section 2.1 to
Amyris Base Technology, but excludes Novvi LLC Breach Inventions and any Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements or Joint
BioFene Manufacturing Improvements .  

Patents   means any
patents, patent applications, or certificates of invention, together with all additions, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part,
provisionals, converted provisionals, substitutions, reissues, re-examinations, revalidations, extensions, registrations, patent
term extensions, supplemental protection certificates, renewals, and the like with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Production Strain  
means a recombinant yeast or some other microbial agent that has been genetically engineered to make a desired compound or product
by means of a fermentation process. For clarity, the term Production Strain encompasses populations, subpopulations, and derivatives
of such genetically engineered yeast or other microbial agent. 

Third Party   means
any person, corporation, joint venture or other entity, other than Novvi LLC, Amyris, Cosan US, their respective Affiliates, or
their respective permitted successors and assigns. 

Total   means Total
Gas   Power USA, SAS, a  soci t  par acions simplifi e  organized under the laws of the Republic
of France, and its Affiliates. 

The following terms have the meanings set
forth in the Section set forth opposite such term. 

Term  
      Section   

Amended and Restated Operating Agreement
 
     Recitals  
 
     Amyris 
     Introductory paragraph  

Page   5   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

Amyris Designate  
      5.9(a)   
 
      Amyris Indemnitees  
      7.2   
 
      Amyris Third Party Claim  
      7.2   
 
      Arbitral Tribunal  
      8.2(c)   
 
      Arbitration Chamber  
      8.2(b)   
 
      Arbitration Rules  
      8.2(b)   
 
      Assumption Notice  
      7.3(b)   
 
      Code  
      2.6   
 
      Confidential Information  
      5.10(a)   
 
      Diesel By-Products  
      4.1   
 
      Disclosing Party  
      5.10(a)   
 
      Effective Date  
      Introductory paragraph   
 
      Escrow Agent  
      2.3(c)   
 
      Escrowed Materials  
      2.3(c)   
 
      Exercise Notice  
      3.3(a)   
 
      Indemnification Claim Notice  
      7.3(a)   
 
      Indemnified Party  
      7.3(a)   
 
      Indemnifying Party  
      7.3(a)   
 
      Jet Fuel By-Product  
      4.2(a)   
 
      License Agreement  
      Introductory paragraph   
 
      License Conversion Event  
      2.3(b)   
 
      Losses  
      7.1   
 
      Novvi LLC  
      Introductory paragraph   
 
      Novvi LLC Designate  
      5.9(b)   
 
      Novvi LLC Indemnitees  
      7.1   
 
      Novvi LLC Third Party Claim  
      7.1   
 
      Original License Agreement  
      Recitals   
 
      Parties  
      Introductory paragraph   
 
      Party  
      Introductory paragraph   
 
      Receiving Party  
      5.10(a)   
 
      Representative  
      5.10(a)   
 
      ROFO  
      3.1   
 
      ROFO Notice  
      3.2   
 
      Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement  
      Recitals    
 
      Selected Arbitration  
      8.2(h)   
 
      SOPs  
      2.3(c)   
 
      Third Party Claim  
      7.3(a)   

ARTICLE 2  

LICENSE GRANTS  

2.1  Licenses
to Novvi LLC under Amyris Base Technology . 

(a)  Licenses
to Make Base Oils, Additives, and Lubricants from BioFene . Subject to the terms and conditions in this License Agreement, Amyris
hereby grants Novvi LLC: 

(i)  an exclusive (except as to the rights retained in the scope of the Exclusivity Exceptions), worldwide,
royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Subsections (b) and (c) below), and non-assignable license under Amyris
Base Technology to Exploit Base Oils, Additives (other than viscosity index improvers), and Lubricants derived from BioFene   

Page   6   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

solely for the Lubricants Market
and, as described below in this Section 2.1(a), for such customers outside the Lubricants Market for whom Amyris grants a waiver;
and 

(ii)  subject to the limitations in Article 4 restricting the sale of By-Products for use in or
as (i) diesel fuel in the European Union and (ii) jet fuel worldwide, a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable,
and non-assignable license under Amyris Base Technology to offer for sale, sell, and import any By-Products   

(iii)  a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable (except as set forth in Subsections
(b) and (c) below), and non-assignable license under Amyris Base Technology to Exploit Additives that are viscosity index improvers
derived from BioFene solely for the Lubricants Market.   

Consistent with the scope of
its licenses in (a)(i) and (iii), Novvi LLC and its Affiliates shall not sell any Base Oil, Additive, or Lubricant derived from
BioFene to any Third Party that Novvi LLC or its Affiliates knows has previously resold or used, or intends to resell or use, such
product outside of the Lubricants Market, and Amyris acknowledges that Novvi LLC and its Affiliates will not be responsible for
any resale or use of a Novvi LLC or Novvi LLC Affiliate s Base Oil, Additive, or Lubricant derived from BioFene outside of
the Lubricants Market by any Third Party whom Novvi LLC or its Affiliates did not know had previously resold or used, or intended
to resell or use, such product outside of the Lubricants Market. 

If Novvi LLC or its Affiliate
identify an opportunity to sell Base Oil derived from BioFene outside of the Lubricants Market to a potential customer that is
currently using a Base Oil composed of any combinations of Base Oil Groups I-IV as defined by the American Petroleum Institute,
Novvi LLC will provide written notice to Amyris of the opportunity and state the rationale for seeking a waiver to the scope of
the license in Section 2.1(a)(i) regarding such opportunity.  Amyris will promptly consider such waiver request in good faith
and not unreasonably withhold its approval of such request. However, if Amyris has licensed such opportunity to a Third Party or
has an ongoing business relationship with such prospective customer as of the date of such notice, then declining to grant such
waiver will never be considered unreasonable. If Amyris approves a waiver, it must be in writing to be effective, and then the
sale of Base Oil derived from BioFene by Novvi LLC to such potential customer for such approved use, and future sales to such potential
customer for such approved use, will not be a breach of its license hereunder, subject to compliance with the preceding paragraph
regarding knowledge of such customer s previous or intended use or resale of the products outside such approved use or the
Lubricants Market. 

(b)  Sublicense
Rights to Affiliates . Novvi LLC may sublicense its rights under the licenses granted in Subsections (a)(i) and (iii) to an
Affiliate of Novvi LLC; provided, that,: 

(i)  Novvi LLC shall grant such sublicense to an Affiliate only while such entity is and remains an
Affiliate;   

(ii)  such sublicense automatically and immediately terminates upon such entity no longer being an Affiliate
of Novvi LLC;   

(iii)  each such sublicense to an Affiliate shall be in writing and contain terms that are consistent
in all material respects with this License Agreement including confidentiality terms regarding non-disclosure and non-use of Amyris
Confidential Information and provisions governing intellectual property rights and obligations;   

Page   7   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

(iv)  Novvi LLC shall only grant such a sublicense subject to terms that prohibit the Affiliate from
using the sublicensed Amyris Base Technology for any purpose other than to Exploit a Base Oil, Additive, or Lubricant derived from
BioFene solely for the Lubricants Market;   

(v)  Novvi LLC shall reasonably monitor such sublicensed Affiliate to ensure it is not violating the
prohibition in clause (iv), its confidentiality obligations, or its intellectual property obligations in a manner consistent with
the procedures Novvi LLC uses to monitor its own licensees and sublicensees to ensure proper use of Novvi LLC s intellectual
property, but no less than commercially reasonable efforts;   

(vi)  Novvi LLC shall retain the right to terminate any such sublicense in the event the applicable sublicensed
Affiliate violates the prohibition in clause (iv), its confidentiality obligations, or its intellectual property obligations; and   

(vii)  Novvi LLC shall immediately terminate any such sublicense in the event the applicable sublicensed
Affiliate violates the prohibition in clause (iv), its confidentiality obligations, or its intellectual property obligations and
fails to cure such breach within a reasonable period, which, in no event, shall exceed thirty (30) days after written notice.   

(c)  Limited Sublicense
to Third Party Manufacturing and R D Subcontractors . Novvi LLC may not sublicense any of its rights under the licenses
granted in Subsections (a)(i) or (iii) to Third Parties, except to a Third Party that is (x) manufacturing for Novvi LLC or an
Affiliate of Novvi LLC, in a subcontractor role, a Base Oil, Additive, and/or Lubricant derived from BioFene for the Lubricants
Market or (y) performing research and development for Novvi LLC or an Affiliate of Novvi LLC, in a subcontractor role, on a Base
Oil, Additive, and/or Lubricant derived from BioFene for the Lubricants Market; provided, that,: 

(i)  Novvi LLC shall grant such Third Party manufacturing subcontractor a sublicense only to make, solely
for Novvi LLC or its Affiliates, either a Base Oil, Additive, and/or Lubricant, as the case may be, derived from BioFene solely
for the Lubricants Market; shall grant such Third Party R D subcontractor a sublicense only to perform research and development,
solely for Novvi LLC or its Affiliates, of Base Oils, Additives, and/or Lubricants, as the case may be, derived from BioFene solely
for the Lubricants Market; and, in each case, shall prohibit such sublicensed Third Party subcontractors from using the sublicensed
Amyris Base Technology for any other purpose;   

(ii)  each such sublicense agreement shall be in writing and contain terms that are consistent in all
material respects with this License Agreement including confidentiality terms regarding non-disclosure and non-use of Amyris Confidential
Information and provisions governing intellectual property rights and obligations;   

(iii)  Novvi LLC shall reasonably monitor such sublicensed Third Party subcontractors to ensure they are
not violating the prohibitions in clause (i), their confidentiality obligations, or their intellectual property obligations in
a manner consistent with the procedures Novvi LLC uses to monitor its own licensees and sublicensees to ensure proper use of Novvi
LLC s intellectual property, but no less than commercially reasonable efforts;   

(iv)  Novvi LLC shall retain the right to terminate any such sublicense in the event the applicable sublicensed
Third Party subcontractor violates the prohibitions in clause (i),   

Page   8   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

its confidentiality
obligations, or its intellectual property obligations; and 

(v)  Novvi LLC shall immediately terminate any such sublicense in the event the applicable sublicensed
Third Party subcontractor violates the prohibitions in clause (i), its confidentiality obligations, or its intellectual property
obligations and fails to cure such breach within a reasonable period, which, in no event, shall exceed thirty (30) days after written
notice.   

(d)  No Right
to Manufacture BioFene . For clarity, under the licenses granted in Subsection (a) above, Novvi LLC has no right to make or
have made BioFene under any Amyris intellectual property. The rights of Novvi LLC to make or have made BioFene are set forth in
Section 2.3. 

2.2  License to
Amyris under Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology . 

(a)  License .
Subject to the terms and conditions in this License Agreement, Novvi LLC hereby grants Amyris an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free,
fully paid-up, sublicensable, and non-assignable license under Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology for any use other than
to Exploit Base Oils, Additives, or Lubricants derived from BioFene for the Lubricants Market. 

(b)  Sublicense
Rights . Amyris may sublicense any of its rights under the license granted in Subsection (a) through multiple tiers of sublicensees;
provided, that,: 

(i)  Amyris shall only grant such sublicenses subject to terms that prohibit all such sublicensees,
including direct sublicensees, any sublicensees of such sublicensees, or any other sublicensee pursuant to one of the multiple
tiers of such sublicenses, from using the sublicensed Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology to Exploit any Base Oil, Additive,
or Lubricant derived from BioFene for the Lubricants Market;   

(ii)  each such sublicense agreement shall be in writing and contain terms that are consistent in all
material respects with this License Agreement including confidentiality terms regarding non-disclosure and non-use of Novvi LLC s
Confidential Information and provisions governing intellectual property rights and obligations;   

(iii)  Amyris shall reasonably monitor such sublicensees to ensure they are not violating the prohibition
in clause (i), their confidentiality obligations, or their intellectual property obligations in a manner consistent with the procedures
Amyris uses to monitor its own licensees and sub-licensees to ensure proper use of Amyris s intellectual property, but no
less than commercially reasonable efforts;   

(iv)  Amyris shall retain the right to terminate any such sublicense in the event the applicable sublicensee
violates the prohibition in clause (i), its confidentiality obligations, or its intellectual property obligations; and   

(v)  Amyris shall immediately terminate any such sublicense in the event the applicable sublicensee
violates the prohibition in clause (i), its confidentiality obligations, or its intellectual property obligations and fails to
cure such breach within a reasonable period, which, in no event, shall exceed thirty (30) days after written notice.   

2.3  License
to Novvi LLC to Manufacture BioFene under Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology  . 

Page   9   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

(a)  Non-Exclusive
License to Manufacture BioFene.  Amyris grants, subject to the conditions described below, Novvi LLC a non-exclusive, non-assignable,
royalty-free, and non-sublicensable (except as necessary to exercise its  have made  rights using Third Party subcontractor
manufacturers or Affiliates) license under Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology to make and have made BioFene solely to produce
Novvi LLC s (and, if applicable, Novvi LLC s Affiliates ) Base Oils, Additives, and Lubricants derived from BioFene
for the Lubricants Market. 

(b)  Conversion
to a Royalty-Bearing License . Should Amyris no longer own any membership units or other equity interest in Novvi LLC (the   License
Conversion Event  ), the royalty-free license granted to Novvi LLC under subsection (a) above automatically becomes royalty-bearing,
and within thirty (30) days after the License Conversion Event, the Parties will agree in writing upon a commercially-reasonable
royalty rate and terms for such license. In the event the Parties do not agree within such time period, the Parties will promptly
engage in an accelerated  baseball arbitration  process to determine a commercially-reasonable royalty rate and terms
for the license. 

(c)  Escrowed
Materials . By September 1, 2016, Amyris shall deposit with SciSafe Inc. (the  Escrow Agent ), pursuant to the Escrow
Agreement, (1) the Production Strain presently used by Amyris to commercially produce BioFene and (2) the process, including the
applicable standard operating procedures ( SOPs ), presently used by Amyris to commercially produce BioFene with such
escrowed Production Strain (collectively (1) and (2), as annually updated per the next paragraph, the   Escrowed Materials  ).  

Amyris
shall, on or about every June 30, update the Escrowed Materials by replacing the escrowed Production Strain with the Production
Strain then being used by Amyris to commercially produce BioFene and replacing the escrowed BioFene production process information
with the process, including the applicable SOPs, then used by Amyris to commercially produce BioFene with the newly escrowed Production
Strain. Amyris s obligations to update the Escrowed Materials shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the date the Escrowed
Materials are released to Novvi LLC per the procedures in the Escrow Agreement and (ii) thirty (30) days after the date on which
Amyris concludes its BioFene strain development program.  

(d)  Release
of Escrowed Materials to Novvi LLC . Upon release of the Escrowed Materials to Novvi LLC per the procedures in the Escrow Agreement,
Novvi LLC may use the Escrowed Materials only to exercise its license under Subsection (a) above and only at a manufacturing location
(whether such location is owned by Novvi LLC, a Novvi LLC Affiliate, or a Third Party) approved in advance by Amyris in writing,
which approval will not be unreasonably withheld. Immediately upon expiration or earlier termination of its license in Subsection
(a), Novvi LLC will cease its and any Affiliate s or Third Party s use of, and will properly destroy, all of the Production
Strain, the other Escrowed Materials, and any other intellectual property of Amyris in Novvi LLC s, a Novvi LLC s Affiliate s
or a Third Party s possession and certify such destruction in writing to Amyris.   
Novvi LLC may not, and shall not allow any other person or entity to, reverse engineer, engineer, or otherwise genetically modify
the Production Strain or to genetically modify engineer any other strain from the Production Strain and, except as expressly permitted
in this Section 2.3, may not to distribute, disclose or transfer the Production Strain, the other Escrowed Materials, or any other
intellectual property of Amyris to any other person or entity. Despite a release to Novvi LLC, the Escrowed Materials remain the
exclusive property and Confidential Information of Amyris, and such release does not grant any ownership rights or, except as specifically
set forth herein, any other rights of use, express or implied, in the Escrowed Materials to Novvi LLC or any other person or entity.

(e)  Manufacturing
through an Affiliate or Third Party . To the extent Novvi LLC, in the exercise of its  have made  rights under Subsection
(a), desires to engage an Affiliate or Third Party to  

Page   10   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

produce
BioFene for it, such Affiliate or Third Party must execute a binding written contract with Novvi LLC, subject to Amyris s
prior written approval, containing at least the following provisions before Novvi LLC provides any of the released Escrowed Materials
(including the applicable Production Strain) to such Affiliate or Third Party:  

(i)  a covenant by the Affiliate or Third Party to not use the Escrowed Materials except to make BioFene
solely for Novvi LLC per Novvi LLC s license under Section 2.3(a);   

(ii)  a covenant by the Affiliate or Third Party to not reverse engineer the Production Strain, to not
to engineer or genetically modify the Production Strain, and to not distribute, disclose or transfer the Production Strain, the
other Escrowed Materials, or any related intellectual property of Amyris to any other person or entity;   

(iii)  a covenant by the Affiliate or Third Party to hold in strict confidence, and to take all reasonable
precautions to protect, the Escrowed Materials (including the Production Strain) and any other Confidential Information of Amyris
that it obtains and to not divulge any of such information or any information derived therefrom to any person, except an employee
who has a need to know for the Affiliate or Third Party to produce BioFene for Novvi LLC;   

(iv)  a covenant by the Affiliate or Third Party that its manufacture and supply of BioFene on behalf
of Novvi LLC will, at all times, be conducted in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations;   

(v)  automatic termination of the Affiliate s or Third Party s contract with Novvi LLC and
of its use and possession of the Production Strain, the other Escrowed Materials, or any other intellectual property of Amyris
upon the Affiliate s or Third Party s breach of such contract;   

(vi)  a covenant by the Affiliate or Third Party that, immediately following termination of the Affiliate s
or Third Party s contract with Novvi LLC, it will properly destroy all of the Production Strain, the other Escrowed Materials,
or any other intellectual property of Amyris in the Affiliate s or Third Party s possession and certify such destruction
in writing to Amyris;   

(vii)  Amyris has the right, at least once per calendar quarter, upon reasonable prior notice and during
normal business hours, to inspect such Affiliate s or Third Party s facilities at which BioFene is being manufactured;   

(viii)  Amyris has the right, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to have a
representative present from time-to-time during the Affiliate s or Third Party s manufacture of BioFene;   

(ix)  Amyris is expressly named in the contract as a third party beneficiary with the right to enforce
such contract against the Affiliate or Third Party;   

(x)  Amyris, as third party beneficiary, is entitled to injunctive or other equitable remedies, in addition
to all other available remedies, against the Affiliate s or Third Party s breach or threatened breach of contract with
regard to the Production Strain, the other Escrowed Materials, or any other intellectual property of Amyris without the necessity
of showing irreparable harm, balancing of harms, consideration of the public interest or   

Page   11   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

inadequacy of monetary damages
as a remedy and without posting any bond or other security as a condition for obtaining any such relief and the Affiliate or Third
Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any such requirements; 

(xi)  agreement by the Affiliate or Third Party to fully defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Amyris
for the Affiliate s or Third Party s actions, inactions or breaches under such contract; and   

(xii)  agreement by the Affiliate or Third Party that to obtain and maintain insurance coverage with a
reputable carrier at coverage amounts commercially reasonable for its activities and commitments under such contract.   

Amyris and Novvi LLC agree that Amyris
has the primary right, but not obligation, to pursue actions against the Affiliate or Third Party to protect the Production Strain,
other Escrowed Materials, and other intellectual property of Amyris. 

(f)  Tech
Transfer . Upon release of the Escrowed Materials to Novvi LLC per the procedures in the Escrow Agreement, Amyris agrees to
provide a one-time, site-specific, and reasonable amount (but no more than one hundred (100) hours) of technical assistance to
Novvi LLC to enable Novvi LLC to implement the Escrowed Materials consistent with the license in subsection (a). However, due to
the potential variances in manufacturing facilities, equipment, capabilities, personnel, experience, locations, infrastructure,
and/or operations, there is no guarantee of successful implementation or performance of the Escrowed Materials at any facility,
even after the one-time technical assistance.  

(g)  Disputes .
Any dispute between the Parties regarding the deposit or release of the Escrowed Materials shall be resolved as provided in Section 8.2.  

2.4  No Implied
or Additional Rights or Licenses . Except as specified in this License Agreement, Amyris grants no rights to Novvi LLC to use
any of Amyris s Confidential Information or intellectual property. Except as specified in this License Agreement, Novvi LLC
grants no rights or licenses to Amyris to use any of Novvi LLC s Confidential Information or intellectual property. 

2.5  Novvi LLC
Efforts in Brazil . Novvi LLC agrees it will exert commercially reasonable     efforts to
use the licensed technology in order to try to maintain the validity of the Patents in the Amyris Base Technology and, if licensed
to Novvi LLC, in the Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology and any Alternative Technology, in each case in the territory of Brazil. 

2.6  Effect of
Bankruptcy on the Licenses . All rights and licenses granted under this Article 2 by Amyris or Novvi LLC are, and shall otherwise
be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (the   Code  ), licenses of rights
to  intellectual property  as defined under Section 101 of the Code. The Parties agree that, in the event of a Party s
Insolvency Event, the other Party in its capacity as a licensee under this Article 2 will, to the extent that its license is still
in effect at the time of such Insolvency Event, retain and may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the Code (or
any same or similar provision in any jurisdiction other than the United States) with regard to such license and rights, subject
to payments due the licensor Party (if any) as a result of the exercise of such rights and subject to the terms and conditions
of such license and rights set forth in this License Agreement. 

The Parties further agree
that, in any Insolvency Event involving a Party, that the other Party will be entitled to a complete duplicate of (or complete
access to, as appropriate) any such intellectual property 

Page   12   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

licensed to such licensee
Party under its continuing license and all tangible embodiments of such intellectual property, and same, if not already in its
possession, will be promptly delivered to the licensee Party (i) upon any such commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding upon such
licensee Party s written request or (ii) if not promptly delivered under (i) above, following any rejection of this License
Agreement by or on behalf of such Party ( e.g . by a bankruptcy trustee), upon written request for such transfer by the licensee
Party. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this clause may be construed as forcing a Party to act in breach of any mandatory
bankruptcy laws and regulations applicable in its jurisdiction. 

ARTICLE 3  

RIGHT OF FIRST OFFER REGARDING ALTERNATIVE
TECHNOLOGY  

3.1  Right of
First Offer to Amyris s Alternative Technology . Notwithstanding the exclusivity provisions in Section 13.01 of the Second
Amended and Restated Operating Agreement ,  if while Novvi LLC s licenses under Section 2.1 are in effect, Amyris (i)
develops, acquires, or in-licenses an Alternative Technology and (ii) wishes to exclusively license or sell to a Third Party the
use or ownership of such Alternative Technology for purposes of developing, making (having made), offering for sale, selling, or
importing Base Oils, Additives, or Lubricants for the Lubricants Market, then, prior to engaging in a discussion with any Third
Party or soliciting an offer from any Third Party in this respect, Amyris shall first offer Novvi LLC the right to exclusively
license or acquire (subject to the Exclusivity Exceptions) use or ownership of such Alternative Technology for the development,
making (having made), offering for sale, sale, and importation of Base Oils, Additives, and Lubricants solely in the Lubricants
Market (  ROFO  ); provided such ROFO does not violate the terms of any arrangement with any Third Party from
whom Amyris acquired or licensed such Alternative Technology, if applicable. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing
ROFO obligation shall not apply to an Alternative Technology developed by Amyris in connection with activities that fall within
an Exclusivity Exception. 

3.2  ROFO Notice .
Amyris shall promptly notify Novvi LLC in writing when it has an Alternative Technology that is subject to the ROFO (a   ROFO
Notice  ). The ROFO Notice shall include a reasonable description of the applicable Alternative Technology and the fundamental
license and/or sale terms and conditions proposed by Amyris. 

3.3   Exercise of the ROFO . 

(a)  Due Diligence
Period . Novvi LLC shall have sixty (60) days from receipt of a ROFO Notice to (i) conduct an assessment of the applicable Alternative
Technology (and, for such purpose, Amyris hereby undertakes to provide to Novvi LLC all information it believes in good faith is
necessary for Novvi LLC s full and complete assessment) and (ii) deliver to Amyris a written notice expressing its intention
to exercise its ROFO (an   Exercise Notice  ). 

(b)  Negotiation
Period . In the event it delivers an Exercise Notice per Subsection (a) above, Novvi LLC shall be obligated, within sixty (60)
days from Amyris s receipt of the Exercise Notice, to enter into a definitive agreement with Amyris (separate from this License
Agreement) regarding either an exclusive license to, or acquisition of, (subject to the Exclusivity Exceptions) the use or ownership
of such Alternative Technology for the development, making (having made), offering for sale, sale, and importation of Base Oils,
Additives, and Lubricants solely in the Lubricants Market and on terms and conditions consistent with those referred to in the
ROFO Notice. In addition, any license granted by 

Page   13   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

Amyris to Novvi LLC with regard to Alternative
Technology shall be terminable upon the expiration or earlier termination of Novvi LLC s licenses under Section 2.1. 

(c)  Negotiate
with Third Parties . If Novvi LLC does not deliver an Exercise Notice in compliance with Subsection (a) above or is not successful
in executing a definitive agreement with Amyris within the sixty (60) days in Subsection (b) above, then Amyris shall be free to
solicit and negotiate with any Third Party the exclusive license or sale of such Alternative Technology,  provided that  (i)
the economic terms offered by such Third Party shall be no less favorable to Amyris than those offered by Novvi LLC under the ROFO
Notice; (ii) the fundamental business terms, including the structure of the relevant transaction ( e.g.,  sale, license, formation
of a joint venture and contribution of the Alternative Technology), are substantially the same as those offered to Novvi LLC under
the ROFO Notice; and (iii) Amyris and the Third Party have entered into a definitive agreement within one hundred and twenty (120)
days after the end of the sixty (60) day period in Subsections (a) or (b) above, whichever is applicable. 

3.4  Repetition
of ROFO . If Amyris and the Third Party have not entered into a definitive agreement in compliance with Section 3.3(c) above,
then Amyris must again comply with the provisions of the ROFO before exclusively licensing or selling to a Third Party the use
or ownership of such Alternative Technology for purposes of Base Oils, Additives, or Lubricants in the Lubricants Market. 

3.5  Alternative
Technology Production Strain Restrictions . If an Alternative Technology to be exclusively licensed to Novvi LLC by Amyris under
this Article 3 includes rights for Novvi LLC to manufacture or have manufactured such Alternative Technology with a Production
Strain, the Parties hereby agree that such manufacturing license granted to Novvi LLC shall be conditioned on, among other things,
compliance with provisions equivalent to those for BioFene in Section 2.3 above. 

3.6  Termination
of Article 3 . Upon the expiration or earlier termination of Novvi LLC s licenses under Section 2.1, all rights and obligations
of the Parties under this Article 3 automatically terminate, and this Article 3 will be of no further effect. 

ARTICLE 4  

SALE OF BY-PRODUCTS   

4.1  No Sale of
By-Products as Diesel Fuel in the European Union . Novvi LLC agrees that it shall not, at any time, offer for sale or sell any
By-Products, including, but not limited to, any farnesane or diesel-related By-Products (  Diesel By-Products  ),
for use in or as diesel fuel in any of the European Union. 

4.2  No Sale of
Jet Fuel By-Products except to Amyris; Amyris s Obligation to Purchase . 

(a)                
 Novvi LLC agrees that it will not offer for sale or sell any Jet Fuel By-Products to any person or entity except to Amyris
as set forth in this Section 4.2, and Amyris agrees that it will purchase all such Jet Fuel By-Products. As used in this Section,
  Jet Fuel By-Product   means a By-Product (i) whose concentration of farnesane, partially hydrogenated farnesene
or farnesene, by volume, is at least [*] or greater; and (ii) that when blended with petroleum-derived jet fuel, meets the ASTM
D1655 and D7566 specifications (or successors thereto) for use as a jet fuel. 

(b)               
 The purchase price payable by Amyris to Novvi LLC for each liter of any Jet Fuel By-Product will be equal to the price per
liter that Amyris sells farnesene to Novvi LLC, in case such 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

Page   14   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

price is higher than US$ [*] per liter. If the per liter of
farnesene price Amyris charges to Novvi LLC is below US$ [*] per liter, Amyris will purchase such Jet Fuel By-Product at the NYMEX
ULSD diesel one-month forward price .  

(c)                
 In connection with the sale of any By-Products by Novvi LLC to a third party, Novvi LLC shall require any such purchaser
to agree in writing that (i) such By-Products may not be used in or as diesel fuel in the European Union or in or as jet fuels
anywhere, and (ii) if any such By-Products are incorporated into any diesel fuel outside the European Union, that such diesel fuels
may not be imported into any of the European Union. 

(d)               
 Other than as set forth in this Section, Amyris has no obligation or rights to purchase any By-Products from Novvi LLC. 

4.3  No Other Limits on Novvi LLC .
Other than as set forth in this Article 4, Novvi LLC may, pursuant to its license in Section 2.1(a)(ii), freely offer for
sale, sell, and import its By-Products. 

ARTICLE 5  

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  

5.1  Inventorship  .
 Inventorship of all inventions and discoveries conceived, reduced to practice, discovered or made pursuant to this License
Agreement, whether or not patentable, shall be determined in accordance with U.S. patent laws. Other than as set forth below, as
among the Parties, ownership of all inventions and discoveries conceived, reduced to practice, discovered or made or created during
the Term of this License Agreement shall be determined consistent with inventorship. 

5.2  Amyris s
Ownership . Amyris s intellectual property ownership rights are as follows: 

(a)                
  Amyris Base Technology, Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology, Amyris Inventions, and Amyris Alternative Technology .
As between the Parties, a ll rights, title, and interest in and to Amyris Base Technology, Amyris BioFene
Manufacturing Technology, Amyris Inventions, and Amyris s Alternative Technology are exclusively owned solely by Amyris.
 Novvi LLC  and its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors, agents, and employees  shall
have no right, license or permission to practice Amyris Base Technology, Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology, or Amyris Inventions,
or Amyris s Alternative Technology except to the extent the licenses described in Sections 2.1 and 2.3 or Article 3 are in
place between the Parties. 

(b)               
  Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements and Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements . All rights, title, and
interest in and to Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements and Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements are exclusively owned
solely by Amyris. Novvi LLC will promptly disclose Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements and Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing
Improvements, if any, in writing to Amyris and, without further consideration, hereby assigns to Amyris any and all rights, title
and interests of Novvi LLC (and, as applicable, its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors, agents, and employees) in and to all
Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements and Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements. 

Upon Amyris s reasonable request
and at Amyris s expense, Novvi LLC will promptly perform (or cause, as applicable, its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors,
agents, and employees to promptly perform) any and all acts necessary, including the execution and delivery of any and all affidavits,
declarations, oaths, exhibits, assignments, powers of attorney, or other documentation as may be reasonably required, to perfect
the delivery, assignment, and conveyance to Amyris, its successors, assigns, and nominees, of 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

Page   15   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

the entire right, title, and interest in
and to all Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements and Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements. 

For purposes of this License Agreement,
Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements and Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements will be considered Amyris BioFene Manufacturing
Technology, and Novvi LLC and its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors, agents, and employees shall have no right, license or
permission to practice Joint BioFene Manufacturing Improvements or Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements except to the extent
the license described in Section 2.3 is in place between the Parties. 

(c)                
  Novvi LLC Breach Inventions . All rights, title, and interest in and to Novvi LLC Breach Inventions are also exclusively
owned solely by Amyris. Novvi LLC will promptly disclose Novvi LLC Breach Inventions, if any, in writing to Amyris and, without
further consideration, hereby assigns to Amyris any and all rights, title and interests of Novvi LLC  (and,
as applicable, its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors, agents, and employees)  in and to Novvi LLC Breach Inventions. 

Upon Amyris s reasonable request
and at Amyris s expense, Novvi LLC will promptly perform (or cause, as applicable, its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors,
agents, and employees to promptly perform) any and all acts necessary, including the execution and delivery of any and all affidavits,
declarations, oaths, exhibits, assignments, powers of attorney, or other documentation as may be reasonably required, to perfect
the delivery, assignment, and conveyance to Amyris, its successors, assigns, and nominees, of the entire right, title, and interest
in and to all Novvi LLC Breach Inventions. 

For purposes of this License Agreement,
Novvi LLC Breach Inventions will be considered Amyris Inventions, and Novvi LLC and its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors,
agents, and employees shall have no right, license or permission to practice Novvi LLC Breach Inventions. 

5.3  Novvi LLC s
Ownership . Novvi LLC s intellectual property ownership rights are as follows: 

(a)  Novvi LLC
BioFene Transformation Technology and Novvi LLC Inventions . As between the Parties, all rights, title, and interest in and
to Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology and Novvi LLC Inventions are exclusively owned solely by Novvi LLC. Amyris and its
Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors, agents, and employees shall have no right, license or permission to practice Novvi LLC BioFene
Transformation Technology or Novvi LLC Inventions except to the extent the license described in Section 2.2 is in place between
the Parties. 

(b)  Amyris Breach
Inventions . All rights, title, and interest in and to Amyris Breach Inventions are also exclusively owned solely by Novvi LLC.
Amyris will promptly disclose Amyris Breach Inventions, if any, in writing to Novvi LLC and, without further consideration, hereby
assigns to Novvi LLC any and all rights, title and interests of  Amyris (and, as applicable, its Affiliates,
sublicensees, contractors, agents, and employees)  in and to  Amyris  Breach Inventions. 

Upon Novvi LLC s reasonable request
and at Novvi LLC s expense, Amyris will promptly perform (or cause, as applicable, its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors,
agents, and employees to promptly perform) any and all acts necessary, including the execution and delivery of any and all affidavits,
declarations, oaths, exhibits, assignments, powers of attorney, or other documentation as may be reasonably required, to perfect
the delivery, assignment, and conveyance to Amyris, its successors, assigns, and nominees, of the entire right, title, and interest
in and to all Amyris Breach Inventions. 

For purposes of this License Agreement,
 Amyris  Breach Inventions will be considered Novvi Inventions, 

Page   16   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

and  Amyris
and its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors, agents, and employees  shall have no right, license or permission to practice
 Amyris  Breach Inventions. 

5.4  Joint Inventions .
Joint Inventions will be jointly owned by Amyris and Novvi LLC, and the Parties will have co-exclusive rights to use and practice
Joint Inventions ( i.e.,  neither Party can individually grant another person or entity any exclusive rights) and without
accounting. 

5.5  Semi-Annual
Updates to Amyris regarding Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology . Every January 15 and July 15 while Amyris s
license under Section 2.2 is in effect, Novvi LLC will provide Amyris with a written update on Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation
Technology. Such semi-annual updates will include a list of any Patents in the Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology identified
by their respective title, inventors, serial numbers, filing date, and status. Novvi LLC also agrees to copy Amyris on any official
correspondence between Novvi LLC (or Novvi LLC s counsel) and any patent office regarding Patents in Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation
Technology. 

5.6  Semi-Annual
Updates to Novvi LLC regarding Amyris Base Technology . Every January 15 and July 15 while Novvi LLC s license under Section
2.1 is in effect, Amyris will provide Novvi LLC with a written update on Amyris Base Technology. Such semi-annual updates will
include a list of any Patents in the Amyris Base Technology identified by their respective title, inventors, serial numbers, filing
date, and status. Amyris also agrees to copy Novvi LLC on any official correspondence between Amyris (or Amyris  counsel)
and any patent office regarding Patents in Amyris Base Technology. 

5.7  Semi-Annual
Updates to Novvi LLC regarding Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology . Following the technical transfer from Amyris to Novvi
LLC described in Section 2.3, every January 15 and July 15 while Novvi LLC s license under Section 2.3 remains in effect,
Amyris will provide Novvi LLC with a written update on Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology. Such semi-annual updates will include
a list of any Patents in the Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology identified by their respective title, inventors, serial numbers,
filing date, and status. Amyris also agrees to copy Novvi LLC on any official correspondence between Amyris (or Amyris  counsel)
and any patent office regarding Patents in Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology. 

5.8  Patent Strategy
and Prosecution . 

(a)  Amyris s
Rights . As between the Parties, Amyris shall have the sole right and discretion to: (i) determine the process for protecting
any Amyris Inventions (as well as any Amyris Base Technology and any Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology) worldwide, including
whether or not to obtain Patent protection and in what countries and (ii) at its own expense, but without obligation, prepare,
file, prosecute, maintain, and defend throughout the world any and all Patents claiming or relating to the Amyris Inventions, Amyris
Base Technology and Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology or, at any time, abandon or discontinue such activities. 

Upon Amyris s reasonable request
and at Amyris s expense, Novvi LLC will promptly perform (or cause, as applicable, its Affiliates, sublicensees, contractors,
agents, and employees to promptly perform) any and all acts necessary, including the execution and delivery of any and all affidavits,
declarations, oaths, exhibits, assignments, powers of attorney, or other documentation as may be reasonably required, to allow
Amyris to apply for, register, obtain, maintain, defend, and enforce any Patent claiming or relating to any Joint BioFene Manufacturing
Improvements, Novvi LLC BioFene Manufacturing Improvements, or Novvi LLC Breach Inventions and/or its rights therein. 

(b)  Novvi LLC s
Rights . As between the Parties, Novvi LLC shall have the sole right and 

Page   17   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

discretion to (i) determine the process
for protecting any Novvi LLC Inventions (as well as any Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology) worldwide, including whether
or not to obtain Patent protection and in what countries and (ii) at its own expense, but without obligation, prepare, file, prosecute,
maintain, and defend throughout the world any and all Patents claiming or relating to the Novvi LLC Inventions and Novvi LLC BioFene
Transformation Technology or, at any time, abandon or discontinue such activities. 

Upon Novvi LLC s reasonable request
and at Novvi LLC s expense, Amyris will promptly perform (or cause , as applicable, its Affiliates,
sublicensees, contractors, agents, and employees  to promptly perform) any and all acts necessary, including the execution
and delivery of any and all affidavits, declarations, oaths, exhibits, assignments, powers of attorney, or other documentation
as may be reasonably required, to allow Novvi LLC to apply for, register, obtain, maintain, defend, and enforce any Patent claiming
or relating to any Amyris Breach Invention and/or its rights therein. 

(c)  Joint
Inventions Rights . For each Joint Invention ,  the Parties will mutually select which Party
shall have the sole right and discretion to (i) determine the process for protecting such Joint Invention worldwide, including
whether or not to obtain Patent protection and in what countries and (ii) at its own expense, but without obligation, prepare,
file, prosecute, maintain, and defend throughout the world any and all Patents claiming or relating to such Joint Invention or,
at any time, abandon or discontinue such activities.  

5.9  Infringement
by Third Parties . 

(a)  Amyris Base
Technology and Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology . In the event either Party becomes aware of any Third Party activity
that infringes or misappropriates (or is likely to infringe or misappropriate) Amyris Base Technology or Amyris BioFene Manufacturing
Technology, that Party will notify the other Party promptly in writing of the actual or threatened infringement or misappropriation.
Whether or not to take action against such infringement or misappropriation will be the sole right, and at the sole discretion,
of Amyris or its designated representative (  Amyris Designate  ). However, at Amyris s expense, Novvi LLC
will cooperate to the extent reasonably required by Amyris or the Amyris Designate to stop such infringement or misappropriation,
and, if so requested by Amyris, will join with Amyris or the Amyris Designate as a party to any action brought by Amyris or the
Amyris Designate for such purpose. Amyris or the Amyris Designate will have full control over any action taken, including, without
limitation, the right to select counsel, to settle on any terms it deems advisable in its discretion, to appeal any adverse decision
rendered in any court, to discontinue any action taken by it, and otherwise to make any decision in respect thereto as it in its
discretion deems advisable. 

(b)  Novvi LLC
BioFene Transformation Technology . In the event either Party becomes aware of any Third Party activity that infringes or misappropriates
(or is likely to infringe or misappropriate) Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology, that Party will notify the other Party
promptly in writing of the actual or threatened infringement or misappropriation. Whether or not to take action against such infringement
or misappropriation will be the sole right, and at the sole discretion, of Novvi LLC or its designated representative (  Novvi
LLC Designate  ). However, Amyris will cooperate to the extent reasonably required by Novvi LLC or the Novvi LLC Designate
to stop such infringement or misappropriation, and, if so requested by Novvi LLC, will join with Novvi LLC or the Novvi LLC Designate
as a party to any action brought by Novvi LLC or the Novvi LLC Designate for such purpose. Novvi LLC or the Novvi LLC Designate
will have full control over any action taken, including, without limitation, the right to select counsel, to settle on any terms
it deems advisable in its discretion, to appeal any adverse decision rendered in any court, to discontinue any action taken by
it, and otherwise to make any decision in respect thereto as it in its discretion deems advisable. 

Page   18   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

5.10  Confidentiality
Obligations . 

(a)  Confidential
Information . As used herein,   Confidential Information   means any and all
information provided by or on behalf of a Party (  Disclosing Party  ) to the other Party (  Receiving
Party  ) or to its Representatives between the Effective Date and the termination of this License Agreement, regardless
of the form or medium of communication, that relates to the Disclosing Party s intellectual property licensed or created
under this License Agreement or its activities under this License Agreement, in each case which information is either proprietary
to the Disclosing Party or is otherwise not available to the general public. The Parties agree to treat this License Agreement
as the Confidential Information of the other Party. As used herein,   Representative   means the officers, directors,
members, shareholders, employees, attorneys, accountants, advisors, consultants, auditors, agents, contractors, and sublicensees
of the applicable Party and of its Affiliates.   

(b)  Obligations .
Except with the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party or as specifically authorized in this License Agreement, each Receiving
Party shall, and shall cause its Representatives (to the extent such persons receive any Confidential Information) to,:  

(i)    maintain in confidence any and all Confidential Information;    

(ii)    take reasonable precautions to protect Confidential Information;    

(iii)    not disclose Confidential Information to any person or entity;
and     

(iv)    not make any use of such Confidential Information except for
the purposes specifically authorized herein.     

(c)  Permitted
Disclosures . A Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information, without the Disclosing Party s written consent,
to those of its Representatives who (i) need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of assisting such Receiving
Party fulfill its obligations or exercise its rights under this License Agreement and (ii) are bound by written obligations of
confidentiality and non-use substantially similar to those herein.    A Receiving Party or its Affiliates may also disclose
the terms of this License Agreement to actual or prospective investors, underwriters, or acquirers who need to know such Confidential
Information to evaluate the Receiving Party s (or its Affiliates ) business and who are bound by written obligations
of confidentiality and non-use substantially similar to those herein.  

(d)  Legally
Required Disclosures . In addition, a Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information (including the terms of this License
Agreement), without the Disclosing Party s written consent, to the extent such disclosure is required, on advice of counsel,
by Applicable Law (including pursuant to any listing agreement with, or the rules or regulations of, any national securities exchange
on which any securities of such Receiving Party or any Affiliate thereof are listed or traded);  provided , that the Receiving
Party making such disclosure, or whose Affiliates are making such disclosure, shall notify the other Party as promptly as practicable
(and if possible and legally allowed, prior to making such disclosure) and shall minimize such disclosure as much as possible and
reasonably seek confidential treatment of such Confidential Information to the extent available.   

(e)  Exceptions
to Confidential Information . The provisions of Subsection (b) above shall not apply to, and Confidential Information shall
not include, any information of a Disclosing Party that:  

(i)    is or has become generally available to the
public other than as a result of a disclosure by a Receiving Party or any of its Representatives in breach of this Section 5.10;    
 
      Page   19   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

(ii)    has been independently developed by a Receiving
Party (or any Affiliate thereof) without violating any of the provisions of this License Agreement or any other similar contract
to which such Receiving Party or any of its Representatives, is or are bound; or    

(iii)    was made available to a Receiving Party (or
any Affiliate thereof), on a non-confidential basis by a Third Party who is not prohibited from disclosing such information to
such person or entity by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation to the Disclosing Party or any of its Representatives.    

(f)   Public
Announcements.   Except as required by Applicable Law or by the requirements of any national
securities exchange on which the securities of a Party (or its Affiliates) are listed or traded, no Party shall make, or
cause to be made, any press release or public announcement in respect of this License Agreement or otherwise communicate with
any news media without the prior written consent of the other Party, and the Parties shall cooperate as to the timing and
contents of any such press release or public announcement.   

(g)  Duration
of Obligations . Except as otherwise provided for in this Section 5.10, Confidential Information received hereunder shall be
used by each Receiving Party and its Representatives solely in connection with such Receiving Party fulfilling its obligations
or exercising its rights under this License Agreement. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be interpreted as vesting, in favor
of any Receiving Party or any other person or entity, any right of ownership or other right in the Confidential Information of
a Disclosing Party. The obligations under this Section 5.10 shall survive for two (2) years after the termination of this
License Agreement. 

ARTICLE 6  

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, AND DISCLAIMERS  

6.1  Representations
and Warranties by Amyris . Amyris hereby represents and warrants to Novvi LLC that, as of the Effective Date,:  

(a)  Organization;
Good Standing . Amyris is a corporation duly organized and in good standing under the laws of Delaware and has full power and
authority and the legal right to own and operate its property and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted
and as is contemplated to be conducted by this License Agreement.  

(b)  Corporate
Authority . Amyris has the power and authority and the legal right to enter into this License Agreement and perform its obligations
hereunder and has taken all necessary action on its part required to authorize the execution and delivery of this License Agreement
and the performance of its obligations hereunder.   

(c)  Binding
Obligation . This License Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Amyris and constitutes a legal, valid, and binding
obligation of Amyris and is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency
or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditor rights and judicial principles affecting the availability
of specific performance and general principles of equity, whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or equity.  

Page   20   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

(d)  Consents
and Approvals . All necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all regulatory and governmental authorities and other
persons or entities required to be obtained by Amyris in connection with the execution and delivery of this License Agreement and
the performance of its obligations hereunder have been obtained or will be obtained prior to such performance.   

(e)  No
Conflicts . The execution and delivery of this License Agreement and the performance of Amyris s obligations hereunder
(i) do not conflict with or violate any provision of Amyris s articles of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) do not conflict with,
violate, or constitute a default of any contractual obligation of Amyris, or (iii), to its knowledge, do not conflict with or violate
any requirement of Applicable Law.  

(f)  Amyris Base Technology .
Amyris owns or otherwise has all necessary rights in and to the Amyris Base Technology to grant Novvi LLC the licenses described
in Sections 2.1 and 2.3. 

6.2  Representations
and Warranties by Novvi LLC . Novvi LLC hereby represents and warrants to Amyris that, as of the Effective Date,:  

(a)  Organization;
Good Standing . Novvi LLC is a limited liability company duly organized and in good standing under
the laws of Delaware and has full power and authority and the legal right to own and operate its property and assets and to carry
on its business as it is now being conducted and as it is contemplated to be conducted by this License Agreement.  

(b)  Corporate
Authority . Novvi LLC has the power and authority and the legal right to enter into this License Agreement and perform its obligations
hereunder and has taken all necessary action on its part required to authorize the execution and delivery of this License Agreement
and the performance of its obligations hereunder.   

(c)  Binding
Obligation . This License Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Novvi LLC and constitutes a legal, valid, and binding
obligation of Novvi LLC and is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency
or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditor rights and judicial principles affecting the availability
of specific performance and general principles of equity, whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or equity.  

(d)  Consents
and Approvals . All necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all regulatory and governmental authorities and other
persons or entities required to be obtained by Novvi LLC in connection with the execution and delivery of this License Agreement
and the performance of its obligations hereunder have been obtained or will be obtained prior to such performance.   

(e)  No
Conflicts . The execution and delivery of this License Agreement and the performance of Novvi LLC s obligations hereunder
(i) do not conflict with or violate any provision of Novvi LLC s certificate of incorporation or Second Amended and Restated
Operating Agreement, (ii) do not conflict with, violate, or constitute a default of any contractual obligation of Novvi LLC, or
(iii), to its knowledge, do not conflict with or violate any requirement of Applicable Law.  

6.3  DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES .
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 6, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR GRANTS ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE, AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER
WRITTEN OR ORAL, OR EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE 

Page   21   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

OR PURPOSE, OR SAFETY, ANY WARRANTY AS
TO THE ACCURACY, VALIDITY OR SCOPE OF ANY PATENTS OR KNOW-HOW LICENSED HEREUNDER, AND ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE NON-INFRINGEMENT OF
ANY THIRD PARTY S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS THROUGH THE PRACTICE OF ANY PATENTS OR KNOW-HOW LICENSED HEREUNDER. 

ARTICLE 7  

INDEMNIFICATION  

7.1  Amyris s
Indemnification Obligations . Amyris will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Novvi LLC, its Affiliates and its and their respective
members, directors, officers, employees, and agents and their respective successors, heirs, and permitted assigns (collectively,
  Novvi LLC Indemnitees  ) from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, fines, costs, interest and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses) (collectively,   Losses  ) arising from a Third
Party s claim, action, suit, or demand (or judgments or settlements arising therefrom) against a Novvi LLC Indemnity, in
each case to the extent resulting from:   

(i)    any breach by Amyris of this License Agreement;

(ii)    the negligent, reckless, or intentionally
wrongful acts or omissions on the part of any Amyris Indemnitee in performing any activity related to this License Agreement;    

(iii)    Amyris s development, making, having
made, offer for sale, sale, or import of any product for which it used Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology licensed to
it under Section 2.2, including any claims of product liability or claims of infringement or misappropriation of a Third Party s
intellectual property;     

(iv)    Novvi LLC s making (have made), offer
for sale, sale, or importing, in each case between the Effective Date and June 1, 2013, of any Base Oil or Lubricant for the Lubricants
Market derived from BioFene using Amyris Pre-Signature Base Technology allegedly infringing or misappropriating a Third Party s
intellectual property but only to the extent such alleged infringement or misappropriation is directly attributable to Novvi LLC s
adherence to the Amyris Pre-Signature Base Technology and not to any deviation or modification from such process made by or on
behalf Novvi LLC or a permitted sublicensee of Novvi LLC, other than a deviation or modification made by Novvi LLC at the written 
 direction of Amyris;     

(v)    if Novvi LLC is licensed under Section 2.3
to make BioFene, Novvi LLC s manufacture of BioFene in either the United States of America or Brazil allegedly infringing
or misappropriating a Third Party s intellectual property, but only to the extent such alleged infringement or misappropriation
is directly attributable to Novvi LLC s adherence to Amyris s then-approved BioFene manufacturing process licensed
from Amyris as part of the licensed Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology and not to any deviation or modification from such
process made by or on behalf of Novvi LLC or a permitted sublicensee of Novvi LLC, other than a deviation or modification made
by Novvi LLC at the written direction of Amyris; or    

(vi)    Amyris s or its Affiliates  activities
prior to the Effective Date with regard to its use of Base Oils, Additives or Lubricants for the Lubricants Market, including any
sampling of    

Page   22   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

such
products by Amyris or its Affiliates to Third Parties prior to the Effective Date (collectively (i)-(vi), each a   Novvi
LLC Third Party Claim  );   

provided 
that Amyris will not defend, indemnify, or hold harmless Novvi LLC Indemnities under this Section to the extent such Losses and/or
Novvi LLC Third Party Claim is determined to have resulted from the causes described in Section 7.2(i)-(iv).   

7.2  Novvi
LLC s Indemnification Obligations . Novvi LLC will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Amyris, its Affiliates and its
and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, and agents and their respective successors, heirs, and permitted
assigns (collectively,   Amyris Indemnitees  ) from and against any and all Losses arising from a Third Party s
claim, action, suit, or demand (or judgments or settlements arising therefrom) against an Amyris Indemnity, in each case to the
extent resulting from:  

(i)    any breach by Novvi LLC of this License Agreement;

(ii)    the negligent, reckless, or intentionally
wrongful acts or omissions on the part of any Novvi LLC Indemnitee in performing any activity related to this License Agreement;    

(iii)    except as set forth in Section 7.1(iv), Novvi
LLC s development, making (have made), offer for sale, sale, or import of any Base Oil, Additive, or Lubricant derived from
BioFene, including any claims of product liability or claims of infringement or misappropriation of a Third Party s intellectual
property; or     

(iv)    except as set forth in Section 7.1(v), Novvi
LLC s manufacture of BioFene allegedly infringing or misappropriating a Third Party s intellectual property (collectively
(i)-(iv), each an   Amyris Third Party Claim  );     

provided  that Novvi LLC will not
defend, indemnify, or hold harmless Amyris Indemnities under this Section to the extent such Losses and/or Amyris Third Party Claim
is determined to have resulted from the causes described in Section 7.1(i)-(vi). 

7.3  Indemnification
Procedures . The Parties  obligations under Sections 7.1 and 7.2 shall be governed by and contingent upon the following:  

(a)  Notice
of Claim . All indemnification claims in respect of a Novvi LLC Indemnitee or Amyris Indemnitee
shall be made solely by Novvi LLC or Amyris, as applicable (each of Novvi LLC or Amyris in such capacity, the   Indemnified
Party  ). Promptly after a Novvi LLC Indemnitee or an Amyris Indemnitee receives notice of a threatened, pending, or actual
Novvi LLC Third Party Claim or Amyris Third Party Claim (a   Third Party Claim  ), the applicable Indemnified
Party shall give written notice of the Third Party Claim to the Party to whom that Indemnified Party is entitled to look for indemnification
pursuant to this Article 7 (the   Indemnifying Party  ). Such written notice (an   Indemnification Claim
Notice  ) shall contain a description of the claim, the nature and amount of such Loss (to the extent that the nature
and amount of such Loss is known at such time), and the basis for indemnification under this Article 7. An Indemnified Party s
delay in providing, or failure to provide, an Indemnification Claim Notice will not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligations
under this Article 7 for the Third Party Claim, except to the extent it can demonstrate that such delay or failure materially adversely
affects the ability of the Indemnifying Party to defend the Third Person Claim, to cure the breach (if applicable) giving rise
to such Third Person Claim, or minimize the applicable Loss. The Indemnified Party shall also furnish promptly to the Indemnifying
Party copies of all papers and official documents received in respect of the Third Party Claim.  

Page   23   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

(b)  Assumption
of Defense . At its option, the Indemnifying Party may assume the defense of the Third Party Claim by giving written notice
to the Indemnified Party within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Indemnification Claim Notice (an   Assumption Notice  ).
Such assumption shall not be construed as an acknowledgement of liability or a waiver of any defenses by the Indemnifying Party
(and the Indemnifying Party shall be reimbursed by the Indemnified Party in the case in which the Indemnified Party is not liable
under this Article 7).   

(c)  Control
of Defense by the Indemnifying Party . Upon giving a timely Assumption Notice to the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party:

(i)    has the exclusive right, at its own expense and by counsel of
its choosing (but who is reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party), conduct and control the defense and the disposition
or, subject to Subsection (d) below, settlement of the Third Party Claim (including all decisions relative to litigation, appeal,
and settlement);    

(ii)    will conduct the defense and, if applicable, settlement of such
Third Person Claim in a reasonable and diligent manner;                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

(iii)   will
keep the Indemnified Party informed on a reasonable and timely basis as to the status of such Third Party Claim to the extent the
Indemnified Party is not participating in the defense;   

(iv)   is
not liable for the fees or expenses of counsel hired by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense of the Third Party
Claim (except in the case where the interests of the Indemnified Party and Indemnifying Party are sufficiently adverse to prohibit
the representation by the same counsel of both Parties under Applicable Law, ethical rules or equitable principles); and   

(v)  is
not liable for any other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with such defense, other than the
Indemnified Party s reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred in cooperating with the Indemnifying Party per Subsection (e)
below.  

(d)  Settlement
by the Indemnifying Party . If an Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense of a Third Party Claim under Subsection (b) above,
the Indemnifying Party may not settle or compromise a Third Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party
(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) unless such settlement or compromise (i) involves no payment (whether
by cash, securities or other instrument), assignment, obligation, granting of a license, or admission of fault or wrongdoing by,
or injunctive or other equitable relief against, the Indemnified Party and (ii) the Indemnified Party receives a comprehensive
general release of all claims from the applicable Third Party. In no event will an Indemnifying Party, without the written consent
of the other Party, be entitled to settle any Third Party Claim by granting a license or covenant not to sue under or with respect
to the Patents or other intellectual property rights owned by the other Party. Furthermore, in the case of a Novvi LLC Third Party
Claim under Section 7.1(v), Novvi LLC agrees that, if Amyris has assumed the defense of such Third Party Claim under Subsection
(b) above, Novvi LLC will work together with Amyris in good faith should Amyris reasonably determine that settling such matter
and/or the Parties avoiding additional such Third Party Claims is to modify the BioFene manufacturing process that is both licensed
to Novvi LLC and used by Amyris for its own BioFene manufacturing.   

(e)  Indemnified
Party s Cooperation . If an Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense of a Third Party Claim under Subsection (b), the
Indemnified Party shall, and shall cause each of its Novvi  

Page   24   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

LLC
Indemnitees or Amyris Indemnitees (as applicable), to reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party, mitigate potential Losses,
and furnish such records, information and testimony, provide such witnesses and attend such conferences, discovery proceedings,
hearings, trials and appeals as may be reasonably requested in connection therewith. Such cooperation shall include access during
normal business hours by the Indemnifying Party to, and reasonable retention by the Indemnified Party of, records and information
that are reasonably relevant to such Third Party Claim and making the Indemnified Party and its Novvi LLC Indemnitees or Amyris
Indemnitees (as applicable) available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any records
or information provided. In addition, if an Indemnifying Party has assumed the defense of a Third Party Claim under Subsection
(b), the Indemnified Party may employ separate counsel to participate in the defense of such Third Party Claim, but such counsel
will be at the Indemnified Party s sole expense.      

(f)  Expenses .
Any reasonable and verifiable costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with a Third Party Claim and reimbursable
as set forth this Article 7 shall be reimbursed on a calendar quarter basis by the Indemnifying Party, without prejudice to the
Indemnifying Party s right to contest the Indemnified Party s right to indemnification and subject to refund in the
event the Indemnifying Party is ultimately held not to be obligated to defend, indemnify, or hold harmless the Indemnified Party
under this Article 7.  

(g)
  Breach by the Indemnifying Party of its Article 7 Obligations . If the Indemnifying Party denies its obligations under
this Article 7, fails to timely provide an Assumption Notice with regard to a Third Party Claim, or fails to diligently defend,
indemnify, and hold harmless such Third Party Claim throughout the period that such claim exists, then its right to defend that
Third Party Claim shall immediately terminate upon written notice from the Indemnified Party, and the Indemnified Party may assume
the defense of, and settle, such claim with counsel of its own choice and on such terms as it deems reasonably appropriate, with
written notice to the Indemnifying Party but without any obligation to obtain the consent of the Indemnifying Party. The Indemnifying
Party will be obligated to indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Party for the costs of such defense and settlement if it
is determined that the Indemnifying Party breached its obligations under this Article 7 with regard to such Third Party Claim and
that the Third Party Claim is subject to the indemnification provisions of this Article 7.    

7.4  Disclaimer
of Consequential Damages . EXCEPT FOR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY WAS ADVISED OR OTHERWISE AWARE OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES
AND REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES;  PROVIDED ,  HOWEVER , THAT THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER
DOES NOT APPLY TO OR LIMIT EITHER PARTY S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS ARTICLE 7 WITH REGARD TO THIRD PERSON CLAIMS.

7.5  Insurance  .
 While a Party s license(s) under this License Agreement are in effect and for three (3) years thereafter, such Party
shall have and maintain such type and amounts of liability insurance covering its activities under this License Agreement as is
normal and customary in such Party s industry for parties similarly situated, and such Party shall upon request provide the
other Party a certificate confirming such insurance is in place. 

ARTICLE 8  

Page   25   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

DISPUTE RESOLUTION  

8.1  Governing
Law . This License Agreement shall be governed by and construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law or of choice of law thereof (other than Sections
5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, which shall apply to this License Agreement). 
The Parties   agree   to exclude the application to this License  
  Agreement   of   the United
Nations   Convention   on Contracts for the International   Sale
of Goods.   

8.2  Binding
Arbitration .  

(a)  Informal
Resolution . In the event of any dispute between the Parties involving this License Agreement, such dispute shall be governed
by and resolved subject to this Article 8. Notwithstanding anything contained in this License Agreement, the Parties undertake
to use their reasonable efforts to amicably resolve by mutual negotiation of their chief executive officers (or their designees)
any disputes between themselves involving this License Agreement.   

(b)  Submit
to AAA Arbitration . In case such mutual agreement is not reached under Subsection (a) above within thirty (30) days after submission
of the dispute to the Parties  chief executive officers (or their designees), either Party, subject to Subsection (i) below
with regard to Patent disputes, may refer the dispute to binding arbitration under the then-existing rules (  Arbitration
Rules  ) of the American Arbitration Association (  Arbitration Chamber  ), which will exclusively and
finally settle such dispute. The Arbitration Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this License Agreement, except
as such Arbitration Rules may be modified herein or by subsequent mutual agreement by the Parties. The arbitration proceedings
filed based on this License Agreement shall be administered by the Arbitration Chamber. Any such arbitration shall be conducted
in accordance with, and subject in all respect to, the following: For the avoidance of doubt, this Article 8 equally binds all
Parties to this License Agreement, and such Parties hereby agree to submit to and comply with all the terms and conditions of this
Article 8, which shall be in full force and effect irrevocably, and subject to specific performance. Unless otherwise agreed in
writing, the Parties shall continue to diligently perform their respective duties and obligations under this License Agreement
while an arbitral proceeding is pending.  

(c)  Selection
of the Arbitral Tribunal . Each arbitration under this Article 8 will be settled by a panel of three (3) arbitrators. Each Party
shall nominate one arbitrator in accordance with the Arbitration Rules, and the two arbitrators so nominated shall nominate jointly
a third arbitrator, who shall serve as the chair of the arbitral tribunal (  Arbitral Tribunal  ), within fifteen
(15) days from the receipt of a communication from the Arbitration Chamber by the two previously nominated arbitrators. If any
arbitrator has not been nominated within the time limits specified herein and/or in the Arbitration Rules, as applicable, such
appointment shall be made by the Arbitration Chamber upon the written request of either Party within fifteen (15) days of such
request. If at any time a vacancy occurs in the Arbitral Tribunal, the vacancy shall be filled in the same manner and subject to
the same requirements as provided for the original appointment to that position.  

(d)  Location
of the Arbitration . The place of arbitrations shall be the city of New York, New York, U.S.A., where the award(s) shall be
rendered, and all arbitrations shall be conducted in English.  

(e)  Arbitration
Decision . An arbitration award shall be final, unappealable and binding on the Parties, their successors and assignees, who
agree to comply with it and spontaneously and expressly  

Page   26   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

waive
any form of appeal, except for the request for fraud, correction of material error or clarification of uncertainty, doubt, contradiction
or omission of the arbitration award. If necessary, an arbitration award may be performed in any court that has jurisdiction or
authority over a Party or its assets. The arbitration award will include the distribution of costs, including reasonable attorney s
fees and reasonable expenses as the Arbitral Tribunal sees fit.  

(f)  Exclusive
Dispute Resolution Process; Exceptions . The Parties are fully aware of all terms and effects of the arbitration provisions
herein agreed upon and irrevocably agree that arbitration hereunder is the only form of resolution of any disputes arising between
themselves involving this License Agreement, except as expressly set forth to the contrary in this Section 8.2. Without prejudice
to the validity of these arbitration provisions, either Party may seek judicial assistance and/or relief, if and when necessary,
for the sole purposes of: 

(i)    executing obligations that admit, forthwith, specific performance;

(ii)    obtaining coercive or precautionary measures or procedures of
a preventive, provisional or permanent nature, as security for the arbitration to be commenced or already in course between the
Parties and/or to ensure the existence and efficacy of the arbitration proceeding; or     

(iii)    fraud, correction of material error or clarification of uncertainty,
doubt, contradiction or omission of the arbitration award; or    

(iv)    obtaining measures of a mandatory and specific nature;     

it being
understood that, upon accomplishment of the mandatory or specific enforcement procedures sought, the dispute shall be returned
to the Arbitral Tribunal to be established or already established, as applicable, full and exclusive authority to decide on all
and any issues, whether related to procedure or merit, which has caused the mandatory or specific enforcement claim, with the respective
judicial proceeding being interrupted until the partial or final decision of the Arbitral Tribunal. The Parties agree that irreparable
damage would occur in the event any provision of this License Agreement was not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and
that the Parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy at law or in equity.  

For the
measures indicated in (i) through (iv) above, the Parties elect any state or U.S. federal court located in the city of New York,
New York, U.S.A., to the exclusion of any other courts, and the Parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of any state or U.S. federal court located within the City of New York, New York, U.S.A. over any such action. The Parties hereby
irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the
laying of venue of any such action brought in such court or any defense of inconvenient forum for the maintenance of such action.
The filing of any measure under this Subsection (f) does not entail any waiver to the arbitration under this Article 8 or to the
full jurisdiction of the Arbitral Tribunal.  

(g)  Confidentiality .
The Parties and their respective Representatives, the witnesses, the Arbitral Tribunal, the Arbitration Chamber and its secretariat
agree to treat the existence, content, awards and decisions relating to an arbitration proceeding hereunder, together with all
the materials, information and testimony used therein or created for the purposes thereof, as well as other documents produced
or disclosed by each Party during the arbitration proceeding, as Confidential Information of the other Party, subject to the obligations
and exceptions in Section 5.10.  

Page   27   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

(h)  Consolidation
with Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement Arbitrations . In order to facilitate the comprehensive resolution of related
disputes between the Parties under this License Agreement and the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement, any or all such
disputes may be brought in a single arbitration under the following circumstances and conditions: If one or more arbitrations are
already pending between the Parties hereunder or under the Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement and a new dispute arises
between the Parties under any of said agreements or a subsequently filed arbitration is brought between the Parties under any said
agreements, then a Party may request that such new dispute or any subsequently filed arbitration be consolidated into any prior
pending arbitration. Within twenty (20) days of a request to consolidate, the Parties shall select one of the prior pending arbitrations
into which the new dispute or subsequently filed arbitration may be consolidated (  Selected Arbitration  ). If
the Parties are unable to agree on the Selected Arbitration within such twenty (20) day period, then the Arbitration Chamber shall
indicate the Selected Arbitration within twenty (20) days of a written request by a Party. If the Arbitration Chamber fails to
indicate the Selected Arbitration within the 20-day time limit indicated above, the arbitration first initiated shall be considered
the Selected Arbitration. The new dispute or subsequently filed arbitration shall be so consolidated, provided that the Arbitral
Tribunal for the Selected Arbitration determines that: (i) the new dispute or subsequently filed arbitration presents significant
issues of law or fact common with those in the Selected Arbitration; (ii) neither Party would be unduly harmed in the new dispute
or in the Selected Arbitration; and (iii) consolidation under these circumstances would not result in undue delay for the Selected
Arbitration. Any such order of consolidation issued by the Arbitral Tribunal shall be final and binding upon the Parties. The Parties
waive any right they may have to appeal or to seek interpretation, revision or annulment of such order of consolidation under the
Arbitration Rules and/or the   Applicable Law in any court. The Arbitral Tribunal for the Selected Arbitration into which
a new dispute or subsequently filed arbitration is consolidated shall serve as the Arbitral Tribunal for the consolidated arbitration. 

(i)  Exception
for Patent-related Disputes . In the event that a dispute arises with respect to the inventorship, scope, ownership, validity,
enforceability, revocation or infringement of a Patent and such dispute cannot be resolved by the Parties in accordance with Subsection (a)
above, then, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, such dispute will not be submitted to arbitration under this Section
8.2, and either Party may initiate litigation solely in a court of competent jurisdiction in the country of issuance of the Patent
that is the subject of the dispute. 

8.3  Service
of Process . Each Party agrees that, in any dispute, claim, action, suit or proceeding between the Parties in connection with
this License Agreement that, per this License Agreement or Applicable Law, may be brought in a court, process may be served on
a Party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each
Party agrees that service of process on such Party at the location, and as provided, in Section 10.10 shall be deemed effective
service of process on such Party. Nothing herein shall affect the right of either Party to serve legal process in any other manner
permitted by Applicable Law or at equity.   

8.4  Waiver
of Jury Trial . WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING BETWEEN THE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LICENSE
AGREEMENT THAT, PER THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT OR APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE BROUGHT IN A COURT, EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY
WAIVES AND RELEASES TO THE OTHER ITS RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY AND AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT SEEK A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE,
CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING.  

ARTICLE 9  

Page   28   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

TERM AND TERMINATION  

9.1  Term of the
License Agreement . The term of this License Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue in full force
and effect until the expiration or termination of all licenses granted pursuant to Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3. 

9.2  Initial Term
of the Licenses . 

(a)  Novvi LLC s
Licenses in Section 2.1 . The licenses granted to Novvi LLC in Section 2.1 will be effective as of the Effective Date and will
continue, unless earlier terminated per this Article 9, until (i) with respect to any Know-How in the Amyris Base Technology, the
twentieth (20 th ) anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) with respect to each Patent in the Amyris Base Technology,
the twentieth (20 th ) anniversary of the Effective Date or the expiration or invalidation of the applicable Patent, whichever
is sooner. 

(b)  Novvi LLC s
License under Section 2.3 . If Amyris grants Novvi LLC a license under Section 2.3, then such license will be effective upon
the date Amyris grants it per the terms of Section 2.3 and will continue, unless earlier terminated per this Article 9, until (i)
with respect to any Know-How in the Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology, the twentieth (20 th ) anniversary of the
Effective Date and (ii) with respect to each Patent in the Amyris BioFene Manufacturing Technology, the twentieth (20 th )
anniversary of the Effective Date or the expiration or invalidation of the applicable Patent, whichever is sooner. 

(c)  Amyris s
License in Section 2.2 . The license granted to Amyris in Section 2.2 will be effective as of the Effective Date and will continue,
unless earlier terminated per this Article 9, until (i) with respect to any Know-How in the Novvi LLC BioFene Transformation Technology,
the twentieth (20 th ) anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) with respect to each Patent in the Novvi LLC BioFene
Transformation Technology, the twentieth (20 th ) anniversary of the Effective Date or the expiration or invalidation
of the applicable Patent, whichever is sooner. 

9.3  Extend the
Term of Licenses . If a license granted to Novvi LLC in Section 2.1 or under Section 2.3, or to Amyris under Section 2.2, has
not been earlier terminated under this Article 9, the Parties agree to decide, no later than the eighteenth (18 th ) anniversary
of the Effective Date, whether or not to extend the term of such license(s) set forth in Section 9.2(a)-(c) beyond the twentieth
(20 th ) anniversary of the Effective Date. If the Parties agree to extend the term of such licenses to Novvi LLC and/or
Amyris, such extension shall be set forth in writing signed by both Parties, but such licenses will still be subject to earlier
termination under this Article 9. 

9.4  Expiration
of a Novvi LLC License . Upon the expiration of the term (as may be extended per Section 9.3) of a license granted to Novvi
LLC in Section 2.1 or under Section 2.3 if such license was not earlier terminated, 

(i)  such expired
license will immediately cease;  

(ii)  Novvi LLC will have no rights to or under any intellectual property or Confidential Information
of Amyris, unless, at the time, it continues to have another unexpired and un-terminated license(s) under this License Agreement,
in which case such unexpired and un-terminated license(s) of Novvi LLC will continue unaffected, as will this License Agreement
with regard to such unexpired and un-terminated license(s);   

Page   29   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

(iii)  any sublicense Novvi LLC may have granted an Affiliate or Third Party under the expired license
automatically terminates;   

(iv)  Section 2.1 or 2.3 (whichever is applicable to the expired license) and Article 3 (if the expired
license had been granted under Section 2.1) automatically terminate;   

(v)  Novvi LLC, if upon such expiration it has no more licenses under this License Agreement, will remain
obligated to perform its obligations in Articles 5, 7, 8, and 10; and   

(vi)  Amyris s license under Section 2.2 will continue unaffected, as will this License Agreement
with regard to such license.   

9.5  Expiration
of Amyris License . Upon the expiration of the term (as may be extended per Section 9.3) of the license granted to Amyris in
Section 2.2, 

(i)  such expired
license will immediately cease;  

(ii)  Amyris will have no rights to or under any intellectual property or Confidential Information of
Novvi LLC;   

(iii)  any sublicense Amyris may have granted an Affiliate or Third Party under the expired license automatically
terminates;   

(iv)  Section 2.2 automatically terminates;   

(v)  Amyris will remain obligated to perform its obligations pursuant to this License Agreement; and   

(vi)  Novvi LLC s licenses under Sections 2.1 and 2.3 will continue unaffected, as will this License
Agreement with regard to such licenses.   

9.6  Uncured Material
Breach by Novvi LLC . If Novvi LLC materially breaches this License Agreement and does not cure such breach within sixty (60)
days after receiving written notice from Amyris of such breach, Amyris may, with another written notice to Novvi LLC, immediately
terminate all of the licenses granted to Novvi LLC under this License Agreement. If, per this Section, Amyris terminates Novvi
LLC s licenses under this License Agreement, then, upon such termination,: 

(i)  Novvi LLC will have no rights to or under any intellectual property or Confidential Information
of Amyris;   

(ii)  any sublicense Novvi LLC may have granted an Affiliate or Third Party automatically terminates;   

(iii)  Sections 2.1 and 2.3 and Article 3 automatically terminate;   

(iv)  Novvi LLC will remain obligated to perform its obligations in Articles 5, 7, 8, and 10; and   

(v)  Amyris s license under Section 2.2 will continue unaffected, as will this License   

Page   30   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

Agreement
with regard to such license. 

Termination under this Section is not Amyris s
exclusive remedy for a Novvi LLC breach but is in addition to any other rights or remedies Amyris may have under this License Agreement
or Applicable Law for such breach. 

9.7  Uncured Material
Breach by Amyris . If Amyris materially breaches this License Agreement and does not cure such breach within sixty (60) days
after receiving written notice from Novvi LLC of such breach, Novvi LLC may, with another written notice to Amyris, immediately
terminate the license granted to Amyris under this License Agreement. If, per this Section, Novvi LLC terminates Amyris s
license under this License Agreement, then, upon such termination,: 

(i)  Amyris will have no rights to or under any intellectual property or Confidential Information of
Novvi LLC;   

(ii)  any sublicense Amyris may have granted an Affiliate or Third Party under the license automatically
terminates;   

(iii)  Section 2.2 automatically terminates;   

(iv)  Amyris will remain obligated to perform its obligations in Articles 5, 7, 8, and 10; and   

(v)  Novvi LLC s licenses under Sections 2.1 and 2.3 will continue unaffected, as will this License
Agreement with regard to such licenses.   

9.8  Event of
Dissolution of Novvi LLC . Upon the occurrence of an event described in Section 11.03 of the Second Amended and Restated Operating
Agreement that triggers dissolution of Novvi LLC and Novvi LLC is dissolved and wound up: 

(i)  all of the licenses granted to Novvi LLC under this License Agreement, if not previously expired
or terminated, will automatically terminate;   

(ii)  Novvi LLC will have no rights to or under any intellectual property or Confidential Information
of Amyris;   

(iii)  any sublicense Novvi LLC may have granted an Affiliate or Third Party automatically terminates;
and   

(iv)  Sections 2.1 and 2.3 and Article 3 automatically terminate (if not previously terminated).   

9.9  Insolvency
Event for Novvi LLC . Upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event for Novvi LLC: 

(i)  all of the licenses granted to Novvi LLC under this License Agreement, if not previously expired
or terminated, will automatically terminate;   

(ii)  Novvi LLC will have no rights to or under any intellectual property or Confidential Information
of Amyris;   
 
      Page   31   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

(iii)  any sublicense Novvi LLC may have granted an Affiliate or Third Party automatically terminates;   

(iv)  Sections 2.1 and 2.3 and Article 3 automatically terminate (if not previously terminated or expired);   

(v)  Novvi LLC will remain obligated to perform its obligations in Articles 5, 7, 8, and 10; and   

(vi)  Amyris s license under Section 2.2 will continue unaffected per Section 2.6, as will this
License Agreement with regard to such license.   

9.10  Insolvency
Event for Amyris . Upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event for Amyris: 

(i)  the license granted to Amyris under this License Agreement, if not previously expired or terminated,
will automatically terminate;   

(ii)  Amyris will have no rights to or under any intellectual property or Confidential Information of
Novvi LLC;   

(iii)  any sublicense Amyris may have granted an Affiliate or Third Party under the license automatically
terminates;   

(iv)  Section 2.2 automatically terminates (if not previously terminated or expired);   

(v)  Amyris will remain obligated to perform its obligations in Articles 5, 7, 8, and 10; and   

(vi)  Novvi LLC s licenses under Sections 2.1 and 2.3 will continue unaffected per Section 2.6,
as will this License Agreement with regard to such licenses.   

9.11  Surviving
Provisions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in the event that this License Agreement expires or is terminated, the
following provisions, and the Parties  respective rights and obligations under them, will survive such circumstances: Article
1, Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 5.8, and 5.10 (for the time period set forth in Section 5.10), Article 7, Article 8, and Article
10, and this Section. 

ARTICLE 10  

MISCELLANEOUS  

10.1  Compliance
with Law . With respect to the performance of this License Agreement and the activities contemplated by this License Agreement,
each Party shall comply with all Applicable Laws.  

10.2  No Conflicting
Rights . Neither Party will grant any license, right, or encumbrance to any Affiliate or Third Party that would conflict with
the licenses or rights granted hereunder or enter into any agreement that would impair such Party s ability to perform its
obligations under this License Agreement. 

Page   32   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

10.3  Further
Assurances .  After the Effective Date, each of the Parties shall execute and deliver such additional documents, certificates,
and instruments and perform such additional acts, as may be reasonably requested and necessary or appropriate to carry out the
purposes and intent and all of the provisions of this License Agreement and to consummate all of the transactions contemplated
by this License Agreement. 

10.4 E xpenses . 
Each Party shall be responsible for and bear all of its own costs and expenses (including but not limited to any attorneys 
fees, accountants  fees, or financial advisors  fees or any prior commitment in respect thereof) with regard to the
negotiation and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this License Agreement.  

10.5  Relationship
of the Parties.   Each Party is an independent contractor relative to the other Party under this License Agreement. This
License Agreement is not a partnership agreement, and nothing in this License Agreement shall be construed to establish a relationship
of co-partners or joint venturers between the Parties.  No employee or representative of a Party, per this License Agreement,
shall have any authority to bind or obligate the other Party or to create or impose any contractual or other liability on the other
Party. 

10.6  No
Third Party Beneficiaries    .    Except with regard
to the Novvi LLC Indemnitees and Amyris Indemnitees under Article 7 and Total with regard to Section 4.1, all rights, benefits,
and remedies under this Licensee Agreement are solely intended for the benefit of the Parties and their respective permitted successors
and assigns. No Third Party (except Novvi LLC Indemnitees and Amyris Indemnitees with regard to their rights, benefits and remedies
Article 7 and Total with regard to Section 4.1) shall have any rights whatsoever to enforce any obligation contained this License
Agreement, seek a benefit or remedy for any breach, or take any other action relating to this License Agreement under any legal
or equitable theory.  

10.7  Amendments
and Waivers    .    This License Agreement may be
amended or waived if, and only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and signed, in the case of an amendment, by all Parties
or, in the case of a waiver, by the Party against whom the waiver is to be effective. No failure or delay by any Party in exercising
any right, power or privilege hereunder (other than a failure or delay beyond a period of time specified herein) shall operate
as a waiver thereof; nor shall any waiver by a Party of any term or condition of this License Agreement in any one or more instances,
be deemed to be or construed as a waiver of the same or any other term or condition of this License Agreement on any future occasion.  

10.8  Assignment .
Other than its sublicensing rights under Section 2.1 and potentially under Section 2.3, Novvi LLC may not assign or delegate,
in whole or in part, this License Agreement or any of its rights or obligations under this License Agreement without the prior
written consent of Amyris, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. In addition to its sublicense rights under Section 2.2,
Amyris may, without Novvi LLC s consent, assign or delegate, in whole or in part, this License Agreement or any of its rights
or obligations under this License Agreement to (i) an Affiliate but only while such Affiliate remains an Affiliate and if Amyris
remains responsible for such Affiliate s performance of the License Agreement, (ii) a buyer of all or substantially all
of Amyris s assets as long as such buyer delivers a writing expressly agreeing to assume such performance, or (iii) a surviving
entity with whom Amyris is merged as long as such surviving entity delivers a writing expressly agreeing to assume such performance.
Any assignment or delegation or attempted assignment or delegation not in accordance with this Section 10.8 shall be null and
void. This License Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the Parties and their permitted successors
and assigns.  

10.9 S everability . 
If any provision of this License Agreement should be held invalid, illegal 

Page   33   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

or unenforceable
in any jurisdiction, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith a valid, legal and enforceable substitute provision that most nearly
reflects the original intent of the Parties and all other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction
and shall be liberally construed in order to carry out the intentions of the Parties as nearly as may be possible. Such invalidity,
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
Nothing in this License Agreement shall be interpreted so as to require a Party to violate any Applicable Law. 

10.10  Notices . 
All notices, consents, claims, waivers, requests and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered
in person, sent by overnight courier (e.g., Federal Express), facsimile transmission or posted by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, to the following address of each Party: 

If
to Amyris:  

Amyris,
Inc.  

  5885
Hollis Street, Suite 100  

  Emeryville,
CA 94608  

  Attn:
General Counsel  

If
to Novvi LLC:  

Novvi
LLC  

  5885
Hollis Street  

  Emeryville,
CA 94608  

  Attn:
President  

with
a copy to, but only for such time as Cosan US remains a member of Novvi LLC, (but which shall not constitute notice):  

Cosan
US, Inc.  

  2711
Centerville Road, Suite 400  

  Wilmington,
Delaware 19808  

  Attn:
President  

Cosan
Lubrificantes e Especialidades S.A.  

  Rua
Victor Civita, 77   Edif cio 6 / Bloco 1   4  andar  

  Barra
da Tijuca   Rio de Janeiro   RJ  

  CEP
22775-905 Brazil  

  Attn:
Chief Executive Officer  

or
to such other address or addresses as each Party may from time-to-time designate by notice as provided herein.  Any such notice
shall be deemed given (i) when actually received when so delivered personally or by overnight courier or (ii) if mailed, other
than during a period of general discontinuance or disruption of postal service due to strike, lockout or otherwise, on the fifth
(5 th ) day after its postmarked date thereof or (iii) if sent by facsimile transmission on the date sent if such day
is a business day or the next following business day if such day is not a business day.    

10.11  Entire
Agreement .  This License Agreement sets forth all the covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions
and understandings between the Parties and supersedes and terminates all prior agreements and understandings between the Parties
relating to the  

Page   34   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

subject
matter hereof.  There are no covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions or understandings, either
oral or written, between the Parties other than as set forth in this License Agreement that relate to the subject matter hereof.   

10.12  I nterpretation . 
When a reference is made in this License Agreement to Articles, Sections, or Subsections, such reference shall be to an Article,
Section, or Subsection to this License Agreement unless otherwise indicated.  The words  include,   includes, 
and  including  when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words  without limitation 
and shall not be construed to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately
following it.  The headings and captions in this License Agreement are for convenience and reference purposes only and shall
not be considered a part of or affect the construction or interpretation of any provision of this License Agreement.  Words
of any gender include the other gender, and words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number,
respectively.  Each Party acknowledges and agrees it has had the opportunity to draft, review and edit the language of this
License Agreement and that no presumption for or against any Party arising out of drafting all or any part of this License Agreement
will be applied in any controversy, claim or dispute relating to, in connection with or involving this License Agreement. Accordingly,
the Parties hereby waive the benefit of any rule of Applicable Law, including California Civil Code Section 1654 and any successor
or amended statute, or any legal decision that would require that in cases of uncertainty, the language of a contract should be
interpreted most strongly against the party who drafted such language.   

10.13  Counterparts . 
This License Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This License Agreement may be executed by facsimile or other electronic
signatures (including exchange of emailed pdf), and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party as if they were original
signatures.  

THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT is hereby executed
effective as of the Effective Date by the authorized representatives of the Parties. 

AMYRIS, INC.  
       
      NOVVI LLC  

/s/ R. Asadorian 

By: 
     R. Asadorian 
       
     By: 

Title: 
     CFO 
       
     Title: 

By: 

Title: 

Page   35   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

subject
matter hereof.  There are no covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions or understandings, either
oral or written, between the Parties other than as set forth in this License Agreement that relate to the subject matter hereof.   

10.12  I nterpretation . 
When a reference is made in this License Agreement to Articles, Sections, or Subsections, such reference shall be to an Article,
Section, or Subsection to this License Agreement unless otherwise indicated.  The words  include,   includes, 
and  including  when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words  without limitation 
and shall not be construed to limit any general statement that it follows to the specific or similar items or matters immediately
following it.  The headings and captions in this License Agreement are for convenience and reference purposes only and shall
not be considered a part of or affect the construction or interpretation of any provision of this License Agreement.  Words
of any gender include the other gender, and words using the singular or plural number also include the plural or singular number,
respectively.  Each Party acknowledges and agrees it has had the opportunity to draft, review and edit the language of this
License Agreement and that no presumption for or against any Party arising out of drafting all or any part of this License Agreement
will be applied in any controversy, claim or dispute relating to, in connection with or involving this License Agreement. Accordingly,
the Parties hereby waive the benefit of any rule of Applicable Law, including California Civil Code Section 1654 and any successor
or amended statute, or any legal decision that would require that in cases of uncertainty, the language of a contract should be
interpreted most strongly against the party who drafted such language.   

10.13  Counterparts . 
This License Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This License Agreement may be executed by facsimile or other electronic
signatures (including exchange of emailed pdf), and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party as if they were original
signatures.  

THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT is hereby executed
effective as of the Effective Date by the authorized representatives of the Parties. 

AMYRIS, INC.  
       
      NOVVI LLC  

/s/ Jeffrey Brown 

By: 

By: 
     Jeffrey
Brown 

Title: 

Title: 
     President
  CEO 

/s/ Jason R. Wells 

By: 
     Jason R. Wells 

Title: 
     CTO 

Page   36   of  37  

      CONFIDENTIAL 

Exhibit A   

Definition of European Union  

6.   Czech Republic   

Page  37  of
 37  

</EX-10.03>

<EX-10.04>
 6
 exh_1004.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.04

Exhibit 10.04  

CONFIDENTIAL
TREATMENT REQUESTED. CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS DOCUMENT HAVE BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT AND,
WHERE APPLICABLE, HAVE BEEN MARKED WITH AN ASTERISK TO DENOTE WHERE OMISSIONS HAVE BEEN MADE. THE CONFIDENTIAL MATERIAL HAS BEEN
FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL   

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT  
 
 BY AND BETWEEN  

GINKGO BIOWORKS, INC.  

AND   

AMYRIS, INC.   

COLLABORATION AGREEMENT  

THIS COLLABORATION AGREEMENT (the   Agreement  )
is entered into as of September 30, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ) by and between Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc., a Delaware
corporation having its principal office at 27 Drydock Avenue, 8 th  Floor, Boston, MA 02210 (  Ginkgo  ),
and Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal office at 5885 Hollis Street, Ste. 100, Emeryville, CA 94608 (  Amyris  ).
Ginkgo and Amyris may be referred to in this Agreement individually as a   Party   and, collectively, as the   Parties  . 

RECITALS  

WHEREAS, Ginkgo and Amyris each have certain
capabilities, technology and know-how useful in collaborating to develop a biotechnology platform that will benefit both Parties 
customers; 

WHEREAS, Ginkgo and Amyris are interested in
forming an alliance in the Field (as hereinafter defined) whose goal is to discover, develop and commercialize a robust portfolio
of products to address the needs of each Party s customers; and 

WHEREAS, concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement, (a) Amyris has issued to Ginkgo the warrant attached hereto as   Exhibit A,   (b) Amyris and Stegodon
Corporation have entered into the Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement Relating to (i) Maturity Date, (ii) Payments and (iii)
Cash Covenants, and (c) Amyris and Ginkgo have entered into an Escrow Agreement (the   Escrow Agreement  ) in
the form attached hereto as   Exhibit B  . 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the respective
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

Article
I.     DEFINITIONS  

When used in this Agreement, each of the following
terms shall have the meanings set forth in this Article I: 

1.1             
  Action   means any claim, audit, examination, action, cause of action or suit (whether in contract or tort or
otherwise), litigation (whether at law or in equity, whether civil or criminal), assessment, arbitration, mediation, investigation,
hearing, charge, complaint, demand, notice or proceeding. 

1.2             
  Accounting Principles   means GAAP, to the extent applicable. In the event of a conflict between GAAP and any
provision of this Agreement, this Agreement shall control. 

1.3             
  Actual Cost of Goods Sold   means, with respect to a Product, the costs and expenses per unit, such as a kilogram,
of manufacturing said Product associated with the manufacturing, and commercialization of such Product under this Agreement, including:
(a) the direct labor costs (including salary and wages and fringe benefits) incurred by the applicable Party or its Affiliates
in conducting the applicable activity; (b) the cost of materials used by the applicable Party or its Affiliates (including feedstock
and raw materials, intermediates, 

components and packaging materials, and including
shipping and handling costs, freight-in charges and any applicable sales taxes and/or customs duties therefor); (c) a reasonable
allocation of overhead (including without limitation indirect labor costs, supplies and materials, plant insurance and property
taxes) and facilities and equipment expense (including utilities, repairs and maintenance costs, and equipment rental), (d) costs
for administration and for management of material procurement and other manufacturing or other applicable activities, including
QA/QC, performed directly in support of the applicable activity, calculated in accordance with reasonable cost accounting methods
in effect from time to time, consistently applied; (e) if applicable, amounts paid (net of rebates or discounts, if any) to Third
Party manufacturers or service providers in connection with their supply of the product or subcontracting of the applicable activity
(including shipping costs and any applicable taxes and/or duties therefor), and (f) any royalties payable to a Third Party directly
attributable to the applicable activity;  provided ,  however , that no cost may be counted more than once in such calculation.
Actual Cost of Goods Sold shall not include non-cash GAAP expenses such as depreciation expense and utilization charges except
that for Products manufactured at Amyris  existing BROTAS facility, a reasonable allocation of either (1) depreciation expense
over the expected life of the buildings and equipment in existence as of the Effective Date or (2) rent, leaseback fees and similar
costs for the existing BROTAS facility shall be included in facilities and equipment expense, which amount of all such depreciation
expense, rent, leaseback fees, and similar costs for all products manufactured (whether or not for customers under this Agreement)
at the existing BROTAS facility for purposes of calculating Actual Cost of Goods Sold hereunder is capped at $[*] in the aggregate
per year. For clarity, under this Agreement, the payment of a share of the Net Profits to the other Party does not constitute a
royalty under this definition. Actual Cost of Goods Sold shall be calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles. For
the avoidance of doubt, (A) any Losses hereunder, (B) any Capital Expenditures, (C) any costs or expenses associated with the Parties 
activities directed to the development or scale up of technologies necessary for the manufacture of any Product, (D) any losses
in excess of the amount that the JSC has agreed to be greater than generally expected ( i.e. , for theft, spillage, etc.)
for the applicable Product, (E) any losses related to manufacturing or batch failures, which failures shall be the sole responsibility
of Amyris, (F) any depreciation expense, rent, leaseback fees, and similar costs in excess of $[*] in the aggregate per year for
the existing BROTAS facility or any depreciation expense, rent, leaseback fees, and similar costs for any new facility (including
without limitation the proposed BROTAS2 facility), and (G) any amounts determined by the JSC that should not be included in ACOGS
for the applicable Product, and (H) fees and royalties under Section 2.3(g) herein shall be excluded from the calculation of Actual
Cost of Goods Sold, and the applicable Party will calculate the Actual Cost of Goods for Products under this Agreement in the manner
at least as favorable to Ginkgo as compared with other Amyris products not subject to this Agreement. In the event that a Party
uses a Third Party contract manufacturing organization (  CMO  ) for the manufacturing of a Product in accordance
with the terms hereof, the Actual Cost of Goods Sold for such Product shall be equal to the pricing paid by the applicable Party
to such Third Party CMO attributable solely to the manufacture of such Product. 

1.4             
  Affiliate   means, as to a Person, any entity which, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or
is under common control with such Person. For the purposes of this definition,  control  refers to any of the following:
(a) direct or indirect ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting securities entitled to vote for the election
of directors or managers in the case of a corporation or limited liability company, or of fifty percent (50%) or more of the equity
interest 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

with the power to direct management in the case
of any other type of legal entity; (b) status as a general partner in any partnership; or (c) any other arrangement where
an entity possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to direct the management or policies of another entity, whether through
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

1.5             
  Amyris Customer Agreement   means any agreement between Amyris and a customer entered into during the
Term pertaining to the development, improvement and/or manufacturing of one or more chemical small molecule compounds in the Field
other than (a) the agreement between Amyris and [*]; (b) any agreement with a Governmental Entity; (c) agreements related
to the [*]; and (d) the agreements listed on   Exhibit 1.5  . [*]. 

1.6             
  Average Selling Price   means, with respect to a Product sold by a Party, the aggregate net sales price per
unit (such as a kilogram) of said Product for all items, instances, or increments of such Product by all customers of the Party,
excluding any Incentive Payments related to such Product. Average Selling Price shall be calculated in accordance with the Accounting
Principles. 

1.7             
  Background Intellectual Property   means, with respect to a given Party (i) any and all information and inventions,
and all Intellectual Property rights therein or pertaining thereto, including all Intellectual Property in the Strains, that are
in existence and Controlled by such Party or its Affiliates at the beginning of the Term and that are necessary, required or actually
used in the development, manufacture and/or commercialization of any Product under this Agreement, and (ii) such Party s
Included Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property. Background Intellectual Property excludes Foreground Intellectual Property, Foundry
Intellectual Property and Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

1.8             
  Business Day   means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday or other day on which banking institutions located
in New York, New York, USA are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close. 

1.9             
  Calendar Quarter   means a calendar quarter ending on the last day of March, June, September or December. 

1.10         
  Calendar Year   means a period of time commencing on January 1 and ending on the following December 31. 

1.11         
  Capital Expenditures   means the funds used by a Party to acquire or upgrade fixed or physical assets, including
property, industrial buildings, or equipment, including without limitation any costs associated with the Parties  activities
directed to the development of technologies necessary for the manufacture of any Product. Capital Expenditures shall be calculated
in accordance with the Accounting Principles. 

1.12         
  Change in Control   means, with respect to a Party, an event in which: (a) any Third Party not then beneficially
owning more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the outstanding securities of such Party acquires or otherwise becomes
the beneficial owner of securities of such Party representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the then-outstanding
securities of such Party with respect to the election of the board of directors, board of managers or similar governing body; or
(b) such Party consummates a merger, consolidation or similar transaction with a Third Party where the voting securities of
such Party outstanding immediately preceding such transaction represent less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of such
Party or surviving entity, as the case may be, immediately following such transaction; or (c) such Party sells all or substantially
all of its assets relating to this Agreement to a Third Party. 

1.13         
  Control   of Intellectual Property means that the applicable party has the rights necessary to grant the rights
and licenses granted or to be granted in this Agreement, whether by ownership or otherwise, without breaching any Third Party obligation
included in an agreement set forth on   Exhibit  1.13  , which may be updated from time to time by agreement of
the Parties. For clarity, any new restriction on Control after the Effective Date (and therefore any addition to   Exhibit
1.13  ), whether pursuant to a Customer Agreement or an agreement of a Party excluded from this Collaboration, requires approval
by the JSC, which approval, solely in regards to a Customer Agreement, may be provided by virtue of joint approval of a Customer
Agreement pursuant to Article IV. 

1.14         
  Customer Agreement   means any agreement between one or more of the Parties and a Third Party for the development,
manufacture, and/or commercialization of a Strain or a Product. 

1.15         
  Earned Incentive Payments   means any Incentive Payments under a Customer Agreement in effect prior to the Effective
Date, which Incentive Payments have been earned prior to the Effective Date or are reasonably expected to be earned during the
term of such Customer Agreement. 

1.16         
  Executive Committee   means a committee comprised of the Chief Executive Officers of each of Ginkgo and Amyris
(or a senior executive officer of Ginkgo or Amyris designated by such Chief Executive Officers). 

1.17         
  Field   means activities related to the development, scale-up, and manufacture of a chemical small molecule
compound(s) whose manufacture is enabled at least in part by the use of microbial strains and fermentation technologies. 

1.18         
  Flavors and Fragrances Market   means the worldwide market for individual ingredient(s), including the ingredient(s),
flavor(s) and/or fragrance(s), whose intended or primary functionality (individually or as part of a blend with auxiliary materials)
is to: (a) impart, modify, boost or enhance a desirable scent or odor, in consumer and industrial grade products (including, without
limitation, fine fragrances, cosmetics, toiletries, home and body care, detergents, repellants, fertilizers, air fresheners and
soaps); and (b) impart, modify, boost or enhance a desirable taste, flavor or sensation, or to conceal, modify or minimize an undesirable
taste, flavor or sensation, in materials designed for consumption (including food, beverages, drugs, tobacco and any animal feed). 

1.19         
  Force Majeure Event   means, with respect to a Party, an event, act, occurrence, condition or state of facts,
in each case outside the reasonable control of such Party (which may include acts of God, acts of any government, any rules, regulations
or orders issued by any governmental authority or by any officer, department, agency or instrumentality thereof, fire, storm, flood,
earthquake, accident, war, rebellion, insurrection, riot, terrorism and invasion) that interferes with the normal business operations
of such Party. 

1.20         
  Foreground Intellectual Property   means, with respect to a given Party, any and all information and inventions,
and all Intellectual Property rights therein or pertaining thereto, including all Intellectual Property in the Strains and the
Products, that have been or are conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made or obtained by or on behalf of either Party
or its Affiliates or jointly by or on behalf of the Parties or their Affiliates in the performance of any activities under this
Agreement and Controlled by either Party or its Affiliates, and, in each case, all Intellectual Property rights therein or pertaining
thereto, and excludes Foundry Intellectual Property (that is not Overlapping Process Intellectual Property), and Non-Collaboration
Intellectual Property. 

1.21         
  Foundry Intellectual Property   means any and all information and inventions, which information or inventions
relate to the design and genetic engineering, measurement or analysis of microbial host cells, and all Intellectual
Property rights therein or pertaining thereto and excludes (i) [*] , (ii) analytical methods related to [*] and (iii) any Non-Collaboration
Intellectual Property. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

1.22         
  GAAP   means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied between years in the normal
course of business. 

1.23         
  Ginkgo Customer Agreement   means any agreement between Ginkgo and a customer entered into during the Term pertaining
to the manufacturing of one or more chemical small molecule compound(s) in the Field where such customer requires third party manufacturing
of such chemical small molecule compound(s) other than: (a) any agreement between Ginkgo and a Governmental Entity, (b) certain
aspects of existing Ginkgo agreements with both [*] (related to the scale-up and manufacture of [*]) and [*] (related to the scale-up
and manufacture of [*]), and (c) the agreements listed in   Exhibit 1.23  . For the avoidance of doubt, Ginkgo Customer
Agreements exclude agreements between Ginkgo and a Third Party under which such parties are engaged in the development of strains
or strain improvements only ( i.e. , the agreement does not contemplate the industrial scale manufacture of chemical small
molecule compounds). 

1.24         
  Governmental Entity   means any instrumentality, subdivision, court, administrative agency, commission, official
or other authority of any country, state, province, prefect, municipality, locality or other government or political subdivision
thereof, or any quasi-governmental, private body or arbitral body exercising any executive, legislative, judicial, quasi-judicial,
regulatory, taxing, importing, administrative or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority. 

1.25         
  Incentive Payments   means any fees and/or milestone payments under a Customer Agreement. 

1.26         
  Included Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property   means Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property of a Party
that such Party has used or offers for the other Party to use for the development, manufacture and/or commercialization of any
Product under this Agreement. 

1.27         
  Independent Accounting Firm   means an independent certified public accounting firm that is one of the six (6)
largest, by revenue, accounting firms in the United States and is approved by both Parties (such approval not to be unreasonably
withheld). 

1.28         
  Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement   means the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement, dated June 28,
2016, by and between Amyris and Ginkgo. 

1.29         
  Intellectual Property   means any and all rights in data, discoveries, goodwill, information and inventions,
specifically including each of copyright, know-how, patent, and trade secret rights and any documents or materials that may embody,
incorporate, or utilize them. 

1.30         
  Isoprenoid   means [*] 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

[*]. 

1.31         
  Isoprenoid Strain   means [*]. 

1.32         
  Law   means any law, statute, common law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code or other pronouncement having the
effect of law, of any federal, national, multinational, state, provincial, county, city or other political subdivision, including,
as applicable: (a) good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good clinical practices and all other rules, regulations
and requirements of any applicable Governmental Entities; (b) the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any
comparable laws in any country; (c) the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and (d) all export control laws. 

1.33         
  Net Profits   means, with respect to a Product, the number of units of Product sold multiplied by the difference
between the (a) the Average Selling Price for such Product and (b) the product of (i) 1.1 and (ii) the Actual Cost of Goods Sold
for such Product. Net Profits shall be calculated in accordance with the Accounting Principles. In the event such difference is
a negative number, then such Net Profits shall equal zero. 

1.34         
  Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property   means, with respect to a Party, any Intellectual Property created
(whether as of or following the Effective Date) outside the scope of this Agreement, including (i) the Intellectual Property listed
on   Exhibit 1.34  , (ii) all Intellectual Property granted to Amyris pursuant to (a), (b) and (c) from the definition
of  Amyris Customer Agreement , (iii) any Intellectual Property arising out of Excluded Products, and (iv) any Intellectual
Property related to pharmaceuticals, including without limitation Amyris   microPharm  platform;  provided 
that Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property shall not include any Intellectual Property of a Party that such Party has used or
voluntarily includes for the development, manufacture and/or commercialization of any Product under this Agreement. Any such use
or voluntary inclusion will render the relevant Intellectual Property a part of Included Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property.
For clarity, any of Amyris  Intellectual Property related to pharmaceuticals and/or Amyris   micropharm 
work is excluded from this Agreement, unless such Intellectual Property related to pharmaceuticals and/or Amyris   micropharm 
work is voluntarily provided to Ginkgo by Amyris. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

1.35         
  Non-Isoprenoid   means [*]. 

1.36         
  Non-Isoprenoid Strain   means [*]. 

1.37         
  Overlapping Process Intellectual Property   means the Intellectual Property rights pertaining to analytical
methods related to small molecule end product and side-product detection and purity determination for the purposes of product quality
and suitability in the intended application, as well as scale-down fermentation methods and compositions including microtiter
plates, flasks and fermenters of less than [*] in volume, as required for successful development of a commercial process for production.
Overlapping Process Intellectual Property excludes Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property. 

1.38         
  Patent Filing   includes any application or patent, whether provisional or nonprovisional, filed and/or granted
anywhere in the world. 

1.39         
  Patent Lead   is the Party that has ultimate decision making authority with respect to patent prosecution strategy
and is responsible for filing, prosecution, and maintenance of patents, including any related interference, re-issuance, re-examination,
opposition,  inter partes  review, or post grant review proceedings. 

1.40         
  Permitted Subcontractor   means an Affiliate or a Third Party to which a Party may subcontract portions of the
activities allocated to it under a Technical Development Plan or any other Product development plan in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement. 

1.41         
  Person   means any natural person, general or limited partnership, corporation, limited liability company, limited
liability partnership, firm, association or organization or other legal entity. 

1.42         
  Prior Confidentiality Agreement   means the Mutual Confidential Disclosure Agreement, dated May 11, 2016, by
and between Amyris and Ginkgo, as amended. 

1.43         
  Priority Access   means being provided with the right to first access when taking into account lead times and
reasonably balancing capacity with utilization, including any access required to meet requirements or other obligations under Customer
Agreements, unless otherwise approved by the JSC 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions.. 

1.44         
  Process Intellectual Property   means any and all information and inventions, which information or inventions
relate to fermentation methods for making compounds using genetically modified host cells, recovery of such chemical small molecule
compound(s) from fermentation broth (or other media), purification of such chemical small molecule compound(s) isolated from fermentation
broth (or other media), finishing of such chemical small molecule compound(s) isolated from fermentation broth (or other media)
and all Intellectual Property rights therein or pertaining thereto. 

1.45         
  Product   means an ingredient created pursuant to a Ginkgo Customer Agreement or an Amyris Customer Agreement,
and any other ingredient listed on Tables 1 through 4 on   Exhibit  6.2(a)  . 

1.46         
  Program   means a program to develop, manufacture, commercialize and/or sell Products for a single customer
under this Agreement. 

1.47         
  Strain   means [*] 

1.48         
  Strain Intellectual Property   means [*]. 

1.49         
  Third Party   means any Person other than a Party or its Affiliates. 

1.50         
 Construction .  In construing this Agreement, unless expressly specified otherwise: 

(a)                
references to Articles, Sections and Exhibits are to articles and sections of, and exhibits to, this Agreement;  

(b)               
except where the context otherwise requires, use of either gender includes any other gender, and use of the singular includes the
plural and vice versa;  

(c)                
headings and titles are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement;  

(d)               
any list or examples following the word  including ,  include  or  includes  shall be interpreted
without limitation to the generality of the preceding words;  

(e)                
except where the context otherwise requires, the word  or  is used in the inclusive sense;  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

(f)                
the terms  hereof ,  hereto ,  hereby ,  herein  and  hereunder  and
words of similar import when used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
Agreement;  

(g)               
the term  extent  in the phrase  to the extent  means the degree to which a subject or other thing extends,
and such phrase does not mean simply  if   

(h)               
except where the context otherwise requires,  will  means  shall   

(i)                 
references to an agreement or instrument mean such agreement or instrument as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented
(subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein);  

(j)                 
references to a Person are also to its successors, heirs and permitted assigns;  

(k)               
except if Business Days are specified,  day  or  days  refers to calendar days;  

(l)                 
if a period of time is specified and dates from a given day or Business Day, or the day or Business Day of an act or event, it
is to be calculated exclusive of that day or Business Day;   

(m)             
 monthly  means on a calendar month basis;  

(n)               
 quarter  or  quarterly  means on a Calendar Quarter basis;  

(o)               
 annual  or  annually  means on a Calendar Year basis;  

(p)               
 year  means a three hundred sixty-five (365) day period unless Calendar Year is specified;  

(q)               
references to a Law include any amendment or modification to such Law and any rules or regulations issued thereunder, whether such
amendment or modification is made, or issuance of such rules or regulations occurs, before or, only with respect to events or developments
occurring or actions taken or conditions existing after the date of such amendment, modification or issuance, after the Effective
Date, but only to the extent such amendment or modification, to the extent it occurs after the date hereof, does not have a retroactive
effect;  

(r)                 
all references to  Dollars  or  $  herein shall mean U.S. Dollars;   

(s)                
a capitalized term not defined herein but reflecting a different part of speech than a capitalized term which is defined herein
shall be interpreted in a correlative manner;   

(t)                 
any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement,
instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such
amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein); and  

(u)               
each Party represents that it has been represented by legal counsel in connection with this Agreement and acknowledges that it
has participated in the drafting hereof.  In interpreting and applying the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Parties
agree that no presumption will apply against the Party which drafted such terms and provisions.  

Article
II.     LICENSES   

2.1             
 Technology Transfer . 

(a)                
The Parties hereby confirm that, pursuant to the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement, Amyris has provided Ginkgo with access
to certain Intellectual Property owned or Controlled by Amyris, including, without limitation, certain Foundry Intellectual Property
(the   ISPA Intellectual Property  ). For clarity, the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement itself did not
obligate Amyris to provide Ginkgo access to any updates and/or modifications to the ISPA Intellectual Property; any and all obligations
to update are solely as set forth in this Agreement.  

(b)               
Amyris shall provide Ginkgo any Intellectual Property that is necessary or has a material benefit for Ginkgo to engineer and develop
robust strains that scale up to commercial production of Product(s) under this Agreement and that has not already been provided
to Ginkgo under the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement; Amyris commits to continue providing such access throughout the Term,
including updates and modifications to such Intellectual Property (including the ISPA Intellectual Property) for the purposes of
Ginkgo performing its obligations under this Agreement (including without limitation to the full extent necessary or useful under
this Agreement, and specifically to facilitate strain design, engineering, production, and small scale fermentation by Ginkgo under
this Agreement). For clarity, Amyris shall not provide Foundry Intellectual Property or Overlapping Process Intellectual Property
to Ginkgo that (i) is not owned or Controlled by Amyris or (ii) is not necessary or does not have a material benefit for Ginkgo
to engineer and develop robust strains that scale to commercial production of Product(s) under this Agreement. For clarity and
notwithstanding anything to Section 1.5 to the contrary, Amyris shall not be obligated to provide ASE or Foundry Intellectual Property
developed under the Amyris DARPA Agreement to Ginkgo under this Section 2.1(b) unless otherwise determined by the JSC.   

(c)                
Ginkgo shall provide Amyris with access to the Intellectual Property licensed by Ginkgo to Amyris pursuant to this Article II,
including the current stable and best performing version of any Strain; Ginkgo commits to continue providing such access throughout
the Term, including updates and modifications to such Intellectual Property for the purposes of Amyris performing its obligations
under this Agreement (including without limitation to the full extent necessary or useful under this Agreement, and specifically
to facilitate scale up, manufacture and commercialization of Products by Amyris under this Agreement). For clarity, Ginkgo shall
not provide Foundry Intellectual Property to Amyris, unless mutually agreed to in writing by the Parties.  

2.2             
 Inventions . Subject to the value sharing provisions provided in Article VI, the Parties agree to the following: 

(a)                
 Inventorship . The determination of inventorship for any invention which arises in connection with performance of activities
conducted under this Agreement ( i.e. ,   

Foreground Intellectual Property and Foundry Intellectual
Property) shall be made in accordance with the patent laws of the United States. Should any dispute arise with respect to determination
of inventorship, the JSC shall attempt in good faith to resolve the dispute. In the event that the JSC is unable to resolve such
dispute within thirty (30) days after receipt of notice of the dispute, such dispute will be resolved by independent patent counsel
not engaged or regularly employed in the past two (2) years by either Party and reasonably acceptable to both Parties. The decision
of such independent patent counsel will be binding on the Parties. Expenses of such patent counsel will be shared equally by the
Parties. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall change or modify a Party s ownership of its Background
Intellectual Property or any of its Foundry Intellectual Property that exists as of the Effective Date. 

(b)               
 Ownership and Control .  

(i)                 
 Foreground IP and Overlapping Process IP . (A) Foreground Intellectual Property that is Process Intellectual Property (and
that is not Strain Intellectual Property) and (B) Overlapping Process Intellectual Property, regardless of inventorship, in each
case, are and will be owned and Controlled by Amyris. Ginkgo agrees to assign, and hereby does assign, to Amyris any and all rights
in and to such Foreground Intellectual Property and such Overlapping Process Intellectual Property, including any and all rights
in any patent filings and/or rights of priority to such patent filings, that claim such Foreground Intellectual Property or such
Overlapping Process Intellectual Property. Foreground Intellectual Property, other than Process Intellectual Property and Overlapping
Process Intellectual Property but including Strain Intellectual Property, regardless of inventorship, is and will be owned and
Controlled jointly by the Parties.  

(ii)               
 Foundry IP . As between the Parties, ownership and Control of Foundry Intellectual Property (and that is not Overlapping
Process Intellectual Property) created in the performance of any activities under this Agreement will be determined according to
inventorship as set forth in Section 2.2(b)(iii). Any Foundry Intellectual Property owned by a Party prior to the Effective Date
shall continue to be owned by such Party.  

(iii)             
 Ownership according to Inventorship . For clarity, ownership  determined according to inventorship  means that,
as between the Parties, any invention (and any Patent Filing with claims to that invention) made by one or more inventors from
Ginkgo and no inventors from Amyris is and will be owned and Controlled by Ginkgo; any invention (and any Patent Filing with claims
to that invention) made by one or more inventors from Amyris and no inventors from Ginkgo is and will be owned and Controlled by
Amyris; any invention (and any Patent Filing with claims to that invention) made by one or more inventors from Ginkgo together
with one or more inventors from Amyris is and will be owned jointly by Ginkgo and Amyris.   

(c)                
 Patent Lead . For any Patent Filing which arises in connection with performance of activities conducted under this Agreement
and, as between the Parties, is solely owned or Controlled by one Party, that Party is Patent Lead for that Patent Filing. For
any Patent Filing which arises in connection with the performance of activities conducted under this Agreement and that is jointly
owned and Controlled by the Parties, the JSC will designate a Patent   

Lead. In accordance with the previous sentence,
it is expected that the JSC will designate Amyris as Patent Lead for all Foreground Intellectual Property that is Process Intellectual
Property, for all Overlapping Process Intellectual Property, [*], and will designate Ginkgo as Patent Lead for all Foreground Intellectual
Property that is primarily related to a [*] and for all Foundry Intellectual Property that arises as a result of performance under
this Agreement. Any disputes as to which Party will be designated as the Patent Lead will be resolved by the JSC. 

(i)                 
 Responsibilities . The Patent Lead shall be responsible for preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of patents,
including any related interference, re-issuance, re-examination, opposition,  inter partes  review, or post grant review proceedings,
and shall give the other Party at least five (5) days  notice prior to filing an application for a patent hereunder for any
Foundry Intellectual Property, unless filing sooner is necessary to avert an impending loss of patent rights. The other Party shall
be permitted but not obliged to provide input to the Patent Lead on the determination of whether and where to seek patent protection
and shall assist the Patent Lead. The Patent Lead shall consider any suggestions timely provided by the other Party in good faith,
and, for any jointly-owned and Controlled Intellectual Property, the Patent Lead shall implement such suggestions or provide a
reasonable explanation for a decision not to implement them. Each Party shall provide the status of jointly-owned Patent Filings
to the other party on a quarterly basis.  

(ii)               
 Costs . The Patent Lead shall bear all costs associated with the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of patents
which arise in connection with the performance of activities conducted under this Agreement, including any related interference,
re-issuance, re-examination, opposition,  inter partes  review, or post grant review proceedings unless the JSC determines
otherwise.   

(d)               
 Enforcement .   

(i)                 
Subject to Section (ii) below, each Party has an independent right to assert any Foreground Intellectual Property or Foundry Intellectual
Property that it solely owns or Controls. Should either Party become aware of any infringement of any jointly owned Intellectual
Property (A) during the Term, it will promptly notify the JSC which will determine whether the jointly owned Intellectual Property
should be asserted against the particular alleged infringer and develop an enforcement strategy or (B) after the Agreement has
been terminated, it will promptly notify the other Party and the Parties will work together to jointly determine whether the jointly-owned
Intellectual Property should be asserted against the particular alleged infringer and develop an enforcement strategy.  

(ii)               
Each Party has a perpetual option to assert Intellectual Property of the other Party (the option-granting party) (A) that is owned
or Controlled by such other Party or (B) that is licensed under this Agreement, in each case, in a proceeding against any Third
Party who has brought or threatened to bring an action against the option-holding Party, or against any Intellectual Property owned
or Controlled by the option-holding Party. For clarity, this Section 2.2(d)(ii) does not constitute a license to practice such
Intellectual Property of such other Party.  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

(iii)             
Whenever one Party is exercising a right to assert Intellectual Property hereunder, the other Party hereby agrees to be named in,
or otherwise join, initiate or perform, any such assertion or Action if necessary for standing or otherwise to ensure that the
asserting Party can effect the assertion. If the other Party should be required to be so named or otherwise join, initiate or otherwise
facilitate an assertion, then the option-holding Party will pay all reasonable costs associated with such naming, joining or assertion.

(iv)             
Any royalties, damage awards, or other payments resulting from any assertion of Intellectual Property hereunder shall first be
applied to recover all reasonable costs incurred by the asserting Party in pursuing the assertion or such costs of both Parties
if the Intellectual Property is jointly asserted, and thereafter shall be shared between the Parties in such amounts as determined
by the JSC subject to the guiding principles that (i) to the extent that such royalties, damage awards or other payments relate
to a Product or jointly owned Intellectual Property, they shall be shared between the Parties in accordance with the terms herein
applicable to sharing of Net Profits related to such Product; (ii) to the extent that such royalties, damage awards or other payments
relate to products or operations outside the scope of this Agreement or Intellectual Property that is not licensed under this Agreement,
they shall be retained one hundred percent (100%) by the Party owning or Controlling the asserted Intellectual Property (or split
50%/50% if the Intellectual Property is jointly owned or Controlled); and (iii) to the extent that such royalties, damage awards
or other payments relate to punitive awards, they shall be retained one hundred percent (100%) by the asserting Party or split
50%/50% if the Intellectual Property is jointly asserted by both Parties.   

(v)               
Whenever a Party wishes to or does assert Intellectual Property of the other Party, the asserting Party will consult with and consider
in good faith all recommendations from the other Party regarding the assertion.   

(vi)             
Each Party will have the first right, but not the obligation, at its sole expense, to control the defense of any claim by a Third
Party, including any defenses or counterclaims, that any of such Party s Controlled Intellectual Property is invalid, unpatentable
or unenforceable. Each Party will have the first right, but not the obligation, at its sole expense, to control the settlement
and licensing of such Party s owned or Controlled Intellectual Property.  

2.3             
 Licenses  

(a)                
 License of IP .  

(i)                 
Amyris grants to Ginkgo, as of the effective date of the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement, a royalty-free, fully paid-up,
sublicensable, non-exclusive, perpetual ( i.e.,  surviving any termination and extending after the Term) license under any
of its (A) Foundry Intellectual Property that is provided pursuant to Section 2.1 of this Agreement and (B) Overlapping Process
Intellectual Property that is provided pursuant to Section 2.1 of this Agreement or that is invented in whole or in part by Ginkgo.
For clarity, such licenses shall survive termination (regardless of basis) under Section 7.2.   

For further clarity, the license provided
in this Section 2.3.(a)(i) with respect to Foundry Intellectual Property and Overlapping Process Intellectual Property includes,
but is not limited to, any and all Foundry Intellectual Property and Overlapping Process Intellectual Property that was included
in the ISPA Intellectual Property, and also any updates and/or modification thereto that Amyris provided pursuant to Section 2.1(b). 

(ii)               
Subject to the value-sharing provisions in Article VI, each Party hereby grants to the other Party, as of the effective date of
the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement, a royalty-free, fully paid-up, sublicensable (only as provided in Section 2.3(b)),
non-exclusive license to its Background Intellectual Property and its Foreground Intellectual Property within the Field for the
purpose of allowing such other Party to carry out relevant activities under this Agreement. For clarity, the license granted with
respect to Background Intellectual Property in this Section 2.3.(a)(ii) includes, but is not limited to, any and all Background
Intellectual Property that was included in the ISPA Intellectual Property  

(iii)             
Amyris perpetually ( i.e.,  surviving any termination and extending after the Term) covenants not to sue Ginkgo or its customers
with respect to Process Intellectual Property that is necessary or required for Ginkgo to exploit Foreground Intellectual Property
that relates to a Non-Isoprenoid Strain for products not subject to this Agreement, including such Intellectual Property that Amyris
provided Ginkgo access to pursuant to the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement.   

(b)               
 Sublicensing . If a Party enters into a sublicensing arrangement with a Third Party, such Party will ensure that such sublicense
will be consistent with the terms of this Agreement and such Party will be responsible for the actions of its sublicensees. Neither
Party may sublicense its rights related to the other Party s Background Intellectual Property or Foreground Intellectual
Property, other than to a customer pursuant to a Customer Agreement (in accordance with Article IV), without the prior written
consent of the licensing Party except that each Party may sublicense its rights to the other Party s Background Intellectual
Property or Foreground Intellectual Property to any Third Party manufacturer solely for the purpose of performing obligations under
this Agreement, including without limitation the manufacture of Refused Products, without the consent of the other Party.   

(c)                
 Rights of First Refusal . Upon termination of this Agreement, the Parties agree as follows:  

(i)                 
 From Amyris . Amyris grants to Ginkgo a royalty-free, sublicensable, fully paid-up, perpetual ( i.e.,  surviving any
termination and extending after the Term) license to its Background Intellectual Property and Foreground Intellectual Property
for the purposes of strain engineering and process development, scale-up and production within the Field with respect to the small
molecule compound identified below in (A), subject to the following conditions:   

(A)             
Ginkgo grants Amyris a right of first refusal (  ROFR  ) pursuant to the process described in Section 2.3(c)(iii)
for scale-up and production (including strain engineering and optimization but only if necessary for scale-up   

and production) for any new chemical small
molecule compound in the Field (other than an Excluded Product) developed by Ginkgo for a Third Party that requires third-party
manufacturing after the Term; 

(B)              
in the event Amyris declines to exercise its ROFR, such license shall be subject to the Supplier Restrictions;   

(C)              
if Amyris exercises its ROFR, the Net Profits will be split between the parties in accordance with Section 6.2(a)(i) as though
such molecule or ingredient were a  Product  hereunder; if Amyris declines its ROFR, then the Net Profits will be split
as though such molecule or ingredient were a  Refused Product  hereunder where such molecule or ingredient uses the
other Party s Intellectual Property that is licensed under this Agreement; and  

(D)             
Ginkgo provides prompt written notice to Amyris for any such small molecule compounds for which Ginkgo will provide a ROFR pursuant
to Section 2.3(c)(i)(A).  

(ii)               
 From Ginkgo . Ginkgo grants to Amyris a royalty-free, sublicensable, fully paid-up, perpetual ( i.e.,  surviving any
termination and extending after the Term) license to its Background Intellectual Property and Foreground Intellectual Property
for the purposes of strain engineering and process development, scale-up and production within the Field with respect to the small
molecule compound identified below in (A), subject to the following conditions:   

(A)             
Amyris grants Ginkgo a ROFR pursuant to the process described in Section 2.3(c)(iii) for strain engineering and small-scale process
development for any new chemical small molecule compound in the Field (other than an Excluded Product) with respect to which Amyris
proposes to develop for a Third Party after the Term;  

(B)              
in the event Ginkgo declines to exercise its ROFR, such license shall be subject to the Supplier Restrictions;  

(C)              
if Ginkgo exercises its ROFR, then Net Profits will be split between the parties in accordance with Section 6.2(a)(i) as though
such molecule or ingredient were a  Product  hereunder; if Ginkgo declines its ROFR, then the Net Profits will be split
as though such molecule or ingredient were a  Refused Product  hereunder where such molecule or ingredient uses the
other Party s Intellectual Property that is licensed under this Agreement; and  

(D)             
Amyris provides prompt written notice to Ginkgo for any such small molecule compounds for which Amyris will provide a ROFR pursuant
to Section 2.3(c)(ii)(A).  

(iii)             
 Rights of First Refusal Process .  

(A)             
If a Party receives a  bona fide  offer subject to the ROFR in Section 2.3(c)(i) or 2.3(c)(ii) (each, an   Offer  ),
and the Party receiving such offer (the   Developing Party  ) intends to accept such offer, the Developing Party
shall provide the other Party with written notice of such offer (a   ROFR Notice  ). The ROFR Notice shall identify
the Third Party making the Offer, the chemical small molecule compound, and all material terms and conditions of the Offer.  

(B)              
In the case of a ROFR Notice delivered by Amyris, such ROFR Notice shall constitute an exclusive offer by Amyris for Ginkgo to
conduct strain engineering and small-scale process development for the applicable new chemical small molecule compound. In the
case of a ROFR Notice delivered by Ginkgo, such ROFR Notice shall constitute an exclusive offer by Ginkgo for Amyris to conduct
for scale-up and production for the applicable new chemical small molecule compound. Any such offer shall remain open and irrevocable
until expiration of fifteen (15) days after receipt of such ROFR Notice by the other Party (the   Offer Period  ).
At any time prior to expiration of the Offer Period, the other Party shall have the right to accept the Developing Party s
offer set forth in the ROFR Notice by giving a written notice of acceptance to the Developing Party.  

(d)               
 Rights of First Refusal upon Certain Terminations . If this Agreement is terminated by a Party pursuant to Section 7.2(a),
Section 7.2(b), Section 7.2(c) or Section 7.2(d), neither Party has any further obligation to offer the other Party a ROFR as provided
under Sections 2.3(c)(i)(A) and 2.3(c)(ii)(A), and any new products of either Party pertaining to chemical small molecule compounds
in the Field which use the other Party s Intellectual Property that is licensed under this Agreement shall be treated as
a Refused Product hereunder. For clarity, nothing in this Section alters the licenses set forth in Section 2.3(c)(i) and 2.3(c)(ii).  

(e)                
 Escrows . Each Party agrees to maintain a Third Party escrow on the terms of the Escrow Agreement. Each Party shall update
its Third Party escrow whenever a new Product is commercialized and no less frequently than annually during the Term. Such Third
Party escrow shall include the applicable Party s commercial strains and protocols (including but not limited to materials
lists and media recipes), Standard Operating Procedures, detailed process descriptions, and process flow diagrams pertaining to
manufacturing of Products.  

(f)                
 No Payment of Third Party Royalties or Fees . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, none of the sublicenses granted
hereunder constitutes a covenant by the granting Party to pay any royalties or other fees that become due to a Third Party licensor
in respect of the practice of such Intellectual Property by the other Party.  Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, each
Party shall be responsible for any such royalty obligations or other fees resulting from its practice of any Intellectual Property
sublicensed to it, except as provided in Section 2.3(g).  For clarity, any fees (i) under the licensing agreement between Amyris
and [*]  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

[*] .  

(g)               
[*]  

(h)               
 No Other Licenses Granted . Other than as expressly provided for in this Agreement, no other licenses to any Intellectual
Property, including implied licenses, are granted between the Parties.  

(i)                 
 Third Party Obligations.  Each Party is responsible for identifying any Third Party obligations in its own agreements where
such Party does not have the rights necessary to grant the Intellectual Property rights and licenses granted or to be granted in
this Agreement ( i.e. , Intellectual Property that is not Controlled). The identifying Party will use commercially reasonable
efforts to remove such Third Party obligation(s) wherever possible and wherever no reasonable work-around solution exists that
would not require such Intellectual Property.  

2.4             
 Section 365(n) . 

(a)                
All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to any section of this Agreement, including all rights to sublicense, are, and
shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of Title 11 of the U.S. Code (the   Bankruptcy Code  ),
licenses of rights to  intellectual property  as defined in Section 101(35A) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Parties shall
retain and may fully exercise all of their respective rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code. Each Party agrees that the
other Party, to the extent that it is a licensee of such rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully exercise all of
its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code, and that upon commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding by or against one Party
under the Bankruptcy Code, the other Party shall be entitled to a complete duplicate of, or complete access to (as such other Party
deems appropriate), any such Intellectual Property and all embodiments of such Intellectual Property;  provided , that such
other Party continues to fulfill its obligations as specified herein in full. Such Intellectual Property and all embodiments thereof
shall be promptly delivered to the other Party (i) upon any such commencement of a bankruptcy  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

proceeding upon written request therefor by the
other Party, unless the Party subject to such bankruptcy proceeding elects to continue to perform all of its obligations under
this Agreement or (ii) if not delivered under (i) above, upon the rejection of this Agreement by or on behalf of the Party
subject to such bankruptcy proceeding, upon written request therefor by the other Party. The foregoing is without prejudice to
any rights that either Party may have arising under the Bankruptcy Code, other applicable Law, or this Agreement. 

(b)               
Nothing in this Section 2.4 shall be deemed any admission that this Agreement is an executory contract or that this Agreement or
any obligation hereunder is otherwise subject to rejection or disavowal in the bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization, receivership,
assignment for the benefit of creditors, administration, insolvency, or similar proceeding or circumstance (an   Insolvency
Proceeding  ) of any Party (the   Withdrawing Party  ), nor any admission that upon any such proceeding
or circumstance involving a Party, or upon any such rejection or disavowal by a Party, the other Party (or any sublicensee thereof)
would lose or not be able to enforce or benefit from any right hereunder (or under any applicable sublicense).  

(c)                
Each of the Parties agrees and acknowledges, as a licensor of Intellectual Property under this Agreement, in entering this Agreement
and granting the rights it respectively grants under this Agreement, and in its efforts to protect its own valuable Intellectual
Property, it has relied on the particular skills and business qualities of the other Party as recipient of such rights. Such skills
and business qualities include the expected future innovation of the other Party, and the particular market segments addressed
by the other Party in its business. Each of the Parties further agrees and acknowledges that upon the occurrence of any Insolvency
Proceeding, this Agreement is of the type described in Section 365(c)(1) and (e)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, and under any other
applicable Law, for such reasons.  

(d)               
In the event of an Insolvency Proceeding, the Party that is not the Withdrawing Party (the   Non-Withdrawing Party  )
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase the Withdrawing Party s interests hereunder (the   Withdrawing
Party s Interest  ), including any right to receive any future payments hereunder (whether for Net Profits, Incentive
Payments, or otherwise), any rights to exclusive ownership of any Intellectual Property that is owned jointly hereunder, and any
rights in the Withdrawing Party s Customer Agreements. The purchase price for the Withdrawing Party s Interest (the
  Withdrawing Purchase Price  ) shall be fair market value, where such fair market value takes into consideration
future amounts payable under this Agreement, as well as all the additional development and manufacturing costs for Products that
a Third Party with standard manufacturing capacity would bear alone (as opposed to splitting with the Withdrawing Party), and shall
be determined by the applicable bankruptcy court overseeing the Insolvency Proceeding. In the event the Non-Withdrawing Party desires
to exercise to purchase the Withdrawing Party s Interest for the Withdrawing Purchase Price, the Non-Withdrawing Party shall
deliver a written notice to the Withdrawing Party indicating the desire to exercise such right and setting a closing date for consummation
of the purchase of the Withdrawing Party s Interest, which closing date shall be no earlier than seventy-five (75) days after
the date of such notice (the   Withdrawal Date  ). Payment of the Withdrawing Purchase Price shall be made in
cash on the Withdrawal Date unless the parties agree otherwise, and, upon the Withdrawal Date, the Withdrawing Party shall, and
hereby does, assign all Intellectual Property that is owned jointly hereunder to the Non-Withdrawing Party, and the Withdrawing
Party further agrees to take all   

action and execute all documents in order to effectuate
the transfer of the Withdrawing Party s Interest to the Non-Withdrawing Party thereafter. 

Article
III.                      
     COVENANTS   

3.1             
 Obligations of Amyris . Amyris agrees to do the following: 

(a)                
 Paying Agent Agreement . As soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof, but no later than five (5) calendar days
following the Effective Date, Amyris and Citibank, N.A. (the   Paying Agent  ) shall deliver to Ginkgo counterpart
signature pages to the Paying Agent Agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as   Exhibit 3.1(a)   (the   Paying
Agent Agreement  ).  

(b)               
 Amendment to Third Party Agreements . As of the Effective Date, Amyris shall have a plan mutually agreed upon by the Parties
in place for amending all Customer Agreements to require payments thereunder (other than Incentive Payments) to be delivered to
the Paying Agent, which plan Amyris shall follow in order to complete as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date.  

3.2             
 Obligations of Ginkgo . Ginkgo agrees to do the following: 

(a)                
 Paying Agent Agreement . As soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof, but no later than five (5) calendar days
following the Effective Date, Ginkgo and the Paying Agent shall deliver to Amyris counterpart signature pages to the Paying Agent
Agreement.  

Article
IV.                      
     OPERATIONS   

4.1             
 New Customers . The Parties shall collaborate to source prospective Customer Agreements in accordance with the guidelines
set forth by the Antitrust Committee; however, neither Party may enter into a proposed Ginkgo Customer Agreement or proposed Amyris
Customer Agreement during the Term except in compliance with the terms herein. The applicable Party shall attempt to determine
each prospective product to be developed under a proposed Customer Agreement (each, a   Prospective Product  )
and, for such Prospective Product, the target costs, estimated annual market volume, product specifications, and chemistry of such
Prospective Product. Thereafter, such Party shall cross-check the prospective customer and the Prospective Product against the
Excluded Products list in Table 5 on   Exhibit  6.2(a)  , as may be amended from time to time. If the Prospective
Product is on such list, or if the Prospective Product is already being developed, manufactured, or commercialized pursuant to
an existing Customer Agreement under terms that would restrict one or both of the Parties from entering into such proposed Customer
Agreement, then the Prospective Product shall be abandoned and the proposed Customer Agreement shall be amended to remove any obligations
related to a Prospective Product; otherwise, if one or more Prospective Products are permitted under a proposed Customer Agreement,
such proposed Customer Agreement shall be referred to the JSC. The JSC, or a designated Subcommittee, shall draft a technical development
plan for each Prospective Product under a proposed Customer Agreement based on the form attached hereto as   Exhibit 
4.1   (each, a   Technical Development Plan  ), which shall be drafted in good faith by one or more appointees
of the JSC based on the most-recent information available at the time of the drafting of such Technical Development Plan. Each
Technical Development Plan shall be submitted to the JSC, 

which may request amendments to the Technical
Development Plan or approve such Technical Development Plan in accordance with Section 4.2. 

4.2             
 Approval of Technical Development Plan . 

(a)                
 Joint Approval . If the JSC or the Executive Committee approves the Technical Development Plan, the applicable proposed Ginkgo
Customer Agreement or proposed Amyris Customer Agreement shall be executed and the development, manufacture, and commercialization
of each remaining Product under such Customer Agreement shall be considered a Program hereunder, and Table 1 on   Exhibit 6.2(a)  
shall be updated to include such Product and the relevant additional information specified therein.   

(b)               
 Single Party Approval . If the JSC and Executive Committee are unable to approve a Technical Development Plan, but one Party
approves the Technical Development Plan, the applicable proposed Ginkgo Customer Agreement or Amyris Customer Agreement may be
executed, and the product thereunder shall be considered a Refused Product under this Agreement.   

(c)                
 No Approval . If the JSC and Executive Committee are unable to approve a Technical Development Plan, and neither Party wishes
to pursue such Technical Development Plan, such Technical Development Plan and the proposed Ginkgo Customer Agreement or proposed
Amyris Customer Agreement shall be abandoned.  

4.3             
 Capital Expenditures . Except as provided herein, each Party shall be responsible for its Capital Expenditures required for
the development, manufacture and commercialization of Products under this Agreement. 

4.4             
 Manufacturing . Amyris shall expand its production facilities (the   BROTAS2 Facility  ) to enable production
of Products hereunder, and Amyris shall consult Ginkgo in connection with such expansion and shall consider any of Ginkgo s
comments or concerns in good faith. Products shall have Priority Access to manufacturing capacity at any of Amyris  manufacturing
facilities. If Amyris is, as determined by the JSC in good faith, unable to meet scale-up needs, production needs, or timelines
for Products for technical reasons or other reasons, then (i) Amyris may manufacture as much of the Products as possible pursuant
to a manufacturing agreement to be entered into between Amyris and Ginkgo in accordance with the Amyris manufacturing terms set
forth on   Exhibit 4.4(a)  , and, with the approval of the JSC, Amyris may outsource to a Third Party to manufacture
any remaining Products in accordance with the Third Party manufacturing terms set forth on   Exhibit 4.4(b)   (the   Supplier
Restrictions  ) to meet such needs and timelines and until such time as Amyris is able to meet such needs and timelines
itself. Subject to approval of the JSC under the guiding principles that the Parties shall use reasonable efforts to attempt to
manufacture and commercialize a Product at the most efficient production location for such Product taking into account minimizing
Actual Cost of Goods Sold, the manufacturing location of other Products and/or Excluded Products, time and other relevant considerations,
Amyris reserves the right to utilize a CMO facility as the main and/or sole production site to manufacture one or more Products
including as a bundle with Excluded Products. Amyris shall take all reasonable steps to evaluate Strain performance prior to startup
of Product production. If a Product production issue is identified or is anticipated to result from the 

production Strain, Ginkgo will assist Amyris and
provide the technical resources needed to troubleshoot and resolve the issue.  

4.5             
 Cooperation . The Parties will reasonably cooperate in connection with the execution of any new Customer Agreement and the
development, manufacture, and commercialization of any new or existing Product hereunder including, without limitation, (a) Amyris
providing Ginkgo with its most up-to-date manufacturing cost models, which shall be updated at least once per Calendar Quarter
during the Term; (b) the Parties shall continue to establish and refine the template for technical development plans set forth
in   Exhibit 4.1   to this Agreement; and (c) the business development teams from each Party shall meet periodically,
and no less frequently than at least once per year, to discuss customer needs and market conditions pertaining to the Field and
consistent with the guidelines developed by the Antitrust Committee. 

Article
V.     GOVERNANCE   

5.1             
 Executive Committee.  The Executive Committee shall meet (a) at such times as required by this Agreement and (b) within ten
(10) days after the request of a Party for the Executive Committee to hold a meeting. Meetings of the Executive Committee shall
be effective only if at least one (1) representative of each Party is present or participating. The Executive Committee may meet
either (i) in person at either Party s facilities in the United States or at such locations as the Parties may otherwise
agree or (ii) by audio or video teleconference. 

5.2             
 Partnership Joint Steering Committee . 

(a)                
 Establishment .  The Parties shall maintain a four-person partnership steering committee (  JSC  )
that will have the responsibilities set forth in Section 5.2(b) hereof.  Amyris appoints, and shall be entitled to remove
solely at their discretion, two (2) representatives to the JSC: (x) Joel Cherry and (y) Chuck Kraft; and Ginkgo appoints,
and shall be entitled to remove solely at their discretion, two (2) representatives to the JSC: (A) Kevin Madden and (B) Herve
Garant.  Each Party s representatives and any substitute for a representative shall be bound by the obligations of confidentiality
set forth in Article X. The JSC shall be led by a chairperson (the   Chairperson  ), who shall not have any greater
authority than any other representative on the JSC, but shall be responsible for the following activities: (i) calling meetings
of the JSC and preparing; (ii) preparing an agenda for each meeting and including any items requested by a member of the JSC
on such agenda; (iii) preparing and issuing minutes of each such meeting within thirty (30) days thereafter; (iv) ensuring
that any decision-making delegated to the JSC is carried out in accordance with this Article V; and (v) preparing and circulating
an agenda for the upcoming meeting;  provided  that the Chairperson shall include any agenda items proposed by the other Party.
Each Chairperson shall serve for six (6) month terms and appointment of the Chairperson shall rotate between the Parties, with
Amyris appointing the first Chairperson. Each Party shall be free to change its representatives on notice to the other Party or
to send a substitute representative to any JSC meeting;  provided, however , that each Party shall ensure that at all times
during the existence of the JSC, its representatives on the JSC are appropriate in terms of expertise and seniority for the then-current
stage of development, manufacture or commercialization of the Products.  

(b)               
 Responsibilities .  The JSC shall have responsibility for:  (i) ensuring regular communication between the
Parties; (ii) ensuring the establishment of, and monitoring of progress of, Programs; (iii) monitoring, reviewing, and
reporting on the progress of any Products developed pursuant to this Agreement; and (iv) performing such other functions as
expressly set forth in this Agreement or appropriate to further the purposes of this Agreement, as mutually agreed upon by the
Parties in writing. The JSC has the authority to delegate any of these responsibilities as it sees fit. Each individual member
of the JSC shall be bound by the obligations of confidentiality set forth in Article X.  Each individual member of the JSC
shall not have any independent authority to act on behalf of the JSC unless such authority has been delegated to such individual
in advance by the JSC.  

5.3             
 Program Management Teams; Other Subcommittees .  The JSC shall establish a program management team (each, a   Program
Management Team  ) for each Program and a project management team (each, a  Project Management Team ) for
each Product under a Program (each, a  Project ) unless otherwise agreed by the JSC (and, for clarity, the JSC may
instead determine that there should be different Project Management Teams for early stage vs. late stage activities for a Product
under a Program, or any other approach approved by the JSC). The JSC shall designate a program lead (each, a   Program
Lead  ) from one Party and, if deemed appropriate by the JSC, a co-program lead (the   Co-Program  Lead )
from the other Party for each Program Management Team, who shall be responsible for monitoring each Program and reporting to the
JSC concerning status of each Program and the progress of any Products developed pursuant to this Agreement. The JSC shall also
designate a project lead (each, a   Project Lead  ) from one Party and, if deemed appropriate by the JSC, a co-project
lead (the   Co-Project  Lead ) from the other Party for each Project Management Team, who shall be responsible
for monitoring each Project under a Program and reporting to the JSC concerning status of each Project under a Program and the
progress of any Products developed pursuant to this Agreement. The Project Lead and Co-Project Lead shall use good faith efforts
to execute the applicable Project in accordance with its Technical Development Plan. The Project Lead for a given Project shall
be primarily responsible for (a) achieving any milestones under the Project; (b) commercializing the Product under a
given Project at scale; and (c) with reasonable consultation with the Co-Project Lead, developing and overseeing the Project,
including defining tasks, task dependencies and goals that leverage the capabilities of each Party to commercialize the Product
under the Program at scale;  provided , the Project Lead shall use commercially reasonable efforts to allocate early stage
development work and later stage scale-up and manufacturing work, in each case, as appropriate based on capabilities and capacity
of each Party with the intention of maximizing speed to market for the Product; and  provided, further,  that the Party that
is a party to the applicable Customer Agreement shall be solely responsible for interfacing with the customer of such Program (including,
without limitation, serving on any steering or similar committee under the applicable Customer Agreement for such Program). In
the event that there is a dispute concerning a Program between a Program Lead and a Co-Program Lead or a Project between a Project
Lead and a Co-Project Lead, the JSC shall attempt to resolve such dispute in good faith and, if the JSC is unable to do so, such
dispute shall be resolved in accordance with Section 5.6. The JSC may establish and disband such other subcommittees as deemed
necessary by the JSC (each, a   Subcommittee  ). Within 15 calendar days of the Effective Date, the JSC will establish
a Subcommittee responsible for handling all legal and intellectual property matters that may arise under the collaboration (  Legal
and Intellectual Property Subcommittee  ). The responsibilities of the Legal and Intellectual Property Subcommittee shall
include addressing all freedom-to-operate issues that 

arise during the course of the Term. Each Program
Management Team, Project Management Team and Subcommittee shall consist of the same number of representatives from each Party,
which number shall be mutually agreed by the JSC.  For the avoidance of doubt, either Party may designate the same representatives
to serve on multiple or all Program Management Teams (including as Program Lead and/or Co-Program Lead), Project Management Teams
(including as Project Lead and/or Co-Project Lead) or Subcommittees or on the JSC and any Program Management Team, Project Management
Team or Subcommittee. Each Party shall be free to change its representatives on notice to the other or to send a substitute representative
to any Program Management Team, Project Management Team or Subcommittee meeting;  provided, however , that (x) the JSC
shall be required to approve each Program Lead, Co-Program Lead, Project Lead and Co-Project Lead, and (y) each Party shall
ensure that at all times during the existence of any Program Management Team, Project Management Team or Subcommittee, its representatives
on such Program Management Team, Project Management Team or Subcommittee are appropriate in terms of expertise and seniority for
the then-current stage of the development, manufacture and commercialization of a Product under the given Program. Each Party s
representatives and any substitute for a representative shall be bound by the obligations of confidentiality set forth in Article
X.  No Program Management Team, Project Management Team or Subcommittee shall have the authority to bind the Parties hereunder
and each Program Management Team, Project Management Team or Subcommittee shall report to, and any decisions shall be made by,
the JSC. 

5.4             
 Committee Meetings .    The JSC and each of the Program Management Teams, Project Management Teams and Subcommittees
shall each hold at least one (1) meeting per Calendar Quarter at such times during such Calendar Quarter as the Chairperson elects
to do so.  Meetings of the JSC and each of the Program Management Teams, Project Management Teams or Subcommittees, respectively,
shall be effective only if at least one (1) representative of each Party is present or participating.  The JSC and each Program
Management Team, Project Management Team or Subcommittee may meet either (a) in person at either Party s facilities
in the United States or at such locations as the Parties may otherwise agree or (b) by audio or video teleconference;  provided 
that no less than one (1) JSC meeting during each Calendar Year shall be conducted in person.  Other representatives of each
Party involved with the relevant Programs or Projects may attend meetings as non-voting participants, subject to the confidentiality
provisions set forth in Article X.  Additional meetings of the JSC, Program Management Teams, Project Management Teams or
Subcommittees may also be held with the consent of each Party, and neither Party shall unreasonably withhold its consent to hold
such additional meetings, or as required under this Agreement.  Each Party shall be responsible for all of its own expenses
incurred in connection with participating in all such meetings, and such expenses shall not be included in the calculation of Actual
Cost of Goods Sold hereunder. 

5.5             
 Authority .  The JSC, each Program Management Team, each Project Management Team and each Subcommittee shall have only
the powers assigned expressly to it in this Article V and elsewhere in this Agreement, and shall not have any power to amend, modify
or waive compliance with this Agreement.  In furtherance thereof, each Party shall retain the rights, powers and discretion
granted to it under this Agreement and no such rights, powers or discretion shall be delegated or vested in the JSC or any Program
Management Team or any Project Management Team or Subcommittee unless such delegation or vesting of rights is expressly provided
for in this Agreement or the Parties expressly so agree in writing. 

5.6             
 Decisions . 

(a)                
 Initial Dispute Resolution Procedures .  Subject to the provisions of this Article V, actions to be taken by the JSC
and each of the Program Management Teams, Project Management Teams or Subcommittees shall be taken only following a unanimous vote,
with each Party (through its representatives) having one (1) vote.  If any Program Management Team, Project Management Team
or Subcommittee fails to reach consensus on a matter before it for decision for a period in excess of thirty (30) days, either
Party shall have the right to refer the matter to the JSC.  

(b)               
 Final Decision-Making . If the JSC fails to reach unanimous agreement on a matter properly before it for decision for a period
in excess of ten (10) days, the matter shall be referred to the Executive Committee. If the Executive Committee fails to reach
unanimous agreement on a matter before it for decision for a period in excess of ten (10) days, the matter shall be resolved in
accordance with Section 11.2;  provided , if the matter before the Executive Committee is approval of a Technical Development
Plan and the Executive Committee is unable to reach a consensus, the matter shall be resolved in accordance with Section 4.2.  

5.7             
 Conduct of Meetings; Future Adjustments in Governance .  

(a)                
Any meetings of the Executive Committee, JSC, a Program Management Team, a Project Management Team or a Subcommittee shall have
an agenda circulated in advance of such meeting. The Party responsible for preparing an agenda for any such meeting shall include
on the agenda any items suggested by the representatives of the other Party to be addressed at such meeting. Minutes will be taken
at each meeting by an individual appointed by the applicable committee, and circulated for review and approval of the same. Copies
of all final agendas and approved meeting minutes will be provided to each Party s legal counsel.   

(b)               
The Parties may at any time by mutual written agreement create or delete governance committees or subcommittees or make other modifications
to the governance structures contemplated by this Agreement in order to promote the efficient operation of the Programs and/or
the Projects.  

Article
VI.                      
     FINANCIAL PROVISIONS   

6.1             
 BROTAS2 Fee . Subject to Amyris fully funding and breaking ground on the BROTAS2 Facility by March 30, 2017, Ginkgo shall
pay to Amyris a non-refundable fee of $[*] on or before March 31, 2017. For clarity, the Parties agree that the term  breaking
ground  means that Amyris has completed the following items: (A) proof of adequate funding; (B) engineering plans and layout
plans generated by a licensed and reputable engineer have been completed (with a copy provided to Ginkgo); (C) all necessary easements
or real property acquisitions necessary for BROTAS2 Facility have been secured; (D) all necessary approvals from the relevant authorities
to begin construction have been obtained (with a copy of such approval(s) 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

provided to Ginkgo); and (E) Amyris has begun
actual digging in the earth to start the construction of BROTAS2 Facility. 

6.2             
 Sharing of Net Profits . 

(a)                
 Allocation of Net Profits and Incentive Payments .  

(i)                 
 New Contract for a Product . For any Products that are not Refused Products that are (A) developed under an Amyris Customer
Agreement or Ginkgo Customer Agreement or (B) listed on Table 1 in   Exhibit 6.2(a)  , Net Profits plus any Incentive
Payments for such Products under such Customer Agreement shall be allocated fifty percent (50%) to each of Amyris and Ginkgo until
the development, manufacture, and commercialization of such Products under such Customer Agreement are permanently discontinued.  

(ii)               
 Existing Contract for a New Product . For any Products listed on Table 2 in   Exhibit 6.2(a)  , Net Profits plus
any Incentive Payments less any Earned Incentive Payments for such Products under the applicable Customer Agreement shall be allocated
fifty percent (50%) to each of Amyris and Ginkgo until the development, manufacture, and commercialization of such Products under
such Customer Agreement are permanently discontinued. Earned Incentive Payments under a Customer Agreement for such Products shall
be allocated [*] to the Party indicated as  Sourcing Party  on such Table. Any extension after the Effective Date of
a Customer Agreement for a Product listed on Table 2 in   Exhibit  6.2(a)   (other than pursuant to the exercise
of a pre-existing renewal or extension option included in such Customer Agreement) shall be considered a new Customer Agreement
subject to Section 6.2(a)(i) hereof, unless such extension extends the term of the underlying Customer Agreement by no more than
six months from the termination date in effect on the Effective Date and does not otherwise materially alter the provisions of
such Customer Agreement.   

(iii)             
 Existing Contract for a Product Under Development . For any Products listed on Table 3 in   Exhibit  6.2(a)  ,
Net Profits plus any Incentive Payments less any Earned Incentive Payments for such Products under the applicable Customer Agreement
shall be allocated fifty percent (50%) to each of Amyris and Ginkgo until the development, manufacture, and commercialization of
such Products under such Customer Agreements are permanently discontinued. Earned Incentive Payments under a Customer Agreement
for such Products shall be allocated [*] to the Party indicated as  Sourcing Party  on Table 3 in   Exhibit 
6.2(a)  . Any extension after the Effective Date of a Customer Agreement listed on Table 3 in   Exhibit  6.2(a)  
(other than pursuant to the exercise of a pre-existing renewal or extension option included in such Customer Agreement) after the
Effective Date shall be considered a new Customer Agreement subject to Section 6.2(a)(i) hereof, unless such extension extends
the term of the underlying Customer Agreement by no more than six months from the termination date in effect on the Effective Date
and does not otherwise materially alter the provisions of such Customer Agreement. Any termination of a Customer Agreement listed
on Table 3 in   Exhibit  6.2(a)   after the Effective Date as a result of a conflict with a Customer Agreement of
the other Party shall result in the corresponding Customer Agreement of   

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

such other Party, and any Products thereunder,
being treated as a new Customer Agreement subject to Section 6.2(a)(i) thereafter. 

(iv)             
 Existing Commercial Product . Table 4 in   Exhibit 6.2(a)   sets forth the Actual Cost of Goods Sold for each Product
currently being commercialized by Amyris. For each new Customer Agreement for such Products sourced by Ginkgo, Net Profits and
Incentive Payments under such new Customer Agreement for such Product shall be allocated between the Parties as though such Customer
Agreement is for a new Product subject to Section 6.2(a)(i). For each Customer Agreement for a Product listed in Table 4 in
  Exhibit  6.2(a)   originated by Amyris (whether before or after the Effective Date), Net Profits and Incentive
Payments under such Customer Agreement for such Product shall be allocated [*] to Amyris. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should
the Actual Cost of Goods Sold for a Product listed in Table 4 in   Exhibit 6.2(a)   be reduced from the amount set forth
in such Table, Ginkgo shall be entitled to receive a percentage of the savings as a result of such reduction in Actual Cost of
Goods Sold, with the specific percentage of the savings for such Product as set forth across from the name of such Product in Table
4 in   Exhibit  6.2(a)   (the   Ginkgo Cost Savings  ). In the event that Ginkgo requests to help
Amyris improve its farnesene strain by providing a technical proposal to the Executive Committee, the Executive Committee will
approve any such reasonable technical proposal, and  provided  that Ginkgo performs work under such proposal, but regardless
of whether such work achieves any particular success or outcome (including production of any strain meeting any particular requirements)
or whether results of such work are incorporated into any production of any farnesene strains Product, Ginkgo shall be entitled
to receive [*]of the savings for any reduction in Actual Cost of Goods Sold for any farnesene sold thereafter as Ginkgo Cost Savings
hereunder.   

(v)               
 Refused Products . In the event that one Party elects, at any time during the development of a Product, not to participate
in the development of such Product (such Party, the   Non-Participating Party  , and such Product, a   Refused
Product  ), such Party shall provide written notice of such election to the other Party, and where such Product uses the
other Party s Intellectual Property that is licensed under this Agreement, Net Profits for such Product shall be allocated
[*] to the Non-Participating Party and [*] to the other Party until the development, manufacture, and commercialization of such
Refused Product are permanently discontinued. The Parties agree that [*] shall be considered a Refused Product. In the event that
Ginkgo engages a Third Party manufacturer to manufacture a Refused Product, such manufacturing shall be subject to the Supplier
Restrictions set forth in   Exhibit 4.4(b)  . For clarity, the Parties recognize that the decision not to participate
in the development of a Product shall cause any Intellectual Property created in connection with such development to be owned,
as between the Parties, solely by the developing Party;  provided ,  however , that such Intellectual Property shall
be considered Foreground Intellectual Property for purposes of the license granted in Section 2.3(a)(ii).  

(vi)             
 Excluded Products . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the products listed in Table 5 in   Exhibit 
6.2(a)  , which shall be amended with the approval of the JSC from time to time to reflect such chemical small molecule compound(s)
developed, manufactured, and/or commercialized in the Field that are outside   

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

the scope of this Agreement, shall not
be considered Products hereunder (the   Excluded Products  ), the development, manufacture, and commercialization
of such Excluded Products shall be outside the scope of this Agreement, and, absent any other agreement to the contrary, no Party
shall be obligated to make any payments to the other Party (whether directly or indirectly) for the development, manufacture, or
commercialization of any Excluded Products. 

6.3             
 Reporting . From and after the Effective Date, the Parties shall conduct a quarterly reconciliation of Net Profits, Incentive
Payments, Actual Cost of Goods Sold, and Ginkgo Cost Savings as follows, on a Product-by-Product basis: 

(a)                
Within forty-five (45) days after the filing by Amyris of each Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
and within thirty (30) days after the filing by Amyris of its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or, if Amyris is no longer making such filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, within the applicable amount of time
after such filings would have been made, each Party shall submit to the JSC a written report setting forth, as applicable:  

(i)                 
actual revenues and expenses included in Net Profits, Incentive Payments, Earned Incentive Payments (if applicable), Actual Cost
of Goods Sold, and Ginkgo Cost Savings (if applicable) for such Product on a customer-by-customer basis for such Calendar Quarter,
including, as applicable:  

(A)             
all sales in units, in Net Profits value, and any Incentive Payments received from a Customer during such Calendar Quarter;   

(B)              
the relevant Actual Cost of Goods Sold and, if applicable, Ginkgo Cost Savings for such Product incurred by each Party or its Affiliates
with respect to such Product during such Calendar Quarter, along with all ACOGS Invoices (as defined herein) delivered pursuant
to Section 6.4(c) during such Calendar Quarter; and   

(C)              
if applicable, any Earned Incentive Payments received from a Customer during such Calendar Quarter.   

(b)               
Within thirty (30) days after the receipt of the report pursuant to subparagraph (b) above, the Party then entitled to appoint
the JSC Chairperson shall submit to the JSC a written reconciliation report (the   Quarterly Payment Report  )
setting forth in reasonable detail the calculation of Net Profits, Incentive Payments, Earned Incentive Payments, Actual Cost of
Goods Sold, Ginkgo Cost Savings, Withholding Taxes, the calculation of the net amount owed by the Paying Agent to each of Amyris
and Ginkgo, as applicable, and the calculation of any Incentive Payments that need to be made from one Party to the other Party,
as applicable, in order to ensure compliance with Section 6.2 and the proper allocation of Withholding Taxes pursuant to Section
6.6.  

(c)                
Each Party shall have ninety (90) days after delivery of a Quarterly Payment Report (the   Objection Period  )
to dispute the calculations therein by delivery of a written notice to the JSC of any objections thereto (the   Objection
Notice  ). The Objection Notice shall set   

forth in reasonable detail the particulars of
such objections (the   Disputed Amount  ). If no Objection Notice is delivered in the Objection Period, the Quarterly
Payment Report shall be considered final and binding on the Parties. 

(d)               
If an Objection Notice is delivered, the JSC shall as soon as possible, and in any event no later than twenty (20) days after delivery
of the Objection Notice, negotiate in good faith to resolve any disputes related to the Quarterly Payment Report. If the JSC is
not able to resolve a dispute in such period, either Party may submit such dispute to, and such dispute shall be resolved fully,
finally, and exclusively through the use of, an Independent Accounting Firm. The fees and expenses of the Independent Accounting
Firm incurred in the resolution of such dispute shall be borne by the Parties in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the
relative benefits received by each Party based on the final resolution of the Disputed Amount in accordance with this Section 6.3.
For example, if Party A challenges the calculation in the Quarterly Payment Report by an amount of $[*], but the Independent Accounting
Firm believes that Party A has a valid claim for only $[*], Party B shall bear [*] of the fees and expenses of the Independent
Accounting Firm and Party A shall bear [*] of the fees and expenses of the Independent Accounting Firm. The Independent Accounting
Firm shall determine (and written notice thereof shall be given to the Parties) as promptly as practicable, but in any event within
fifteen (15) days following its appointment and based solely on the written submissions detailing the disputed items submitted
to it by both Parties, the disputed items submitted to the Independent Accounting Firm. All negotiations pursuant to this Section
6.3 shall be treated as compromise and settlement negotiations for purposes of Rule 408 of the Federal Rules of Evidence and comparable
other laws including state rules of evidence, and all negotiations, submissions to the Independent Accounting Firm, and dispute
resolution proceedings under this Section 6.3(d) shall be treated as confidential information. The Independent Accounting Firm
shall be bound by a mutually agreeable confidentiality agreement. The determination of the Independent Accounting Firm shall be
final and binding on the Parties. The decision rendered pursuant to this Section 6.3(d) may be filed as a judgment in any court
of competent jurisdiction. Either Party may seek specific enforcement or take other necessary legal action to enforce any decision
under this Section 6.3(d). The other Party s only defense to such a request for specific enforcement or other legal action
shall be fraud by or upon the Independent Accounting Firm. Absent such fraud, such other Party shall reimburse the Party seeking
enforcement for its expenses related to such enforcement.  

(e)                
The final determination of each Quarterly Payment Report under this Section 6.3 shall not impair any other rights of a Party
under this Agreement including, without limitation, any rights to indemnification.  

6.4             
 Payment Mechanics . 

(a)                
Each Customer Agreement shall require that all payments of invoices and purchase orders related to the sale of a Product issued
pursuant to such Customer Agreement shall be paid directly to the Paying Agent and the payment terms shall be net 30 days unless
otherwise approved by the Executive Committee. In the event a Party receives a payment of any invoice or purchase order issued
pursuant to a Customer Agreement, such Party shall promptly, and in any event no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt
of such payment, wire an amount equal to the amount of such payment to the Paying Agent.  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

(b)               
All payments of Incentive Payments, whether or not such Incentive Payments are Earned Incentive Payments, shall be made directly
to the Party named in the Customer Agreement to which such Incentive Payment relates, and any portion of the Incentive Payments
that are not Earned Incentive Payments allocable to the other Party shall be paid to the other Party no later than thirty (30)
days after the end of the applicable Calendar Quarter as payment of a fee for the services of the business development team of
the other Party during such Calendar Quarter. For any Incentive Payments that are not Earned Incentive Payments that have been
collected by a Party as of the Effective Date and are allocable to the other Party, including without limitation the Incentive
Payments collected under the [*], the portion allocable to the other Party shall be paid within thirty (30) days after the Effective
Date for the services of the business development team of the other Party prior to the date hereof.  

(c)                
As soon as reasonably practicable following the shipping of any Products manufactured by or on behalf of a Party, such Party shall
send an invoice (an   ACOGS Invoice  ) to the other Party in an amount equal to the product of (i) 1.1 and (ii)
the Actual Cost of Goods Sold for the Products reflected in such ACOGS Invoice. Within three (3) Business Days after payment by
a customer of any invoice or purchase order issued pursuant to a Customer Agreement, the Parties shall execute joint written instructions
to the Paying Agent to wire an amount equal to the amount set forth in the ACOGS Invoice corresponding to such invoice or purchase
order to the Party submitting such ACOGS Invoice to the other Party. Within three (3) Business Days after a Quarterly Payment Report
is deemed final and binding on the Parties:   

(i)                 
If the final Quarterly Payment Report indicates that the payments a Party received pursuant to Section 6.4(c) during the applicable
Calendar Quarter were greater than an amount equal to the product of (i) 1.1 and (ii) the applicable Actual Cost of Goods Sold
for such Calendar Quarter, such Party shall pay the amount of any such excess payment, by wire transfer of immediately available
funds, to the Paying Agent for distribution in accordance with Section 6.4(c)(ii).  

(ii)               
The Parties shall deliver joint written instructions to the Paying Agent instructing the Paying Agent to deliver to Amyris and
Ginkgo, as applicable, such Party s share of the Net Profits, and Ginkgo Cost Savings set forth in the final Quarterly Payment
Report.  

6.5             
 Audits .  For a period beginning as of the Effective Date and ending on the date that is three (3) years following the
final payment of Net Profits and/or Incentive Payments under this Agreement, each Party shall keep, and shall cause its Affiliates
to keep, full, true and accurate books and records containing all particulars relevant to the calculation of Net Profits, Actual
Cost of Goods Sold, Ginkgo Cost Savings, Incentive Payments and Earned Incentive Payments in sufficient detail to enable the other
Party to verify the amounts payable by or to it under this Agreement. Each Party shall have the right, not more than once during
any Calendar Year and at its own expense, to have the books and records of the other Party and its Affiliates, as applicable, audited
by an Independent Accounting Firm. Audits under this Section 6.5 shall be conducted at the principal place of business of
the financial personnel with responsibility for preparing and maintaining such records, during normal business hours, upon at least
thirty (30) days  prior written notice, and for the sole purpose of verifying amounts payable by or to such Party under 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

this Agreement. All information and data reviewed
in any audit conducted under this Section 6.5 shall be used only for the purpose of verifying amounts payable by or to a Party
under this Agreement and shall be treated as Confidential Information of the audited Party subject to the terms of this Agreement.
The auditing Party shall cause its accounting firm to enter into a reasonably acceptable confidentiality agreement with the audited
Party and its Affiliates, as applicable. The accounting firm shall disclose to the auditing Party only whether the calculation
of Net Profits, Actual Cost of Goods Sold, Ginkgo Cost Savings, Incentive Payments and Earned Incentive Payments, and payments
hereunder are correct or incorrect and the specific details concerning any discrepancies. If the audit demonstrates that the payments
owed under this Agreement have been understated, the audited Party shall pay the balance to the auditing Party, which shall be
paid together with interest in accordance with Section 6.8.  Further, if the amount of the understatement is greater
than [*] of the amount owed to the auditing Party with respect to the audited period, then the audited Party shall reimburse the
auditing Party for the reasonable out-of-pocket cost of the audit.  If the audit demonstrates that the payments owed under
this Agreement have been overstated, the audited Party shall be entitled to credit such amount against payments due to the auditing
Party.  All payments owed by or to a Party under this Section 6.5 shall be made within forty-five (45) days after the
results of the audit are delivered to the Parties. 

6.6             
 Tax Matters .  Any amounts payable by a Party or the Paying Agent (the   Payor  ) to the other Party
(the   Payee  ) pursuant to this Agreement (each a   Payment  ) shall be made without deduction
or withholding for taxes except to the extent that any such deduction or withholding is required by Law in effect at the time of
the Payment. In the event that the Payor is required by applicable Law to deduct, withhold and pay over (collectively,   Withhold  )
any tax (a   Withholding Tax  ) from or in respect of such Payment, the Payor shall (a) notify the Payee
of such requirement promptly upon first becoming aware thereof, and in no event less than five (5) days prior to Withholding, (b) Withhold
the full amount of such Withholding Tax to the relevant taxing authority as and when due and (c) pay the net after-Withholding
Tax amount of such Payment to the Payee, together with documentation confirming the amount and fact of the associated Withholding.
The amount of Withholding Tax required to be Withheld in respect of a Payment shall be (i) determined in the good-faith discretion
of the Payor, with due regard to any valid documentation previously provided to the Payor by or for the benefit of the Payee, in
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Payor, that supports a reduced rate of Withholding Tax in respect of the Payment,
and (ii) treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been duly and timely paid by the Payor to or for the benefit
of the Payee. The Parties agree to cooperate in good faith to (x) minimize the amount of any Withholding Tax prior to Withholding,
and (y) permit a Payee to recover any excess Withholding Tax previously Withheld. On the date of execution of this Agreement, each
Party will deliver to the other an accurate and complete Internal Revenue Service Form W-9. 

6.7             
 Currency Exchange .  All payments to be made by a Party to the other Party shall be made in Dollars.  In the case
of Actual Cost of Goods Sold outside the United States, the average reasonable foreign exchange rates in effect when the transactions
occur as recorded in Amyris  books and records for monthly external reporting will be used. In the case of any other payments
made pursuant to a Customer Agreement that are not in Dollars, the reasonable exchange rate used when the funds are converted to
Dollars shall be used as the conversion rate. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

6.8             
 Late Payments .  Without limiting any other rights or remedies available to a Party hereunder, if the paying Party does
not pay any amount due on or before the due date, the paying Party shall pay to such Party interest on any such amounts from and
after the date such payments are due under this Agreement at a rate per annum equal to the [*] in effect published in  The Wall
Street Journal ,  Eastern Edition , plus [*] basis points, or the maximum applicable legal rate, if less, calculated on
the total number of days payment is delinquent;  provided  that with respect to any disputed payments, no interest payment
shall be due until such dispute is resolved and the interest which shall be payable thereon shall be based on the finally-resolved
amount of such payment, calculated from the original date on which the disputed payment was due through the date on which payment
is actually made. 

6.9             
 General Payment Provisions .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, (a) there shall be no
double-counting of expenses or revenue in the calculation of Net Profits, Actual Cost of Goods Sold, and Incentive Payments hereunder,
and (b) Net Profits, Actual Cost of Goods Sold, Ginkgo Cost Savings, Incentive Payments, and any components thereof shall
be determined from the books and records of the applicable Party and its Affiliates maintained in accordance with the Accounting
Principles. 

Article
VII.                   
     TERM AND TERMINATION   

7.1             
 Agreement Term .  The term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for three (3) years
from the Effective Date unless terminated pursuant to Sections 7.2(a), 7.2(b), 7.2(c) or 7.2(d) below (the   Initial Term  ).
The Agreement shall automatically be extended for successive one-year periods (each, a   Renewal Term   and, collectively
with the Initial Term, the   Term  ) unless a Party delivers a written notice of non-renewal to the other Party
not less than ninety (90) days prior to a Renewal Term. 

7.2             
 Termination . 

(a)                
 Termination by Mutual Agreement . At any time during the Term, the Agreement may be terminated upon the mutual written consent
of the Parties.  

(b)               
 Termination for Material Non-Performance .  If, as of the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the Effective Date, the
Executive Committee, after receiving input from the members of the JSC, determines that a Party is repeatedly unable to perform
or meet commitments under its Customer Agreements or Technical Development Plans, the other Party shall have a right to terminate
the Agreement on thirty (30) days  prior written notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Party disputes the termination,
then Section 7.2(e) shall apply.  

(c)                
 Termination for Material Breach .  If either Party (the   Non-Breaching Party  ) believes that the
other Party (the   Breaching Party  ) is in material breach of this Agreement, then the Non-Breaching Party may
deliver notice of such breach to the Breaching Party.  To the extent such breach is reasonably capable of being cured, if
the Breaching Party fails to cure such breach, or to initiate such steps as would be considered reasonable to effectively cure
such breach (and thereafter diligently pursues such cure), within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice of breach, the
Non-Breaching Party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

to the Breaching Party.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a Party disputes the termination, then Section 7.2(e) shall apply. 

(d)               
 Termination for Change in Control . A Party (the   Changed Party  ) shall provide fifteen (15) days 
prior written notice (a   Change in Control Notice  ) of any Change in Control of the Changed Party. The other
Party may terminate this Agreement in its sole and absolute discretion upon written notice given to the Changed Party not later
than ten (10) days after the receipt of such Change in Control Notice.  

(e)                
 Termination Disputes .  If a Party gives notice of non-performance, notice of breach or notice of termination under
Sections 7.2(b) or 7.2(c), and the other Party disputes whether such notice was proper, then the issue of whether or not such
non-performance or breach entitled the Party providing such notice to terminate this Agreement shall be resolved in accordance
with Section 11.2, and the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until such dispute is resolved.  All cure periods
shall be tolled during such dispute resolution process. If, as a result of such dispute resolution process it is determined that
the notice of termination was proper, then the Breaching Party shall be entitled to the remainder of the relevant cure period and
such termination shall only be effective if the relevant breach is not cured or otherwise addressed in accordance with this Agreement
during such period.  On the other hand, if, as a result of the dispute resolution process, it is determined that the notice
of termination was improper, then no termination shall have occurred or shall occur as a result of such notice and this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect.  

7.3             
 Effects of Termination . 

(a)                
Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason:  

(i)                 
Ginkgo shall retain each Ginkgo Customer Agreement, Amyris shall retain each Amyris Customer Agreement, and the JSC shall determine
what the Parties shall do with respect to any Customer Agreement to which both Parties are a party;  

(ii)               
Each Party shall return the other Party s Confidential Information in accordance with Section 10.3; and  

(iii)             
Subject to Section 7.3(d) below, each provision of this Agreement that does not expressly survive termination of this Agreement
or extend beyond the Term shall terminate and be of no further force and effect.  

(iv)             
If during the Term:  

(A)             
The Parties had determined that there are no restrictions on the Parties relating to (1) use of Amyris Background Intellectual
Property in the Flavors and Fragrances Market and/or (2) the manufacture of Products for the Flavors and Fragrances Market, then
for the Products listed in Table 2 of Exhibit 6.2(a) where Amyris is listed as the  Sourcing Party , Ginkgo shall have
no rights and Amyris shall have no obligations to Ginkgo after the termination of this Agreement unless Amyris has been directed
to perform research or development on such Products prior to such termination by the relevant Third Party.   

(B)              
Amyris and/or Ginkgo was unable to use Amyris Background Intellectual Property for Products in the Flavors and Fragrances Market
and/or the Parties were unable to produce each Product in the Flavors and Fragrances Market under this Agreement for more than
one Third Party, Ginkgo shall be entitled after such termination to receive 50% of the Net Profits to make such Products in Table
2 of Exhibit 6.2(a), as well as other products not listed in Table 2 of Exhibit 6.2(a) for the relevant Third Party, regardless
of whether Ginkgo performed research or development on such Products prior to such termination.  

(b)               
Termination of this Agreement shall be in addition to, and shall not prejudice, the Parties  remedies at law or in equity,
including the Parties  ability to receive legal damages and/or equitable relief with respect to any breach of this Agreement,
regardless of whether or not such breach was the reason for the termination.   

(c)                
Expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason shall not release either Party from any obligation or liability which,
on the effective date of such expiration or termination, has already accrued to the other Party or which is attributable to a period
prior to such expiration or termination.  

(d)               
Article I, Section 2.3(a)(i), Section 2.3(a)(iii), Section 2.3(e), Section 2.3(f), Section 2.4, Article VI, Section 7.3, Article
VIII, the last sentence of Section 9.5, Article X, and Article XI shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. Section
2.3(a)(ii) and Section 2.3(b) shall survive solely A) with respect to any updates and/or modifications to the Intellectual Property
provided under the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement, to the extent and for such time as Section 2.1 survives as indicated
below, and (B) for any other Intellectual Property actually provided by the Parties prior to termination or expiration of this
Agreement in connection with the performance of activities under this Agreement for the Parties  continued use of the existing
(as of such termination or expiration) Products or Refused Products with the existing (as of such termination or expiration) customers,
as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) Section 2.3(c) shall survive subject to Section 2.3(d) and (ii) Section
2.1 shall survive solely to the extent applicable to Section 2.3(c) or in connection with the performance of activities under this
Agreement for the Parties  continued use of the existing (as of such termination or expiration) Products or Refused Products
with the existing (as of such termination or expiration) customers, as the case may be. The Parties shall meet after such termination
or expiration of this Agreement to determine in good faith whether any changes should be made with respect to the Parties 
completion of any Products or Refused Products that are still under development as of such termination or expiration, taking into
account the best course of action for the customers of such products; any such changes must be mutually agreed to by the Parties,
and approval of such changes is not to be unreasonably withheld. Section 2.2 shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement
in its entirety except that subpart (A) of Section 2.2(d)(ii) shall not survive.  

Article
VIII.                      INDEMNIFICATION;
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY   

8.1             
 By Amyris . 

(a)                
Subject to Section 8.1(b), Amyris agrees, at Amyris  cost and expense, to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Ginkgo and
its Affiliates, and their respective directors,  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

officers, employees and agents (the   Ginkgo
Indemnified Parties  ) from and against any losses, costs, damages, fees or expenses (  Losses  ) arising
out of any Action brought by a Third Party to the extent relating to (i) any breach by Amyris of any of its representations,
warranties or obligations pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) the negligence or willful misconduct of Amyris; (iii) any
infringement by Intellectual Property licensed from Amyris; (iv) any of Excluded Products developed, manufactured, or commercialized
by Amyris; or (v) except as otherwise provided in Section 8.3, actions taken solely by Amyris that serve as the sole basis
for such Action brought by a Third Party where such actions are inconsistent with the directions of the JSC. 

(b)               
In the event of any such Action against any of the Ginkgo Indemnified Parties by any Third Party, Ginkgo shall promptly notify
Amyris in writing of the Action. Subject to Section 8.1(c), Amyris shall have the right, exercisable by notice to Ginkgo within
thirty (30) days after receipt of notice from Ginkgo of the Action, to assume direction and control of the Action (including the
right to settle the Action solely for monetary consideration) with counsel selected by Amyris and reasonably acceptable to Ginkgo. 
The Ginkgo Indemnified Parties shall cooperate with Amyris and may, at their option and expense, be separately represented in any
such action or proceeding.  Amyris shall not be liable for any Action costs or expenses incurred by the Ginkgo Indemnified
Parties without Amyris  prior written authorization. In addition, Amyris shall not be responsible for the indemnification
or defense of any Ginkgo Indemnified Party to the extent arising from any negligent or intentional acts by any Ginkgo Indemnified
Party or the breach by Ginkgo of any representation, obligation or warranty under this Agreement, or any Actions compromised or
settled without its prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Amyris shall not settle an Action brought by a Third
Party without the prior written consent of Ginkgo, if such settlement would impose any monetary obligation on Ginkgo or require
Ginkgo to submit to an injunction.  

(c)                
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, (i) in the event of any such Action against a Ginkgo Indemnified Party brought
by a Governmental Entity or criminal action seeking an injunction against a Ginkgo Indemnified Party, or (ii) in the event
Amyris does not assume direction and control of the Action pursuant to Section 8.1(b), Ginkgo shall have the right to control
the Action at Amyris  expense.  

8.2             
 By Ginkgo . 

(a)                
Subject to Section 8.2(b), Ginkgo agrees, at Ginkgo s cost and expense, to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Amyris and
its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents (the   Amyris Indemnified Parties  )
from and against any Losses arising out of any Action brought by a Third Party to the extent relating to (i) any breach by
Ginkgo of any of its representations, warranties or obligations pursuant to this Agreement; (ii) the negligence or willful
misconduct of Ginkgo; (iii) any infringement by Intellectual Property licensed from Ginkgo hereunder (iv) any of Excluded
Products developed, manufactured, or commercialized by Ginkgo; (v) except as otherwise provided in Section 8.3, actions taken
solely by Ginkgo that serve as the sole basis for such Action brought by a Third Party where such actions are inconsistent with
the directions of the JSC; or (vi) any Losses related to Ginkgo s failure to make payments to SRD under Section 2.3(f).   

(b)               
In the event of any such Action against any of the Amyris Indemnified Parties by any Third Party, Amyris shall promptly notify
Ginkgo in writing of the Action. Subject to Section 8.2(c), Ginkgo shall have the right, exercisable by notice to Amyris within
thirty (30) days after receipt of notice from Amyris of the Action, to assume direction and control of the Action (including the
right to settle the Action solely for monetary consideration) with counsel selected by Ginkgo and reasonably acceptable to Amyris.
The Amyris Indemnified Parties shall cooperate with Ginkgo and may, at their option and expense, be separately represented in any
such action or proceeding.  Ginkgo shall not be liable for any Action costs or expenses incurred by the Amyris Indemnified
Parties without Ginkgo s prior written authorization.  In addition, Ginkgo shall not be responsible for the indemnification
or defense of any Amyris Indemnified Party to the extent arising from any negligent or intentional acts by any Amyris Indemnified
Party, or the breach by Amyris of any representation, obligation or warranty under this Agreement, or any Actions compromised or
settled without its prior written consent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ginkgo shall not settle an Action brought by a
Third Party without the prior written consent of Amyris, if such settlement would impose any monetary obligation on Amyris or require
Amyris to submit to an injunction.  

(c)                
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary above, (i) in the event of any such Action against an Amyris Indemnified Party brought
by a Governmental Entity or a criminal action seeking an injunction against an Amyris Indemnified Party, or (ii) in the event
Ginkgo does not assume direction and control of the Action pursuant to Section 8.2(b), Amyris shall have the right to control
the Action at Ginkgo s expense.  

8.3             
 Shared Claims . Any Losses arising out of any Action brought by a Third Party involving any actual or alleged death or bodily
injury arising out of or resulting from the development, manufacture or commercialization of any Product, to the extent that such
Losses exceed the amount (if any) covered by the applicable Party s product liability insurance, shall be shared equally
by the Parties, except to the extent such Losses arise out of any Action brought by a Third Party based on (a) a Party s
breach of any of its representations, obligations or warranties under to this Agreement, or (b) the negligence or intentional
act of a Party, its Affiliates, or their respective permitted sublicensees, or any of the respective officers, directors, employees
and agents of each of the foregoing entities, in the performance of obligations or exercise of rights under this Agreement. 

8.4             
 Limitation of Liability .  EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO A BREACH OF  Article VIII ,
 Article X , OR A PARTY S LIABILITY PURSUANT TO  Article
VIII  OR  Article X , NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, MULTIPLE OR OTHER INDIRECT OR REMOTE DAMAGES, OR, EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO A BREACH OF SECTIONS 2.1,
2.3(d) OR 2.3(e), FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE DAMAGES, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE EXERCISE
OF ITS RIGHTS HEREUNDER, WHETHER BASED UPON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSS. 

Article
IX.                      
     REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS   

9.1             
 Representation of Authority; Consents .  Ginkgo and Amyris each represents and warrants, and covenants, as applicable,
to the other Party that, except as set forth on Schedule 9.1 of the Amyris Disclosure Schedules and the Ginkgo Disclosure Schedules: 

(a)                
it has full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement;  

(b)               
its board of directors has determined that this business arrangement, and the structure of the resulting partnership, is in the
best interest of such party and its stockholders;  

(c)                
this Agreement has been duly executed by such Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable
in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, fraudulent conveyance, insolvency, reorganization,
moratorium and other Laws relating to or affecting creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles and public
policy constraints (including those pertaining to limitations and/or exclusions of liability, competition Laws, penalties and jurisdictional
issues including conflicts of Laws); and  

(d)               
except as otherwise contemplated in this Agreement, all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all government authorities
and other persons required to be obtained by such Party in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
have been and shall be obtained.  

9.2             
 No Conflict .  Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that, except as set forth on Schedule 9.2 of the
Amyris Disclosure Schedules and the Ginkgo Disclosure Schedules, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance
of such Party s obligations hereunder (a) do not conflict with or violate such Party s corporate organizational
documents or any requirement of applicable Laws and (b) do not conflict with, violate or breach or constitute a default or
require any consent under, any material oral or written contractual obligation of such Party.  Each Party agrees that it shall
not during the Term grant any right, license, consent or privilege to any Third Party or otherwise undertake any action, either
directly or indirectly, that would conflict with the rights granted to the other Party or interfere with any obligations of such
Party set forth in this Agreement. 

9.3             
 Intellectual Property . Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party, except as set forth on Schedule 9.3 of the
Amyris Disclosure Schedules and the Ginkgo Disclosure Schedules, and solely (other than subpart (e) or (f), below) with respect
to, as applicable, the Background Intellectual Property, Foreground Intellectual Property and Foundry Intellectual Property, as
follows: 

(a)                
Such Party has the legal power to and such Party is not subject to any agreement which restricts or impairs its ability to convey
to the other Party all of the license rights for such Intellectual Property contemplated hereby;   

(b)               
Such Party does not pay or receive any royalty to or from anyone with respect to any of such Party s Intellectual Property,
nor has such Party licensed anyone to commercially exploit any of such Party s Intellectual Property;  

(c)                
There are no pending or, to the knowledge of such Party, contemplated Actions relating to any of such Party s Intellectual
Property, nor has such Party received written communication from any Person threatening the institution of any Action against such
Party relating to any of such Intellectual Property;   

(d)               
Except as contemplated by this Agreement, all rights of such Party in and to such Intellectual Property will be unaffected by this
Agreement and the other transactions contemplated hereunder;  

(e)                
To the knowledge of such Party, neither the conduct of its business, nor the use of the technology it is providing pursuant to
this Agreement, interferes with, infringes, violates or misappropriates any rights under any valid and unexpired Intellectual Property
of any other Person;   

(f)                
Such Party has not received any notice alleging any such interference, infringement, violation or misappropriation (including any
such claim that such Party must license or refrain from using any such Intellectual Property); and  

(g)               
To the knowledge of such Party, no Third Party has interfered with, infringed, violated or misappropriated, or is currently interfering
with, infringing, violating or misappropriating any rights under such Party s Intellectual Property.  

9.4             
 Compliance with Laws . Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that such Party is in compliance with all applicable
Laws applicable to it. Each Party shall comply in all material respects with all applicable Laws in connection with the development,
manufacture and commercialization of the Products. 

9.5             
 Insurance . Each Party represents and warrants that it is insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies,
in such amounts, with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses.
Each Party shall not decrease or materially change its insurance policies for so long as this Agreement is in effect and for a
period of five years thereafter. 

9.6             
 No Other Molecules in the Field . Each Party represents and warrants that it has no rights to develop, manufacture or sell
any other molecules in the Field as of the date hereof that are not listed in one of the Tables on   Exhibit 6.2(a)  . 

9.7             
 Disclaimer of Warranty .  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, WAIVES, RELEASES
AND RENOUNCES ANY WARRANTY, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 

9.8             
 Exclusivity . 

(a)                
Each Party agrees that, during the Term, neither Party will collaborate, work with, or otherwise engage [*] or any of its Affiliates
within the Field. For clarity,   

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

during the Term, neither party will license its
Intellectual Property to [*] or any of its Affiliates within the Field. 

(b)               
During the Term, all future Amyris contracts pertaining to manufacturing of a [*] are subject to this Agreement except for the
following: (i) the agreement between [*]; (ii)  any agreement with a Governmental Entity; (iii) agreements related
to the [*]; and (iv) the agreements listed on   Exhibit 1.5  . For clarity and notwithstanding Section 9.8(b)(iv), [*].  

(c)                
During the Term, all future Ginkgo contracts pertaining to manufacturing of a chemical small molecule compound in the Field where
the customer requires third party manufacturing of the molecule are subject to this Agreement except for the following: (i) any
agreement between Ginkgo and a Governmental Entity or (ii) certain aspects of existing Ginkgo agreements with both [*] (related
to the scale-up and manufacture of [*]) and [*] (related to the scale-up and manufacture of champignol and nonadienols/als);  provided ,
that process development and scale-up of such chemical small molecule compound shall remain subject to this Agreement. For the
avoidance of doubt, all agreements between Ginkgo and a Third Party for the development of strains or strain improvements only
( i.e. , the agreement does not contemplate the industrial scale manufacture of chemical small molecule compounds) are not
subject to this Agreement and nothing herein shall prohibit the entry by Ginkgo into any such agreement.  

(d)               
The Parties recognize and affirm that, in the event of a breach by a Party of this Section 9.8, money damages would be inadequate
and such Party would not have any adequate remedy at Law. Accordingly, the Parties agree that the non-breaching Party shall have
the right, in addition to any other rights and remedies existing in its favor, to enforce its rights and the breaching Party s
obligations under this Section 9.8 by an action or actions for specific  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted
portions. 

performance, injunction or other equitable relief
against the breaching Party to enforce or prevent any violations, whether anticipatory, continuing or future, of the provisions
of this Section 9.8. 

9.9             
 Non-Solicitation . Each Party agrees that, during the Term, it will not, directly or indirectly, solicit the employment of
any officer or employee of the other Party. The foregoing will not prevent a Party from soliciting the employment of or from employing
any officer or employee of the other Party if such officer or employee of the other Party leaves the employment of the other Party
without any prior solicitation of employment of such officer or employee of the other Party by or on behalf of such Party. The
phrase  solicit the employment of  will not be deemed to include (a) general solicitations or advertisements of employment
not specifically directed towards officers or employees of the other Party, or from employing any such person who contacts such
Party in response to any of the foregoing, or (b) retaining and deploying recruiting firms and individuals to identify, seek and
solicit prospective employees on behalf of such Party so long as such recruiting firms and individuals are not directed, orally
or in writing, to solicit the employment of any officer or employee of the other Party, or from employing any such person who responds
to any recruiting efforts of the foregoing. For purposes of clarity, the provisions of this Section 9.9 will apply whether an officer
or employee of the other Party is employed on the date of this Agreement or hereafter. 

Article
X.     CONFIDENTIALITY   

10.1         
 Confidential Information .  

(a)                
In connection with the performance of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Party (the   Disclosing Party  )
may, itself or through or its Affiliates, disclose certain Confidential Information to the other Party (the   Recipient  )
or its Affiliates. During the Term and at all times thereafter, the Recipient shall maintain all Confidential Information of the
Disclosing Party in strict confidence and shall not use such Confidential Information for any purpose, except that the Recipient
may disclose or permit the disclosure of any such Confidential Information to its Affiliates and permitted sublicensees, or its
or their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants, advisors and agents, and its Permitted Subcontractors, who in
each case are obligated to maintain the confidential nature of such Confidential Information on terms no less stringent than those
of this Article X. In addition, the Recipient may use or disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party (i) in
exercising the Recipient s rights and licenses granted hereunder (including exercising these rights to discuss with Third
Party sublicensing opportunities) or to fulfill its obligations and/or duties hereunder;  provided  that such disclosure is
made to a Person who is obligated to confidentiality and non-use obligations no less rigorous than those of this Section 10.1 and
(ii) subject to Section 10.1(c), in prosecuting or defending an Action, complying with applicable Law and/or submitting information
to tax or other Governmental Entities. For the purposes of this Agreement,   Confidential Information   shall
mean (x) any confidential or proprietary information related to the Products and (y) any confidential or proprietary information
relating to the Disclosing Party s business, including without limitation trade secrets, processes, formulae, data and know-how,
improvements, inventions, chemical or biological materials, techniques, methods for making compounds, target compounds, product
development plans, marketing plans, strategies, customer lists or other information that has been created, discovered or developed
by the Disclosing Party, or has otherwise become known to the Disclosing Party, or for which proper rights have been   

assigned to the Disclosing Party, as well as any
other information and materials that are deemed confidential or proprietary to or by the Disclosing Party (including, without limitation,
all information and materials of the Disclosing Party s customers and consultants and any other third party), regardless
of whether any of the foregoing are marked as  confidential  or  proprietary  or communicated to the Recipient
by the Disclosing Party in oral, written, graphic or electronic form. 

(b)               
The obligations of confidentiality and non-use set forth above shall not apply to the extent that the Recipient can demonstrate
that the relevant Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party: (i) was publicly known prior to the time of its disclosure
under this Agreement or the Prior Confidentiality Agreement; (ii) became publicly known after the time of its disclosure under
this Agreement other than through acts or omissions of the Recipient, its Affiliates, potential sublicensees or permitted sublicensees
in violation of this Agreement; (iii) is or was disclosed to the Recipient or any of its Affiliates at any time, whether prior
to or after the time of its disclosure under this Agreement or the Prior Confidentiality Agreement, by a Third Party having no
fiduciary relationship with the Disclosing Party or any of its Affiliates and having no obligation of confidentiality with respect
to such Confidential Information; (iv) is independently developed by the Recipient or any of its Affiliates without access
to such Confidential Information as evidenced by written records; or (v) was known by the Recipient or any of its Affiliates
at the time of receipt from the Disclosing Party or any of its Affiliates as documented by the Recipient s or any of its
Affiliates  records.  

(c)                
In addition, the Recipient or any of its Affiliates may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to the extent
necessary to comply with applicable Laws or a court or administrative order;  provided  that the Recipient provides to the
Disclosing Party prior written notice of such disclosure, to the extent reasonably possible, and that the Recipient takes all reasonable
and lawful actions to obtain confidential treatment for such disclosure and, to the extent possible, to minimize the extent of
such disclosure.  

(d)               
Notwithstanding the obligations in Section 10.1(a) and 10.1(c), a Party may disclose (and, in connection therewith, use) Confidential
Information of the other Party, if such disclosure:  

(i)                 
is made to Governmental Entities in order to obtain patent rights;  

(ii)               
is made to its Affiliates, permitted sublicensees, agents, consultants or other Third Parties (including service providers) for
the development, manufacture or commercialization of Products as provided hereunder, or in connection with an assignment of this
Agreement, a licensing transaction related to products under this Agreement, a loan, financing or investment, or an acquisition,
merger, consolidation or similar transaction (or for such Persons to determine their interest in performing such activities or
entering into such transactions), in each case on the condition that any Third Parties to whom such disclosures are made agree
to be bound by confidentiality and non-use obligations no less rigorous than those contained in this Agreement; or  

(iii)             
consists entirely of Confidential Information previously approved by the Disclosing Party for disclosure by the Recipient.  

(e)                
Each Recipient shall be responsible for any breach of the obligations of this Section 10.1 by any Person to whom such Recipient
or its Affiliate disclosed the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information.  

10.2         
 Publicity; Attribution; Terms of this Agreement; Non-Use of Names . 

(a)                
The Parties shall issue a press release to announce the execution of this Agreement and describe the material financial and operational
terms of this Agreement. Such press release and the date of its issuance shall be mutually agreed to by the Parties. Except as
required by judicial order or applicable Law, or as set forth below, neither Party shall make any public announcement concerning
this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
The Party preparing any such public announcement shall provide the other Party with a draft thereof at least three (3) Business
Days prior to the date on which such Party would like to make the public announcement. Neither Party shall use the name, trademark,
trade name or logo of the other Party or its employees in any publicity or news release relating to this Agreement or its subject
matter, without the prior express written permission of the other Party.  

(b)               
Notwithstanding the terms of this Article X, either Party shall be permitted to disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement
to the extent required, based on the advice of such Party s legal counsel, to comply with applicable Laws, including the
rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (  SEC  ) or any other Governmental
Entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, before disclosing this Agreement or any of the terms hereof pursuant to this Section 10.2(b),
the Parties will consult with one another on the terms of this Agreement for which confidential treatment will be sought in making
any such disclosure. If a Party wishes to disclose this Agreement or any of the terms hereof in accordance with this Section 10.2(b),
such Party agrees, at its own expense, to seek confidential treatment of the portions of this Agreement or such terms as may be
reasonably requested by the other Party;  provided  that the disclosing Party shall always be entitled to comply with legal
requirements, including the requirements of the SEC.  

(c)                
Either Party may also disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement in confidence to its attorneys and advisors, and to potential
acquirors (and their respective professional advisors), in connection with a potential merger, acquisition or reorganization and
to existing and potential investors or lenders of such Party, as a part of their due diligence investigations, or to existing and
potential sublicensees or to permitted sublicensees and assignees, or to any other Person described in Section 10.1(d)(ii), in
each case under an agreement to keep the terms of this Agreement confidential under terms of confidentiality and non-use substantially
no less rigorous than the terms contained in this Agreement and to use such information solely for the purpose permitted pursuant
to this Section 10.2(c) or Section 10.1(d)(ii).  

(d)               
For purposes of clarity, either Party may issue a press release or public announcement or make such other disclosure if the content
of such press release, public announcement or disclosure has previously been made public other than through a breach of this Agreement
by the issuing Party or its Affiliates.  

10.3         
 Return of Confidential Information .  Subject to Section 7.3(a), upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement,
upon request, the Recipient shall return to the Disclosing Party or destroy all Confidential Information received by the Recipient
or any of its Affiliates from the Disclosing Party or any of its Affiliates (and all copies and reproductions thereof).  In
addition, the Recipient and its Affiliates shall destroy:  (a) any notes, reports or other documents prepared by the
Recipient which contain Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; and (b) any Confidential Information of the Disclosing
Party (and all copies and reproductions thereof) which is in electronic form or cannot otherwise be returned to the Disclosing
Party.  Nothing in this Section 10.3 shall require the alteration, modification, deletion or destruction of archival
tapes or other electronic back-up media made in the ordinary course of business;  provided  that the Recipient and its Affiliates
shall continue to be bound by its obligations of confidentiality and other obligations under this Article X with respect to any
of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information contained in such archival tapes or other electronic back-up media. 
Any requested destruction of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information shall be certified in writing to the Disclosing
Party by an authorized officer of the Recipient supervising such destruction.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the
Recipient and its Affiliates may retain one copy of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information solely for the purpose
of determining the Recipient s continuing obligations under this Article X and (ii) the Recipient and its Affiliates
may retain the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information and its own notes, reports and other documents to the extent reasonably
required (x) to exercise the rights and licenses of the Recipient expressly surviving expiration or termination of this Agreement;
(y) to perform the obligations of the Recipient expressly surviving expiration or termination of this Agreement; or (z) for
regulatory or archival purposes.  Notwithstanding the return or destruction of the Disclosing Party s Confidential Information,
the Recipient shall continue to be bound by its obligations of confidentiality and other obligations under this Article X. 

Article
XI.                      
     MISCELLANEOUS   

11.1         
 Governing Law .  This Agreement (and any Actions arising out of or related thereto or to the transactions contemplated
thereby or to the inducement of any Party to enter therein, whether for breach of contract, tortious conduct or otherwise and whether
predicated on common law, statute or otherwise) shall in all respects be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York, USA, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, in each case without reference
to any conflict of law rules that might lead to the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

11.2         
 Dispute Resolution .  Any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement that is not subject to Article V shall
be settled, if possible, through good faith negotiations between the Parties.  If the Parties are unable to settle such dispute
within thirty (30) days or in accordance with the terms of Article V, as applicable, such Action arising out of or relating to
this Agreement, or the breach thereof, shall be resolved as follows: 

(a)                
Such Action shall be settled by binding arbitration in Chicago, Illinois in accordance with the then current Commercial Arbitration
Rules of the American Arbitration Association and judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant any equitable and legal remedies that would be available in any judicial proceeding
subject to any limits set forth herein.  

(b)               
Such arbitration shall be conducted by a single, independent arbitrator or, if the Parties are unable to agree on such arbitrator,
each Party shall appoint a single, independent arbitrator who must collectively agree on a Third Party, independent arbitrator
to serve as arbitrator hereunder. For clarity, the arbitrator can be either judicial or non-judicial, depending on the nature of
the dispute ( i.e. , if the dispute is technical in nature, the Parties may elect to agree upon an arbitrator who possesses
a relevant technical background).  

(c)                
The arbitrator may rule upon motions to compel or limit discovery and shall have the authority to impose sanctions for discovery
abuses, including reasonable attorneys  fees and costs, to the extent and upon the grounds available for such in the United
States District Courts for the District in which the arbitration is taking place.  

(d)               
The decision of the arbitrator (the   Award  ) as to any Action (including the validity and amount of any Action)
shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon the Parties. Such Award shall be written and shall be supported by written findings
of facts and conclusions. Within 30 days of issuance of an Award any payment required by the Award shall be made unless before
such date any Party shall commence legal action to vacate or modify the Award.  

(e)                
The Parties to the arbitration may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction
or other interim or conservatory relief, as necessary, including without limitation for breach of Section 9.8 or Article X
hereunder, without breach of this arbitration provision and without abridgment of the powers of the arbitrator.  

(f)                
The Parties agree, and agree to direct the arbitrator, that the arbitration will be kept confidential and that the existence of
the proceeding and any proceedings therein, including without limitation any pleadings, briefs or other documents, any testimony
or other oral submissions and any Award, will not be disclosed beyond the arbitrator or arbitration tribunal, the Parties, their
counsel and any Person (including witnesses, if any) involved in the conduct of the proceeding, except (i) in any legal proceeding
concerning the arbitration, including without limitation any proceeding to compel or to stay arbitration or otherwise in aid of
arbitration, for other relief as described in Section 11.2(e), to vacate, modify or confirm an Award, or to enforce an Award or
any judgment based upon an Award, (ii) to the tax, legal, financial or other professional advisors of such Person who are obligated
to keep such information confidential, or (iii) as may be required by Law.  

(g)               
Each Party shall pay its own costs and expenses (including counsel fees) of any such arbitration, except as may be awarded by the
arbitrator pursuant to Section 11.2(c) above.   

11.3         
 General Release.  Effective as of the effective date of the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement, each Party voluntarily,
knowingly and irrevocably releases and forever discharge the other Party and its officers, directors, managers, employees and affiliates
from any and all actions, agreements, amounts, claims, damages, expenses, liabilities and obligations of every kind, nature or
description, known or unknown, arising or existing prior to the Effective Date, except for any rights of such Party under this
Agreement and any agreement entered into pursuant to this Agreement. 

11.4         
 Assignment . Neither Party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of
the other Party, except that either Party may make such assignment without the prior written consent of the other Party to an Affiliate
(so long as such Party shall remain jointly and severally liable with such Affiliate with respect to all obligations so assigned). 
Subject to a Party s right to terminate this Agreement in connection with a Change in Control pursuant to Section 7.2(d),
any request for consent to assignment shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any purported assignment in contravention
of this Section 11.3 shall, at the option of the non-assigning Party, be null and void and of no effect.  No assignment
shall release either Party from responsibility for the performance of any accrued obligation of such Party hereunder.  This
Agreement shall be binding upon and enforceable against the successor to or any permitted assignee from either of the Parties. 

11.5         
 Entire Agreement; Amendments .  This Agreement, the Letter Agreement executed between the Parties on August [__], 2016
and the Exhibits referred to in this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof, and supersede all previous arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral, including
without limitation the Initial Strategic Partnership Agreement, and the Prior Confidentiality Agreement.  Any amendment or
modification to this Agreement shall be made in writing signed by both Parties. 

11.6         
 Notices .  All communications, notices, instructions and consents provided for herein or in connection herewith shall
be made in writing and be sent to the address below and will be (a) given in person, (b) sent by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (c) sent by a reputable international overnight courier service. Any such communication,
notice, instruction or consent will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) on receipt if given in person; (ii) three (3) Business
Days after it is sent by registered or certified airmail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid within the same country as
the recipient s address or five (5) Business Days after it is sent by registered or certified airmail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid from another country; or (iii) one (1) Business Day after it is sent via a reputable international overnight courier
service. 

Notices to Ginkgo shall be addressed to: 

Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. 

 27 Drydock Avenue, 8 th  Floor 

 Boston, MA 02210 

 Attention: CEO 

 Attention: General Counsel 

 and 

Notices to Amyris shall be addressed to: 

Amyris, Inc. 

 5885 Hollis Street, Ste. 100 

 Emeryville, CA 94608 

 Attention: CEO 

 Attention: General Counsel; 

provided ,  however , that if either Party will have
designated a different address by notice to the other Party in accordance with this Section 11.6, then to the last address so designated. 

11.7         
 Force Majeure .  No failure or omission by either Party in the performance of any obligation of this Agreement shall
be deemed a breach of this Agreement or create any liability if the same shall arise from a Force Majeure Event;  provided 
that the Party affected by such cause promptly notifies the other Party and uses diligent efforts to cure such failure or omission
as soon as is practicable after the occurrence of one or more of the above mentioned causes. 

11.8         
 Compliance with Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws .  

(a)                      
Each Party shall perform its obligations under this Agreement in compliance with all applicable Laws.   

(b)                     
 Anti-Corruption Laws .   

(i)                
 Compliance with Anti-Corruption Law . In carrying out their responsibilities and exercising their rights under this Agreement,
the Parties shall, and shall ensure that their Permitted Subcontractors shall, comply with all applicable anti-corruption laws
in the countries where the Parties or such Permitted Subcontractors have their principal or other places of business and where
they conduct activities under this Agreement. 

(ii)              
 Certain Covenants regarding Anti-Corruption . Additionally, each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that neither
it nor any of its directors, employees, agents, Permitted Subcontractors or consultants will directly or indirectly pay or give
or promise to pay or give anything of value to any government official or a foreign public official for purposes of (a) influencing
any act or decision of any such person in his official capacity; (b) inducing such person to do or omit to do any act in violation
of the lawful duty of such official; (c) securing any improper advantage; or (d) inducing such person to use his position to affect
or influence any act or decision of government or any legislative, administrative, public agency or other public body, in all cases
with respect to any activities undertaken relating to this Agreement. Additionally, the Parties will make reasonable efforts to
comply with requests for information, including answering questionnaires and narrowly tailored audit inquiries, to enable the other
Party to ensure compliance with any applicable anti-corruption laws. 

(iii)        Breach
of Anti-Corruption Covenants . The Parties agree that a breach of the anti-corruption commitments in this Section 11.7(b) shall
be considered a material breach of this Agreement by the relevant Party and that the other Party may immediately seek all remedies
available under law and equity including termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.2(c) if the covenants under the anti-corruption
commitments in this Section 11.7(b) have been breached by a Party (including by its directors, employees, agents, Permitted Subcontractors
or consultants, as relevant), without owing to the other any damages or indemnification resulting solely from such termination. 

11.9         
 Independent Contractors .  It is understood and agreed that the relationship between the Parties is that of independent
contractors and that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a joint venture or any relationship of employment,
agency or partnership 

between the Parties to this Agreement.  Neither
Party is authorized to make any representations, commitments or statements of any kind on behalf of the other Party or to take
any action that would bind the other Party.  Furthermore, none of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be
construed as a partnership for any tax purposes. Each Party shall select, employ, pay, supervise, direct and discharge all of its
personnel providing services on behalf of such Party, and each Party shall be solely responsible for the payment of all wages,
bonuses, benefits and any other direct or indirect compensation for such Party s personnel, as well as worker s compensation
insurance, employment taxes and other employer liabilities relating to such personnel. 

11.10       No Implied
Waivers; Rights Cumulative .  No failure on the part of Ginkgo or Amyris to exercise, and no delay by either Party in exercising,
any right, power, remedy or privilege under this Agreement, or provided by statute or at law or in equity or otherwise, shall impair,
prejudice or constitute a waiver of any such right, power, remedy or privilege by such Party or be construed as a waiver of any
breach of this Agreement or as an acquiescence therein by such Party, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right,
power, remedy or privilege by a Party preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power,
remedy or privilege. 

11.11       Severability . 
If, under applicable Laws, any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, or otherwise directly or indirectly affects
the validity of any other material provision(s) of this Agreement (such invalid or unenforceable provision, a   Severed
Clause  ), this Agreement shall endure except for the Severed Clause.  The Parties shall consult one another and
use good faith efforts to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute for the Severed Clause in
view of the intent of this Agreement. 

11.12       Execution
in Counterparts .  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Signatures provided by facsimile transmission or
in Adobe  Portable Document Format (.pdf) sent by electronic mail shall be deemed to be original signatures. 

11.13       No Third
Party Beneficiaries .  No Person other than Amyris and Ginkgo (and their respective successors and permitted assignees)
shall be deemed an intended beneficiary hereunder or have any right to enforce any obligation of this Agreement. 

11.14       Performance
by Affiliates .  Either Party may use one or more of its Affiliates to perform its obligations and duties hereunder and
Affiliates of a Party are expressly granted certain rights herein;  provided  that each such Affiliate shall be bound by the
corresponding obligations of such Party and the Parties shall remain liable hereunder for the prompt payment and performance of
all their respective obligations hereunder. 

11.15       Exhibits . 
In the event of inconsistencies between this Agreement and any Exhibit hereto, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 

Article
XII.                   
     ANTITRUST COMMITTEE   

12.1         
 Cooperation . 

(a)                
The Parties have developed and agreed to the antitrust guidelines attached in Exhibit C ( the  Antitrust Guidelines  )
under which the Parties shall operate and which Antitrust Guidelines are a part of this Agreement. The Parties shall establish
a Subcommittee within thirty (30) days after the Effective Date to, in conjunction with counsel, to advise the Parties on such
Antitrust Guidelines. If deemed appropriate by such Subcommittee, the Antitrust Guidelines may be amended.  

(b)               
In addition to the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge that this Agreement relates to the operations of the Parties in the Field
only. The Parties further stipulate that they do not have any agreement on any topic outside the Field, and they shall not have
any agreement on any topic outside the Field unless such agreement is stated in writing, reviewed by the Antitrust Committee, and
approved by each Party s counsel.   

[***Remainder of the Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature
Page to Follow***]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed
this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 

AMYRIS, INC.  

By:  /s/ John Melo                              
         John Melo 
         Chief Executive Officer 

GINKGO
        BIOWORKS, INC.   

By:  /s/ Jason Kelly                           
         Jason Kelly 
         Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT 1.5   

Per Section 1.5, any agreements entered between Amyris and a Third
Party before the Effective Date is not an Amyris Customer Agreement, because, by definition, they are not agreements entered during
the Term. These include, but are not limited to: 

Services Agreement dated [*], between Amyris and [*]. 

Collaboration Agreement dated October 28, 2014, between Amyris and
Genome Compiler Corporation and Genome Compiler Israel Ltd. (acquired by Twist Bioscience) 

GLS Inbound Services Agreement dated [*], between Amyris and [*] 

Collaboration Agreement dated [*] between Amyris and [*] 

Collaboration Agreement dated June 30, 2014 among Amyris, Amyris
Brazil, Braskem, S.A., Braskem America, Inc. and Manufacture Francaise Des Pneumatiques Michelin 

Joint Development and License Agreement dated April 23, 2013 between
Amyris and International Flavors   Fragrances Inc. 

Second Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement dated March
28, 2014 between Amyris and Kuraray Co., Ltd. 

Any agreement with a Governmental Entity (including the Technology
Investment Agreement between Amyris and DARPA concerning [*]; Agreement No.: HR0011-15-3-0001) 

Development Agreement dated June 6, 2014 between Amyris and Takasago
International Corporation 

Collaboration Agreement dated [*] between Amyris and [*] 

Amended   Restated Jet Fuel License Agreement dated March 21,
2016 between Amyris and Total Amyris BioSolutions N.V. 

License Agreement regarding Diesel Fuel in the EU dated March 21,
2016 between Amyris and Total Energies Nouvelles Activit s USA 

Technology License, Development, Research and Collaboration Agreement
dated June 21, 2010 between Amyris and Total Energies Nouvelles Activit s USA (as assignee of Total Gas   Power USA
Biotech, Inc.) 

Amended   Restated IP License Agreement dated July 19, 2016
between Amyris and Novvi LLC 

Letter Agreement dated April 8, 2016 between Amyris and the Bill
  Melinda Gates Foundation 

[*] 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.5   

Research Collaboration Agreement dated June 6, 2016 between Amyris
and Janssen Biotech, Inc. 

U.S. Master Services Agreement dated July 28, 2016 between Amyris
and Biogen, MA, Inc. 

Any agreements between Amyris and a Third Party entered during the
Term that pertain primarily to the [*], are not Amyris Customer Agreements. 

Any agreement between Amyris and a Third Party entered during the
Term under which Amyris and the Third Party are engaged in the [*] are not Amyris Customer Agreements. 

Except for the Products included in Exhibit 6.2(a), any agreement
between Amyris and a Third Party entered during the Term, which is a [*], is not an Amyris Customer Agreement. 

Any agreement between Amyris and a Third Party entered during the
Term under which Amyris and the Third Party are engaged in [*] 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.13 - AMYRIS   

Control  is limited by the restrictions set forth in
all agreements, each as amended from time-to-time, to which Amyris is a party as of the Effective Date, including without limitation
the following: 

Collaboration Agreement dated March 13, 2013 between Amyris and
Firmenich SA 

Supply Agreement dated September 26, 2014 between Amyris and Firmenich
SA 

Collaboration Agreement dated June 23, 2016 between Amyris and Givaudan
International SA 

Collaboration Agreement dated [*] between Amyris and [*] 

Collaboration Agreement dated June 30, 2014 among Amyris, Amyris
Brazil, Braskem, S.A., Braskem America, Inc. and Manufacture Francaise Des Pneumatiques Michelin 

Joint Development and License Agreement dated April 23, 2013 between
Amyris and International Flavors   Fragrances Inc. 

Amended and Restated Research Agreement dated February 14, 2011
between Amyris and Givaudan Schweiz AG 

Second Amended and Restated Collaboration Agreement dated March
28, 2014 between Amyris and Kuraray Co., Ltd. 

Technology Investment Agreement between Amyris, Inc. and DARPA
concerning [*]; Agreement No.: HR0011-15-3-0001 

Development Agreement dated June 6, 2014 between Amyris and Takasago
International Corporation 

Collaboration Agreement dated [*] between Amyris and [*] 

Research and Development Agreement dated April 3, 2014 between Amyris
and BASF SE 

Amended   Restated Jet Fuel License Agreement dated March 21,
2016 between Amyris and Total Amyris BioSolutions N.V. 

License Agreement regarding Diesel Fuel in the EU dated March 21,
2016 between Amyris and Total Energies Nouvelles Activit s USA 

Technology License, Development, Research and Collaboration Agreement
dated June 21, 2010 between Amyris and Total Energies Nouvelles Activit s USA (as assignee of Total Gas   Power USA
Biotech, Inc.) 

Amended   Restated IP License Agreement dated July 19, 2016
between Amyris and Novvi LLC 

Letter Agreement dated April 8, 2016 between Amyris and the Bill
  Melinda Gates Foundation 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.13 - AMYRIS   

[*] 

Research Collaboration Agreement dated June 6, 2016 between Amyris
and Janssen Biotech, Inc. 

U.S. Master Services Agreement and Statement of Work Number 1 dated
July 25, 2016 between Amyris and Biogen MA Inc. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.13 - GINKGO   

Control  is limited by the restrictions set forth in
all agreements, each as amended from time-to-time, to which Ginkgo is a party as of the Effective Date, including without limitation
the following: 

Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated March 6, 2012, between Ginkgo and
[*], as amended on June 9, 2012 

Collaboration agreement, dated July 2, 2012, between Ginkgo and
[*], as amended on April 2, 2013, July 2, 2014, and February 10, 2016 

Master Collaboration Agreement, dated July 4, 2014, between Ginkgo
and [*], as amended on August 12, 2014, and [*] dated August 12, 2014, May 1, 2015, and October 25, 2015 thereunder 

Master Collaboration Agreement, dated October 22, 2014, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

Chemical Commercialization Program Agreement, dated July 22, 2013,
between Ginkgo and [*] 

Master Laboratory Study Agreement, dated February 1, 2014, between
Ginkgo and [*], and the [*] dated February 6, 2014 and October 27, 2014 

Master Collaboration Agreement and [*] thereunder, dated February
27, 2014, between Ginkgo and [*]. 

Collaboration Agreement, dated November 28, 2014, between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Evaluation Agreement, dated August 6, 2014, between Ginkgo and [*],
as amended on February 12, 2015 

Collaboration Agreement, dated August 5, 2015, between Ginkgo and
[*] 

Extension Agreement, dated August 5, 2016, between Ginkgo and [*] 

Master Agreement for Services, dated January 9, 2014, between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Master Agreement for Research Collaboration and Statement of Work
Number 1, dated December 10, 2014, between Ginkgo and [*], as amended on October 6, 2015 

Professional Services Agreement, dated October 15, 2015, between
Ginkgo [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated December 8, 2015, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.13 - GINKGO   

Research Services Agreement, dated June 30, 2016 between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated June 1, 2016, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated May 24, 2016, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated May 2, 2016 between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Collaboration Agreement, dated August 7, 2016 between Gingko and
[*] 

Professional Service Agreement, dated July 28, 2016 between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated August 3, 2016 between
Ginkgo and [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated June 10, 2016 between
Ginkgo and [*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.13 - GINKGO   

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.23   

Per Section 1.23, any agreements entered between Ginkgo and a Third
Party before the Effective Date are not Ginkgo Customer Agreements, because, by definition, they are not agreements entered into
during the Term. These include, but are not limited to: 

Collaboration agreement, dated July 2, 2012, between Ginkgo and
[*], as amended on April 2, 2013, July 2, 2014, and February 10, 2016 

Master Collaboration Agreement, dated July 4, 2014, between Ginkgo
and [*], as amended on August 12, 2014, and [*] dated August 12, 2014, May 1, 2015, and October 25, 2015 thereunder (as it relates
to the scale-up and manufacture of [*]) 

Master Collaboration Agreement, dated October 22, 2014, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

Chemical Commercialization Program Agreement, dated July 22, 2013,
between Ginkgo and [*] 

Master Laboratory Study Agreement, dated February 1, 2014, between
Ginkgo and [*], and the [*] dated February 6, 2014 and October 27, 2014 

Master Collaboration Agreement and the Ingredient Commercialization
Programs thereunder, dated February 27, 2014, between Ginkgo and [*] 

Collaboration Agreement, dated November 28, 2014, between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Collaboration Agreement, dated August 5, 2015, between Ginkgo and
[*] 

Extension Agreement, dated August 5, 2016, between Ginkgo and [*] 

Master Agreement for Services, dated January 9, 2014, between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Master Agreement for Research Collaboration and Statement of Work
Number 1, dated December 10, 2014, between Ginkgo and [*], as amended on October 6, 2015. 

Professional Services Agreement, dated October 15, 2015, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated December 8, 2015, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

Research Services Agreement, dated June 30, 2016 between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated June 1, 2016, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated May 24, 2016, between
Ginkgo and [*] 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.23   

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated May 2, 2016 between Ginkgo
and [*] 

Collaboration Agreement, dated August 7, 2016 between Gingko and
[*] 

Professional Service Agreement, dated July 28, 2016 between Ginkgo
and [*] 

 Collaboration and License Agreement, dated August 3, 2016 between
Ginkgo and [*] 

Collaboration and License Agreement, dated June 10, 2016 between
Ginkgo and [*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

[*] 

Any agreements between Ginkgo and a Third Party entered during the
Term that pertain primarily to the [*] are not Ginkgo Customer Agreements 

Any agreements between Ginkgo and a Third Party entered during the
Term under which Ginkgo and the Third Party are engaged in the [*] are not Ginkgo Customer Agreements. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.23   

Any agreements between Ginkgo and a Third Party entered during the
Term under which Ginkgo and the Third Party are engaged in the [*]. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 1.34   

Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property  includes: 

1.  Intellectual Property conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made or obtained for products
and/or activities primarily related to production of macromolecules, including without limitation, bioactive macromolecules, proteins,
nucleic acids, and polymers.   

2.  Intellectual Property conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made or obtained for products
and/or activities related to any agreements between Amyris and a customer to produce any molecules in the Field using a program
developed through an agreement between Amyris and a Governmental Entity.   

3.  Intellectual Property conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made or obtained from Amyris s
work related to the development, manufacture, or commercialization of products that do not contemplate the use of microbial strains
and fermentation technologies, such as downstream chemical processing of compounds.   

4.  Intellectual Property conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made or obtained from Amyris s
valorization and/or co-production work related to spent microbial cells.   

EXHIBIT 3.1   

PAYING AGENT AGREEMENT  

This
Paying Agent Agreement (this   Agreement  ), dated as of [______], 2016, is by and among: (i) Ginkgo Bioworks,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Ginkgo  ); (ii) Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation (  Amyris  
and together with  Ginkgo , sometimes referred to individually as a   Party   and collectively as
the   Parties  ); and (iii) Citibank, N.A as paying agent (the   Paying Agent  ).  

Introduction  

Ginkgo
and Amyris have entered into a Collaboration Agreement, dated as of September 12, 2016 (the   Collaboration Agreement  ),
which provides, among other things, for Ginkgo and Amyris to form an alliance in the Field, on the terms and conditions set forth
in the Collaboration Agreement.   

Ginkgo
and Amyris acknowledge that the Paying Agent is not a party to, is not bound by, and has no duties or obligations under, the Collaboration
Agreement, that all references in this Agreement to the Collaboration Agreement are for convenience, and that the Paying Agent
shall have no implied duties beyond the express duties set forth in this Agreement.  

The
Paying Agent has agreed to hold and administer the Fund in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.  

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  

AGREEMENT  

1.                  
 Definitions . Except as hereinafter defined, capitalized terms used in this Agreement will have the meanings assigned to
such terms in the Collaboration Agreement. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:  

Business Day   means any
day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or other day in which the Paying Agent is authorized or obligated by law or executive order
to be closed. 

Deposit   means payment of
the entire amount of an invoice, which will equal the sum, minus any credits, of (i) the Actual Cost of Goods Sold for the Product
in the quantity purchased, (ii) ten percent (10%) of such Actual Cost of Goods Sold, (iii) 100% of any taxes owed, (iv) any fees
owed to Third Parties, and (v) any debits. 

Fund   means the amount held
by the Paying Agent pursuant to this Agreement. 

Joint Written Instructions  
means a written notice in substantially the form attached as Exhibit C hereto given to the Paying Agent directing the disbursement
of the Fund, or any 

portion thereof, which shall be signed by an authorized
signer of each of Ginkgo and Amyris set forth on Exhibits A-1 and A-2 attached hereto. 

2.                  
 Appointment of the Paying Agent . Ginkgo and Amyris hereby designate and appoint Citibank, N.A. as the Paying Agent for the
purposes set forth herein, and the Paying Agent hereby accepts such appointment on the terms herein provided. The Paying Agent
shall constitute the agent of the Parties hereto solely to the extent required to execute its duties hereunder.  

3.                  
 Deposit(s); Commencement of Duties . Beginning on the date hereof, in accordance with the Collaboration Agreement, Ginkgo
and Amyris shall instruct their customers to make all payments of invoices (including any credit or debit memos thereto) issued
pursuant to the applicable Customer Agreement(s) directly to the Paying Agent in accordance with the wire instructions attached
hereto as  Attachment A . The Paying Agent shall provide Ginkgo and Amyris with online access to the Paying Agent s
reporting system to confirm Deposits made. Ginkgo and Amyris shall provide the Paying Agent with the appropriate documentation
for a customer that the Paying Agent may request to complete the identity verification process prior to such customer providing
a Deposit to the Fund.   

4.                  
 Maintenance of Fund . During the term of this Agreement, the Paying Agent shall hold and safeguard the Fund in accordance
with this Agreement and shall disburse the Fund, or any portion(s) thereof, only in accordance with this Agreement. As between
Ginkgo and Amyris, the Fund shall not be subject to any lien, attachment, trustee process or any other judicial process of any
creditor of any Party except as otherwise provided in Section 28 below, and shall be held and distributed solely for the purposes
and in accordance with this Agreement.  

5.                  
 Investment of Fund; Tax and Other Reporting .  

(a)                
 No Permitted Investments . The Paying Agent shall maintain the Fund in a  noninterest-bearing deposit account 
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (  FDIC  ) to the applicable limits.  

(b)               
 Tax Treatment . The Parties hereby represent to the Paying Agent no tax reporting of any kind is required giving rise to
this Agreement.   

(c)                
 RESERVED  .   

(d)               
 Statements of Account . The Paying Agent shall provide Ginkgo and Amyris with monthly statements of the balance of the account(s)
in which the Fund is held showing, the beginning and ending balance for the applicable period, Deposits made into, and distributions
made from, the Fund during the applicable period.  

6.                  
 Distribution of Fund .  

(a)                
 Disbursements upon Joint Written Instructions . Ginkgo and Amyris may, at such times as required pursuant to the Collaboration
Agreement or at any other time, execute and deliver Joint Written Instructions to the Paying Agent setting forth payment instructions
for amounts to be distributed from the Fund, and the Paying Agent shall distribute the Fund, or  

portion(s) thereof, in accordance therewith promptly
(and in any event, within one (1) Business Day) following receipt by the Paying Agent of each such Joint Written Instructions and
responses from the authorized representatives under the Agreement for security callbacks. 

(b)               
 Wire Transfers . Any distributions of all or any portion of the Fund made to a Party shall be made by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to such Party pursuant to wire instructions provided in writing to the Paying Agent by such Party.   

7.                  
 Reliance by the Paying Agent; Liability of the Paying Agent .  

(a)                
The Paying Agent may rely upon any written notice, request, waiver, consent, certificate, receipt, authorization or other paper
or document with respect to the Fund that the Paying Agent reasonably believes to be genuine and what it purports to be. The Paying
Agent may confer with its counsel in the event of any dispute or question as to the construction of any of the provisions hereof,
or its duties hereunder, and shall incur no liability and shall be fully protected in acting in accordance with the written opinions
of such counsel. The duties of the Paying Agent hereunder will be limited to the observance of the express provisions of this Agreement
and any Joint Written Instructions. The Paying Agent will not be subject to, or be obliged or entitled to recognize, any other
agreement between the parties hereto or directions or instructions not specifically set forth (or as provided for) herein. The
Paying Agent will not make any distribution of any portion of the Fund that is not expressly authorized pursuant to this Agreement.
The Paying Agent will not be liable to any party hereto for any action taken or not taken by it in good faith under the terms hereof
in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Paying Agent.  

(b)               
The Paying Agent undertakes to perform only such duties as are expressly set forth herein or in this Agreement and no duties shall
be implied. The Paying Agent shall have no liability under and no duty to inquire as to the provisions of any agreement other than
this Agreement. The Paying Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted by it in good faith except to the extent that
a court of competent jurisdiction finally adjudicates that the Paying Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct was
the primary cause of any loss to Ginkgo or Amyris. The Paying Agent s sole responsibility with respect to the Fund shall
be for the safekeeping and disbursement of the Fund in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The Paying Agent is obligated
only to perform the duties specifically set forth in this Agreement, which shall be deemed purely ministerial in nature. Under
no circumstance will the Paying Agent be deemed to be a fiduciary to any Party or any other person under this Agreement. The Paying
Agent shall have no implied duties or obligations and shall not be charged with knowledge or notice of any fact or circumstance
not specifically set forth herein or in Joint Written Instructions. The Paying Agent shall not be obligated to take any legal action
or commence any proceeding in connection with the Fund, any accounts in which the Fund is deposited, this Agreement, or to appear
in, prosecute or defend any such legal action or proceeding. The Paying Agent shall not be responsible or liable in any manner
for the performance by any other Party of such other Party s obligations under the Collaboration Agreement nor shall the
Paying Agent be responsible or liable in any manner for the failure of any other Party to honor any of the provisions of this Agreement.
The Paying Agent may consult legal counsel selected by it in the event of any dispute or question as to the construction of any
of the provisions hereof or of any other agreement or of its duties hereunder, or relating to any  

dispute involving any Party , and shall incur
no liability whatsoever in acting in good faith in accordance with the written opinion or written instruction of such counsel.
Ginkgo and Amyris shall be responsible to pay the reasonable fees of the Paying Agent s outside counsel in accordance with
the provisions of Section 9 hereof;  provided ,  however , solely as between Ginkgo and Amyris, each of Amyris, on the
one hand, and Ginkgo, on the other hand, agrees between them that it will pay 50% of such fees if any, and each of Amyris, on the
one hand, and Ginkgo, on the other hand, shall fully indemnify the other in the event that it pays the other such Party s
portion of such amount. 

(c)                
The Paying Agent shall not be liable, directly or indirectly, for any (i) damages, losses or expenses arising out of the services
provided hereunder, other than damages, losses or expenses which have been finally adjudicated to have directly resulted from the
Paying Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct or (ii) special, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages or losses
of any kind whatsoever (including without limitation lost profits), even if the Paying Agent has been advised of the possibility
of such losses or damages and regardless of the form of action.  

8.                  
 Indemnification of the Paying Agent . Ginkgo and Amyris, jointly and severally, hereby agree that each shall to the fullest
extent permitted by law, defend, indemnify and hold the Paying Agent and each director, officer, employee and agent of the Paying
Agent (the   Agent Indemnified Parties  ) harmless from and against any and all actions, claims (whether or not
valid), losses, costs, liabilities, damages or expenses of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, but not limited to, reasonable
attorneys  fees, costs and expenses) incurred by or asserted against the Agent Indemnified Parties from and after the date
hereof (a) in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, performance of this Agreement or any transactions contemplated
herein,; provided, however, that such Agent Indemnified Party shall not have the right to be indemnified hereunder for any liability
finally adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction, subject to no further appeal, to have the gross negligence or willful
misconduct of such Agent Indemnified Party; or (b) its following any joint instructions from Ginkgo and Amyris, except to the extent
that its following any such instruction or direction is expressly forbidden by the terms hereof. Each of the Agent Indemnified
Parties shall, in its reasonable discretion, have the right to select and employ separate counsel with respect to any action or
claim brought or asserted against it, and the reasonable fees of such outside counsel shall be paid upon presentation of evidence
thereof reasonably satisfactory to Ginkgo and Amyris in the form of customary invoices. The obligations of Amyris and Ginkgo under
this Section 8 shall survive any termination of this Agreement and the resignation or removal of the Paying Agent.  

Solely as between the Parties, Ginkgo and Amyris
agree that the payment by Ginkgo or Amyris of any claim by the Paying Agent for indemnification hereunder shall not impair, limit,
modify or affect, as between Ginkgo, on the one hand, or Amyris, on the other hand, the respective rights and obligations of Ginkgo,
on the one hand, or Amyris, on the other hand, under the Collaboration Agreement. 

9.                  
 Fees and Expenses of the Paying Agent . Ginkgo, on the one hand, and Amyris, on the other, shall each pay 50% of the fees
and expenses of the Paying Agent owed to it on the date hereof for its services hereunder in accordance with the Fee Schedule attached
hereto as  Exhibit B . The fee agreed upon for the services rendered hereunder is intended as full  

compensation for the Paying Agent s services
as contemplated by this Agreement. The Paying Agent is hereby granted the right to set off and deduct from the Fund any fees, expenses
and indemnification rights owed to the Paying Agent under this Agreement that remain unpaid, unreimbursed, and/or unsatisfied after
notice to Ginkgo and Amyris of such set-off and a reasonable opportunity to cure. Solely between Ginkgo and Amyris , each of Amyris,
on the one hand, and Ginkgo, on the other hand, agrees between them that it will pay 50% of all amounts payable under this Section
9, if any, and each of Amyris, on the one hand, and Ginkgo, on the other hand, shall fully indemnify the other in the event that
it pays the other such Party s portion of such amount. 

10.              
 Resignation and Removal of the Paying Agent . The Paying Agent may resign from its duties hereunder by giving each of the
Parties not less than 30 days  prior written notice of the effective date of such resignation. The Paying Agent may be removed
by joint written direction of Ginkgo and Amyris upon 30 days  prior written notice. Ginkgo and Amyris shall appoint a substitute
Paying Agent prior to the effective date of a resignation or removal of the Paying Agent. The substitute Paying Agent shall fulfill
the duties of the Paying Agent hereunder for the remaining term of this Agreement and such substitute Paying Agent shall be a recognized
bank or trust company. Upon the effective date of such successor s appointment, the Paying Agent will take all appropriate
action to transfer all funds and other property including notices or other written communications to such successor, who shall
thereafter be the  Paying Agent  under this Agreement. If a successor paying agent has not been appointed or has not
accepted such appointment by the end of such 30-day period, the Paying Agent may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for
the appointment of a successor paying agent, and Ginkgo and Amyris shall each pay the reasonable and documented costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys  fees) which are incurred in connection with such proceeding. Solely between Ginkgo and Amyris,
each of Amyris, on the one hand, and Ginkgo, on the other hand, agrees between them that it will pay 50% of all amounts payable
under this Section 10, if any, and each of Amyris, on the one hand, and Ginkgo, on the other hand, shall fully indemnify the other
in the event that it pays the other such Party s portion of such amount. Until a successor paying agent has accepted such
appointment and the Paying Agent has transferred the Fund to such successor paying agent or an interpleader action has been commenced
with the payment of the Fund into a court of competent jurisdiction, the Paying Agent shall continue to retain and safeguard the
Fund until receipt of Joint Written Instructions or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Upon delivery of the Fund
to a successor paying agent in accordance with this Section 10, the Paying Agent shall thereafter be discharged from any further
obligations hereunder except for any liability accruing hereunder prior to such delivery. Any corporation or association into which
the Paying Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or association to which all
or substantially all of the escrow business of the Paying Agent s line of business may be transferred, shall be the Paying
Agent under this Agreement without further act.   

11.              
 Notices . All notices, demands or other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given if delivered in person, by e-mail with a signed PDF attachment or fax, by United States mail, certified or registered with
return receipt requested, or by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, or otherwise actually delivered:  

If to Amyris, to:                                    Amyris,
Inc. 

 5885 Hollis Street, Ste. 100  

 Emeryville, CA 94608  

 Attn: [_________]  

 Fax:  

 Email: 

If to Ginkgo, to:                                     Ginkgo
Bioworks, Inc. 

 27 Drydock Avenue, 8 th  Floor  

 Boston, MA 02210  

 Attn: CEO  

 Attn: General Counsel  

 Email: 

If to the Paying Agent, to:                                  Citibank, N.A 

 153 East 53 rd  St, 21 st  Fl 

 New York, NY 10022 

 Attn: 

 Fax: 

 e-mail: 

or at such other address as may have been furnished by such person
in writing to the other parties. Any such notice, demand or communication shall be deemed given on the date given, if delivered
in person, e-mailed or faxed or otherwise actually delivered, on the date received, if given by registered or certified mail, return
receipt requested or given by overnight delivery service, or three days after the date mailed, if otherwise given by first class
mail, postage prepaid. 

12.              
 Assignment . Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights or obligations hereunder may be assigned by any Party without the
prior written consent of the other parties. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to
the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and no other person shall have any right,
benefit or obligation under this Agreement as a third-party beneficiary or otherwise. Notwithstanding the preceding two sentences,
Ginkgo may (i) assign this Agreement and any of its interests, rights and obligations in, to and with respect to this Agreement
to any of Ginkgo s affiliates or any Person acquiring a material portion of the assets, business or securities of the Company
or the Ginkgo, whether by merger, consolidation, sale of assets or securities or otherwise and/or (ii) collaterally assign its
rights and remedies under this Agreement to any agents and lenders (and their successors and assigns and whether current or future)
providing financing to Ginkgo or its affiliates; provided however, that Ginkgo shall provide the Paying Agent with reasonable advance
notice of any such assignment and cause such assignee(s) to comply with all reasonable requests for information by the Paying Agent
pursuant to Section 21 of this Agreement. The undersigned acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding any such assignment, Ginkgo
shall remain liable under this Agreement to observe and perform all of the conditions and obligations herein contained to be observed
and performed by Ginkgo, and that neither a collateral assignment, nor any action taken pursuant thereto, shall cause the agents
or lenders providing the debt financing (or their affiliates, successors or assigns) to have any  

obligation or liability in any respect whatsoever
to any party to this Agreement for the observance or performance of any of the representations, warranties, conditions, covenants,
agreements or terms contained in this Agreement. Any assignment of interest shall be noted in writing to the Paying Agent and such
new person or entity shall provide any necessary due diligence documentation to the Paying Agent as it may request. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 12, in no event shall the Paying Agent be obligated hereunder to (x) make any payments
from the Fund directly to any assignee of any rights under this Agreement, or (y) obey any written instructions delivered pursuant
hereto from any assignee of Ginkgo of any rights under this Agreement, unless, in the case of clauses (x) and (y), such assignee
has become a Party to this Agreement. 

13.              
 Amendment and Termination; Waiver . This Agreement may be amended by and upon written notice to the Paying Agent given by
both Ginkgo and Amyris, but the duties and responsibilities of the Paying Agent may not be modified in any way whatsoever without
its written consent. This Agreement will terminate on the date on which the entire Fund has been distributed, except such provisions,
including without limitation Section 8 and Section 9 hereof, which by their terms are intended to survive any such distribution.
No waiver by any party with respect to any condition, default or breach of covenant hereunder shall be deemed to extend to any
prior or subsequent condition, default or breach of covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising prior or subsequent
to such occurrence.  

14.              
 Multiple Counterparts; Electronic Delivery . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted
by facsimile transmission, electronic mail in  portable document format  (.pdf) or any other electronic means shall
have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original signature.  

15.              
 Invalidity . In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement shall, for any reason, be held
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, then to the maximum extent permitted by law, such invalidity, illegality
or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement.  

16.              
 Titles . The titles, captions or headings of the sections herein are for convenience of reference only and are not intended
to be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.  

17.              
 Cumulative Remedies . All rights and remedies of any party hereto are cumulative of each other and of every other right or
remedy such party may otherwise have at law or in equity, and the exercise of one or more rights or remedies shall not prejudice
or impair the concurrent or subsequent exercise of other rights or remedies.  

18.              
 Choice of Law; Forum; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of New York, without regard to conflicts of laws principles. Any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
shall be brought only in the federal courts located in the State of New York. The parties hereto consent to and agree (i) to submit
to the jurisdiction of any of the courts specified herein, (ii) to accept  

service of process to vest personal jurisdiction
over them in any of these courts and (iii) that this provision may be filed with any court as written evidence of the knowing and
voluntary irrevocable agreement between the parties to waive any objections to jurisdiction, to venue or to convenience of forum.
EACH PARTY HERETO ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED
AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE DOCUMENTS DELIVERED
IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. 

19.              
 Specific Performance . In addition to any and all other remedies that may be available at law in the event of any breach
of this Agreement, Ginkgo and Amyris t shall be entitled to specific performance of the agreements and obligations of the Parties
and to such other injunctive or other equitable relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.  

20.              
 Entire Agreement; Conflict . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral,
with respect to the subject matter hereof;  provided , that nothing in this Agreement shall or shall be deemed to modify or
alter the respective rights and obligations of the parties to the Collaboration Agreement as set forth in therein and, in furtherance
of the foregoing, the parties hereto agree and acknowledge that, as between the Parties, to the extent any terms and provisions
of this Agreement are in any way inconsistent with or conflict with any term, condition or provision of the Collaboration Agreement
(as between parties other than the Paying Agent), the Collaboration Agreement shall govern and control , the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall control the actions of the Paying Agent. Unless and until the Paying Agent shall be notified in writing
that an inconsistency or a conflict exists between this Agreement and the Collaboration Agreement, it shall be entitled to assume
that no such inconsistency or conflict exists.  

21.              
 Patriot Act . To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires
all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. For a non-individual
person such as a business entity, a charity, a trust or other legal entity, the Paying Agent may ask for documentation to verify
its formation and existence as a legal entity. The Paying Agent may also ask to see financial statements, licenses, identification
and authorization documents from individuals claiming authority to represent the entity, or other relevant documentation.  

22.              
 Force Majeure . No party shall be liable or responsible to the other parties, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached
this Agreement, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement, when and to the extent such failure
or delay is caused by or results from acts beyond the affected party s reasonable control, including, without limitation:
(a) acts of God; (b) flood, fire or explosion; (c) war, invasion, riot or other civil unrest; (d) government order or law; (e)
embargoes or blockades in effect on or after the date of this Agreement; (f) action by any governmental authority; and (g) national
or regional emergency (each a   Force Majeure Event  ).  

26.   Security Procedure For Funds Transfers .
The Paying Agent shall confirm each funds transfer instruction received in the name of a Party listed on Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit
A-2 attached hereto, which upon receipt by the Paying Agent shall become a part of this Agreement. Once delivered to the Paying
Agent, Exhibit A-1 or Exhibit A-2 may be revised or rescinded only by a writing signed by an authorized representative of the Party.
Such revisions or rescissions shall be effective only after actual receipt and following such period of time as may be necessary
to afford the Paying Agent a reasonable opportunity to act on it. If a revised Exhibit A-1 or A-2 or a rescission of an existing
Exhibit A-1 or A-2 is delivered to the Paying Agent by an entity that is a successor-in-interest to such Party, such document shall
be accompanied by additional documentation satisfactory to the Paying Agent showing that such entity has succeeded to the rights
and responsibilities of the Party under this Agreement. In the event a Joint Written Instruction is delivered to the Paying Agent,
whether in writing, by telecopier or otherwise, the Paying Agent is authorized to seek confirmation of such instruction by telephone
call back to the person or persons designated in Exhibits A-1 and or A-2 annexed hereto (the  Call Back Authorized Individuals ),
and the Paying Agent may rely upon the confirmations of anyone purporting to be a Call Back Authorized Individual. To assure accuracy
of the instructions it receives, the Paying Agent may record such call backs. If the Paying Agent is unable to verify the instructions,
or is not satisfied with the verification it receives, it will not execute the instruction until all such issues have been resolved.
The persons and telephone numbers for call backs may be changed only in writing, executed by authorized signers of the applicable
Party set forth on Exhibits A-1 and A-2 and actually received and acknowledged by the Paying Agent. Each of Ginkgo and Amyris understand
that the Paying Agent s inability to receive or confirm funds transfer instructions pursuant to the security procedure selected
by such party may result in a delay in accomplishing such funds transfer, and agree that the Paying Agent shall not be liable for
any loss caused by any such delay. 

27.        Use
of Citibank Name . No printed or other material in any language, including prospectuses, notices, reports, and promotional material
which mentions  Citibank  by name or the rights, powers, or duties of the Paying Agent under this Agreement shall be
issued by any other parties hereto, or on such party s behalf, without the prior written consent of the Paying Agent. 

28.  Compliance with Court Orders .
In the event that the Fund shall be attached, garnished or levied upon by any court order, or the delivery thereof shall be stayed
or enjoined by an order of a court, or any order, judgment or decree shall be made or entered by any court order affecting the
property deposited under this Agreement, the Paying Agent is hereby expressly authorized, in its sole discretion, to obey and comply
with all writs, orders or decrees so entered or issued, which it is advised by legal counsel of its own choosing is binding upon
it, whether with or without jurisdiction, and in the event that the Paying Agent obeys or complies with any such writ, order or
decree it shall not be liable to any of the Parties hereto or to any other person, by reason of such compliance notwithstanding
such writ, order or decree be subsequently reversed, modified, annulled, set aside or vacated. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.  

GINKGO BIOWORKS, INC. 

By:______________________________ 
Name: Jason Kelly 
Title: Chief Executive Officer 

AMYRIS, INC. 

By:______________________________ 
Name: John Melo 
Title: Chief Executive Officer 

CITIBANK, N.A. 

By:______________________________ 
Name: 
Title: 

[ Signature Page to Paying Agent Agreement  ]  

Attachment A   

[  Note to draft:    To be provided. ] 

EXHIBIT A-1  

Certificate as to Amyris Authorized Signatures  

The specimen signatures shown below are the specimen signatures
of the individuals who have been designated as authorized representatives of Amyris and are authorized to initiate and approve
transactions of all types for the accounts established under this Paying Agent Agreement, on behalf of Amyris. The below listed
persons (must list at least two individuals) have also been designated Call Back Authorized Individuals and will be notified by
Citibank N.A. upon the release of all or a portion of the Fund from the applicable account(s) unless an original  Standing
or Predefined Instruction  letter is on file with the Paying Agent. 

Name / Title /Telephone #   
       Specimen Signature    

___ ________________ 
        Name 
           
         ____ __________ _ 
        Title 
           
         ____ __________ _ 
        Telephone #  
      ___________________________  
 Signature   

______________________________ 
        Name 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Title 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Telephone #  
      _____________________________  
 Signature   

______________________________ 
        Name 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Title 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Telephone #  
      _____________________________  
 Signature   

EXHIBIT A-2  

Certificate as to Ginkgo Authorized Signatures  

The specimen signatures shown below are the specimen signatures
of the individuals who have been designated as authorized representatives of Ginkgo and are authorized to initiate and approve
transactions of all types for the accounts established under this Paying Agent Agreement, on behalf of Ginkgo. The below listed
persons (must list at least two individuals) have also been designated Call Back Authorized Individuals and will be notified by
Citibank N.A. upon the release of all or a portion of the Fund from the applicable account(s) unless an original  Standing
or Predefined Instruction  letter is on file with the Paying Agent. 

Name / Title /Telephone #   
       Specimen Signature    

______________________________ 
        Name 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Title 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Telephone #  
      _____________________________  
 Signature   

______________________________ 
        Name 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Title 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Telephone #  
      _____________________________  
 Signature   

______________________________ 
        Name 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Title 
           
         ______________________________ 
        Telephone #  
      _____________________________  
 Signature   

Exhibit B   

PAYING AGENT FEE SCHEDULE  

Citibank, N.A., Paying Agent  

Acceptance Fee   

To cover the acceptance of the Paying Agency
appointment, the study of the Paying Agent Agreement, and supporting documents submitted in connection with the execution and delivery
thereof, and communication with other members of the working group: 

Fee: WAIVED  

Administration Fee   

The annual administration fee covers maintenance
of the Fund including safekeeping of assets in the Fund, normal administrative functions of the Paying Agent, including maintenance
of the Paying Agent s records, follow-up of the Paying Agent Agreement s provisions, and any other safekeeping duties
required by the Paying Agent under the terms of the Paying Agent Agreement. Fee is based on Fund being deposited in a non-interest
bearing transaction deposit account, FDIC insured to the applicable limits. 

Fee: $3,500.00 annually  

Tax Preparation Fee   

To cover preparation and mailing of Forms 1099-INT, if applicable
for the parties for each calendar year: 

Fee: WAIVED  

Transaction Fees   

To oversee all required disbursements or release of property from
the Fund to any party, including cash disbursements made via check and/or wire transfer, fees associated with postage and overnight
delivery charges incurred by the Paying Agent as required under the terms and conditions of the Paying Agent Agreement: 

Fee: WAIVED 

Other Fees   

Material amendments to the Paying Agent Agreement: additional fee(s),
if any, to be discussed at time of amendment 

Exhibit C   

FORM OF JOINT WRITTEN INSTRUCTION  

EXHIBIT 4.1   

TECHNICAL DEVELOPMENT PLAN  

This Technical Development Plan ( TDP ) is dated  (month) _(day) __
of  (year) . This TDP hereby incorporates by reference the terms and conditions of the Collaboration Agreement. 

I.                   
 Product and Product Application (e.g. field of use from contract)    

 Include name, InChl and FEMA and/or CAS numbers when possible 

II.        Product(s) Specification   

Include as much detail as possible 

III.        Product Projections   

Include: 

Production organism 

 Maximum stoichiometric yield 

 Productivity 

 Target yield 

 Manufacturing volume (Product tonnage): volume projections for the next 5 years, assuming
success. 

 Cost of goods range: 

 Selling price estimate: 

IV.     Background and Opportunity Summary     

V.     Project Outline     

 Include description of: 

Key tasks (strain and process development) 

 Major deliverables (strain and process development) 

 Major project risks 

 Description of major resource requirements 

 Gantt chart mapping tasks and deliverables onto a timeline 

 R D capital expenditures required 

EXHIBIT 4.1   

VI.        Additional Process and Manufacturing
Plan Information   

Include description of: 

Block flow diagram for projected end to end manufacturing process 

 Brief description of envisioned physical assets required for manufacturing and any key
regulatory or permitting requirements 

Include statement about compatibility with existing Amyris facilities or other manufacturing
options and whether significant capital expenditures may be necessary 

Summary page of cost model for the Product opportunity 

Include estimates for required rate, titer, yield (on major substrate), yield (Product
recovery), and Product purity 

Description of path from lab-scale validation to commercial production 

o  Packaging requirements envisioned (bulk truck, drum, totes, etc.).   

o  List of ingredients/raw materials required.   

o  Capital improvement requirements, if any   

o  EH S evaluation of molecule and process for production   

Is it TSCA listed? Reference number: 

 Detailed description of anticipated host strain (for CTNBio approval): 

 Anticipated process hazards of additional chemicals used in production: 

 Safety Data Sheet for the product, if available 

 Anticipated waste generated: 

 Air emissions anticipated: 

 Additional safety data for assessment, as requested 

Remainder of page left intentionally blank.  

EXHIBIT 4.1   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereby have caused this  Exhibit
4.1  Technical Development Plan to be included as part of the Collaboration Agreement between Amyris and Ginkgo as of the date
first written above. 

Amyris         

By: ________________________________ 

Name: ______________________________ 

Title: ______________________________ 

Ginkgo  

By: ________________________________ 

Name: ______________________________ 

Title: _______________________________ 

EXHIBIT 4.4(a)   

Manufacturing Terms  

This Exhibit 4.4(a) sets forth the manufacturing terms and conditions
(collectively, the  Manufacturing Terms ) for all Products that Amyris shall produce for a customer under an Amyris
Customer Agreements or a Ginkgo Customer Agreements ( Customer ). Amyris and Ginkgo shall ensure that all provisions
relating to the supply of Products under their respective Customer Agreements are consistent with the Manufacturing Terms, and
that all of the Manufacturing Terms that are expressly designated for inclusion in their respective Customer Agreements are so
included 

1)  The following definitions and other terms shall be included in all supply agreements between Amyris
and Ginkgo for Customer Agreements (each a  Supply Agreement ):   

a.  Supplier: Amyris   

b.  Purchaser: Customer   

c.  Product(s): Product to be produced by Amyris for the Customer.   

d.  Product Specification(s): As set forth by the applicable Technical Development Plan.   

e.  Delivery Terms: As specified by the approved Joint Steering Committee.   

f.  Price: The Product price agreed to with the Customer and approved by the Joint Steering Committee.   

g.  Payment Terms: Not more than 30 days upon invoice.   

h.  Term of Supply Agreement: As approved by the Joint Steering Committee.   

2)  In the event that Product volumes for a given Customer Agreement exceed the top end of the volume
estimate for such Product provided to Amyris in the most recent Product forecast, Amyris shall use commercially reasonable efforts
to accommodate the production and delivery of the additional volume by the Customer s expected delivery date. Amyris will
provide an estimate for additional costs, if any, to meet the delivery date for the additional volume and will not commence work
prior to receipt of Customer s approval.   

3)  The Customer will provide Amyris with a rolling forecast for Product volumes. Each such forecast
shall include quarterly volume forecasts for the next four (4) calendar quarters. Unless otherwise agreed in advance by the JSC,
the volumes indicated for the first two (2) quarters of each forecast shall constitute a binding commitment to purchase such volumes
in such quarters. For avoidance of doubt, once a binding forecast is provided by the Customer for a given calendar quarter, such
forecast may not be amended without the prior written consent of Amyris.   

4)  Rights and limitations on use (e.g., for Program markets) consistent with the Agreement, shall
be included in (or cross-referenced by) the Supply Agreement.   

5)  Amyris and Ginkgo obligations under the Agreement with respect to Strain engineering, if any, and
up-scaling that is covered under Incentive Payments, concludes at the delivery of a technical transfer package that has been validated
by at least one Pilot Run that is Successful. After this step, any work Amyris or Ginkgo performs is deemed part of its Product
manufacturing work.    

a.   Pilot Run  is defined as fermentation at a maximum 300 liter tank capacity and associated
downstream processing. Such downstream processing will include any necessary steps to achieve a result from which the final Product
can be derived. For clarity, any final chemical processing steps that are industry standard and proven may be excluded from a Pilot
Run.   

b.   Successful  in connection with a Pilot Run means that Amyris has demonstrated the
ability to produce the Product within the defined final Product specifications or the defined specifications needed to complete
the remaining downstream processing steps.   

EXHIBIT 4.4(a)   

6)  Amyris shall be responsible for indirect costs associated with the startup of production of a Product,
including without limitation licenses, approvals, and permits necessary for performance

EXHIBIT 4.4(a)   

of services, up to a maximum aggregate amount of $[*] per
Product. Any amounts above $[*]will be billed to the Customer.     

7)  The Parties agree that the Customer shall be responsible for any licenses, authorizations, approvals,
permits, and the like required for the distribution and sale of the Product.   

8)  Amyris shall be responsible for all procurement and personnel required for the production of a
Product.   

9)  Amyris shall provide Ginkgo with a standard supply agreement template for reference and use by
Ginkgo and Amyris in the negotiation of Customer Agreements.   

10)  Ginkgo shall involve Amyris in the negotiation and approval of any manufacturer liabilities, representations
and warranties for a Ginkgo Customer Agreement to the extent that any such provisions deviate from the standard provisions included
in the template described in paragraph 9, above.   

11)  If for any reason a Product under a Customer Agreement is to be no longer supplied by Amyris, the
Customer will purchase all Product that is currently in production and all Product in Amyris  owned inventory, to the extent
such current production or inventory was based on any binding estimates or purchase orders. If the Product is also sold to another
customer, Amyris will deduct the forecasted demand for that Product from the amount the Customer will be required to purchase from
Amyris.   

12)  In the event a Customer requests a change in production of a Product under an existing Customer
Agreement that increases production costs, Amyris will provide a cost estimate for the Customer to approve prior to implementing
the change.   

13)  Ginkgo will manage and maintain the manufacturing Strain banks for all Products under a Ginkgo
Customer Agreement and demonstrate standard QC checks for such Strain banks. The standard test protocol for such Strain banks is
as follows:   

 [*] 

14)  Amyris will manage and maintain the manufacturing Strain banks for all Products under an Amyris
Customer Agreement and demonstrate standard QC checks for such Strain banks. The standard test protocol for such Strain banks is
as follows:   

 [*] 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 4.4(b)   

Supplier Restrictions  

In the event that Amyris engages a Third Party to manufacture Products
under Section 4.4 of the Agreement or Ginkgo engages a Third Party to manufacture Products under Section [6.2(a)(v)] of the Agreement
(Amyris or Ginkgo, as applicable, the  Contracting Party  and the Third Party, the  Permitted Manufacturer ),
the Contracting Party shall include in any agreement with the Permitted Manufacturer (the  Third Party Manufacturing Agreement )
the following substantive terms and provisions: 

1. Permitted Manufacturer will confine its manufacturing of the
Product to the following geographic territories: [*] and any other countries, or territories as may be agreed in writing by the
Parties  respective Executive Officers from time to time. 

2. The Party that is not the Contracting Party (the  Non-Contracting
Party ) will have the right, upon reasonable prior notice and during normal business hours, to accompany the Contracting
Party on an inspection of the facility at which the Product is manufactured (the  Permitted Facility ) at least once
per year. 

3. The Non-Contracting Party will be named as a third party beneficiary
to the agreement between Contracting Party and the Permitted Manufacturer, with the express right to pursue claims against the
Permitted Manufacturer in the event of a breach of any of the provisions set forth in this  Exhibit 4.4 (b)  

4. As between the Parties, The Contracting Party will have the primary
right to pursue actions required to protect the Strain used for production of the applicable Product(s) and related intellectual
property vis-a-vis the Permitted Manufacturer. 

5. Permitted Manufacturer will agree to (a) hold Confidential Information
(including, but not limited to, process technology, confidential information related to the Strain, know-how and other confidential
information and technology of the Parties) in confidence and take all reasonable precautions to protect such Confidential Information
(subject to customary exceptions) and (b) subject to customary exceptions, not divulge any such Confidential Information or any
information derived therefrom to any Third Party. 

6. Permitted Manufacturer covenants not to reverse engineer the
applicable Strain used in production, not to engineer any strains from such Strain, not to use such Strain except to manufacture
and supply the Product to the Contracting Party as permitted under the Agreement and pursuant to the Third Party Manufacturing
Agreement, and not to distribute, disclose or transfer such Strain or any related intellectual property to any Third Party or to
any location or facility that is not a Permitted Facility, and in the event of such transfer, the Contracting Party shall notify
the Non-Contracting Party in writing at least thirty (30) days in advance of the transfer. 

7. Permitted Manufacturer shall represent and warrant that its manufacture
and supply of the Product to the Contracting Party will be conducted in accordance with agreed commercial specifications and manufactured
in accordance with the reasonable instructions provided by the Contracting Party and with all applicable Laws. 

8. Permitted Manufacturer shall maintain insurance of the type,
minimum rating and in amounts not less than is customary for similarly situated manufacturers. 

9. The Contracting Party shall use its best efforts to cause Permitted
Manufacturer to grant each Party a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use any process improvements with respect to the manufacture
of the Product that are conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made by Permitted Manufacturer. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT 4.4(b)   

10. In the event that Permitted Manufacturer ceases to use any Strain
for production of the Product under the Third Party Manufacturing Agreement, or in the event of a termination or expiration of
the Third Party Manufacturing Agreement, Permitted Manufacturer shall promptly return any such Strain or, at the Contracting Party s
election, destroy such Strain. 

11. Permitted Manufacturer will defend, indemnify and hold harmless
the Parties for any direct losses incurred by the Parties or any Amyris Indemnified Party or Ginkgo Indemnified Party, as applicable,
arising from or as a result of its willful misconduct or gross negligence or a breach of any provision of the Third Party Manufacturing
Agreement, including any representation, warranty or covenant thereunder. 

Table 1  

Product   
       Sourcing Party   
       Customer Agreement   

[*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]  

[*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]  

[*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]  

[*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]  

[*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]  

[*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]  

[*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]  

[*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed as of the Effective Date  

[*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed as of the Effective Date  

[*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed yet as of the Effective Date  

[*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed yet as of the Effective Date   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed yet as of the Effective Date   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed yet as of the Effective Date   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed yet as of the Effective Date   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed yet as of the Effective Date   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      No contract signed yet as of the Effective Date   
 
      Molecules stemming from [*]  
      Amyris  
      No contract signed as of the Effective Date  

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Table 2  

Product   
       Sourcing Party   
       Customer Agreement    
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      beta-pinene (IFF)  
      Amyris  
      Joint Development and License Agreement dated April 23, 2013 between Amyris and International Flavors   Fragrances Inc.   

duct   
       Sourcing Party   
       Customer Agreement    
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      other [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Table 3  

Product    
       Sourcing Party   
       Customer Agreement    
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Amyris  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      [*]   
 
      [*]  
      Ginkgo  
      [*]   

Table 4  

Within 30 days of the Effective Date, the JSC will proscribe a method for calculation
of COGS savings using the listed COGS models. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Table 5  

Amyris Excluded Product   
       Ginkgo Excluded Product    
 
      [*]  
      [*]   

[*]   

[*]   

[*]   

[*]   

[*]   

Chemical small molecule compounds in the Field for which the customer does not require Third Party manufacturing.   

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

EXHIBIT A   

NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED
(I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED,
OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY,
THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING
ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES. 

WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK  

Company:  
      Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation   
 
      Warrant Certificate:  
      GW-1   
 
      Number of Shares:  
      5,000,000   
 
      Class of Stock:  
      Common Stock   
 
      Warrant Price:  
      $0.50 per share   
 
      Issue Date:  
      August 4, 2016   
 
      Expiration Date:  
      The 1st anniversary of the Issue Date   

THIS WARRANT CERTIFIES THAT, for good and valuable
consideration, GINKGO BIOWORKS, INC. (together with any registered holder from time to time of this Warrant or any holder of the
shares issuable or issued upon exercise of this Warrant,   Holder  ) is entitled to purchase the number of fully
paid and nonassessable shares of the class of securities of the Company at the Warrant Price, all as set forth above and as adjusted
pursuant to Article 2 of this Warrant, subject to the provisions and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Warrant. 

ARTICLE
1     EXERCISE.   

          Exercise . This Warrant shall be exercisable for 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.0001
per share (the   Common Stock  ) (the   Shares  ). The number of Shares and the Warrant Price
are subject to adjustment as provided herein, and all references to  Shares  and  Warrant Price  herein
shall be deemed to include any such adjustment or series of adjustments. 

          Method of Exercise . 

          Mechanics . This Warrant may be exercised by the Holder at any time on or after the Issue Date (an   Exercise
Date  ), in whole or in part, by delivery (whether via facsimile or otherwise) of a written notice, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A (the   Exercise Notice  ), of the Holder s election to exercise this Warrant. Within
one (1) Trading Day following an exercise of this Warrant as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver payment to the Company of an amount
equal to the Warrant Price in effect on the date of such exercise multiplied by the number of Shares as to which this Warrant was
so exercised (the   Aggregate Warrant Price  ) in cash or via wire transfer of immediately available funds if
the Holder did not notify the Company in such Exercise Notice that such exercise was made pursuant to a Cashless Exercise (as defined
in Section 1.3). The Holder shall not be required to deliver the original of this Warrant in order to effect an exercise hereunder.
Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice with respect to less than all of the Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation
of the original of this Warrant and issuance of a new Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining number of Shares.

Execution and delivery of an Exercise Notice for all of the then-remaining Shares shall have the same effect as cancellation of
the original of this Warrant after delivery of the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. On or before the later of the third
(3rd) Trading Day following the date on which the Company has received such Exercise Notice and one (1) Trading Day after the Company s
receipt of the Aggregate Warrant Price (or valid notice of a Cashless Exercise) (such later date, the   Share Delivery
Deadline  ), the Company shall, (X) provided that the Company s Common Stock transfer agent (the   Transfer
Agent  ) is participating in The Depository Trust Company (  DTC  ) Fast Automated Securities Transfer
Program, upon the request of the Holder, credit such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled
pursuant to such exercise to the Holder s or its designee s balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal
at Custodian system, or (Y) if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program, upon
the request of the Holder, issue and deliver (via reputable overnight courier) to the address as specified in the Exercise Notice,
a certificate, registered in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder
shall be entitled pursuant to such exercise. Upon delivery of an Exercise Notice, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
purposes to have become the holder of record of the Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective
of the date such Shares are credited to the Holder s DTC account or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such
Shares (as the case may be). If this Warrant is submitted in connection with any exercise pursuant to this Section 1 and the number
of Shares represented by this Warrant submitted for exercise is greater than the number of Shares being acquired upon an exercise
and upon surrender of this Warrant to the Company by the Holder, then the Company shall as soon as practicable and in no event
later than three (3) business days after any exercise and at its own expense, issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee)
a new Warrant representing the right to purchase the number of Shares purchasable immediately prior to such exercise under this
Warrant, less the number of Shares with respect to which this Warrant is exercised. No fractional shares of Common Stock are to
be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant, but rather the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued shall be rounded down
to the nearest whole number. The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp, issuance and similar taxes, costs and expenses
(including, without limitation, fees and expenses of the Transfer Agent) that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery
of Shares upon exercise of this Warrant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s failure to deliver Shares to the Holder
on or prior to Share Delivery Deadline shall not be deemed to be a breach of this Warrant, provided that the Company is in compliance
with the other provisions of this Warrant, including without limitation Section 1.2(b). 

Company s Failure to Timely Deliver Securities . If the Company shall fail, for any reason or for no reason,
on or prior to the Share Delivery Deadline, if the Transfer Agent is not participating in the DTC Fast Automated Securities Transfer
Program, to issue and deliver to the Holder (or its designee) a certificate for the number of Shares to which the Holder is entitled
and register such Shares on the Company s share register or, if the Transfer Agent is participating in the DTC Fast Automated
Securities Transfer Program, to credit the balance account of the Holder or the Holder s designee with DTC for such number
of Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder s exercise of this Warrant (as the case may be), and if on or after
such Share Delivery Deadline the Holder purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise
that the Holder anticipated receiving from the Company (a   Buy-In  ), then, in addition to all other remedies
available to the Holder, the Company shall, within three (3) business days after the Holder s request and in the Holder s
discretion, either (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage
commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including, without limitation,
by any other Person in respect, or on behalf, of the Holder) (the   Buy-In Price  ), at which point the Company s
obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate (and to issue such shares of Common Stock) or credit the balance account of
such Holder or such Holder s designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Shares to which the Holder is entitled upon
the Holder s exercise hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such Shares) shall terminate and the applicable Exercise
Notice shall be disregarded as if never submitted by the Holder, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and deliver
to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such Shares or credit the balance account of such Holder or such Holder s
designee, as applicable, with DTC for the number of Shares to which the Holder  

is entitled upon the Holder s exercise hereunder
(as the case may be) and pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price over the product
of (A) such number of Shares multiplied by (B) the average closing price of the Common Stock across all Trading Days during the
period commencing on the date of the applicable Exercise Notice and ending on the date of such issuance and payment under this
clause (ii). Nothing shall limit the Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in
equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s
failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock (or to electronically deliver such shares of Common
Stock) upon the exercise of this Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

Cashless Exercise Right . In lieu of exercising this Warrant by making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to
be made to the Company upon such exercise in payment of the Aggregate Warrant Price pursuant to Article 1.2, Holder may elect instead
to receive upon such exercise the  Net Number  of shares of Common Stock determined according to the following formula
(a   Cashless Exercise  ): 

 Net Number =  (A x B) - (A x C)  

 B 

For purposes of the foregoing formula: 

A= the total number of shares with respect to which this Warrant
is then being exercised. 

B= the fair market value of each Share, which shall be
(i) the average for the five Trading Days immediately prior to the date of determination thereof of the last reported sale price
regular way on each such day, (ii) in the case no such sale takes place on any such day, the average of the reported closing bid
and asked prices regular way of the shares of Common Stock on such day, in each case as quoted on the Principal Market, as reported
by Bloomberg or such other principal securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the shares of Common Stock are
then traded, or (iii) in the case the shares of Common Stock are not traded publically on the Principal Market, the value mutually
agreed up by the Company and the Holder. 

C= the Warrant Price then in effect for the applicable Shares at the time
of such exercise. 

Delivery of Certificate and New Warrant . Promptly after Holder exercises or converts this Warrant, and, if applicable,
the Company receives payment of the aggregate Warrant Price, the Company shall deliver to Holder certificates for the Shares acquired
and, if this Warrant has not been fully exercised or converted and has not expired, a new Warrant representing the Shares not so
acquired. Holder shall be deemed to own and have all of the rights associated with any Shares or other securities or property to
which it is entitled pursuant to this Warrant upon the exercise or conversion of the Warrant in accordance with this Article 1. 

Replacement of Warrants . On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction
or mutilation of this Warrant and in the case of loss, theft or destruction, on delivery of an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory
in form and amount to the Company or, in the case of mutilation on surrender and cancellation of this Warrant, the Company shall
execute and deliver, in lieu of this Warrant, a new warrant of like tenor. 

Treatment of Warrant Upon Acquisition of Company . 

Acquisition  . For the purpose of this Warrant,   Acquisition   shall mean the occurrence
of any of the following: (i) the consolidation of the Company with, or the merger of the Company with or into, another  person 
(as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the   Exchange Act  )),
or the sale, lease, exclusive license, transfer, conveyance or other disposition, in one or a series of related transactions, of
all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the consolidation of another  person 
with, or the merger of another  person  into, the Company, other than in each case pursuant to a transaction in which
the  persons  that  beneficially owned  (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the
Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, the Voting Shares (as defined below) of the Company immediately prior to the transaction
 beneficially own , directly or indirectly, Voting Shares representing at least a majority of the total voting power
of all outstanding classes of voting stock of the surviving or transferee person; (ii) the adoption by the Company of a plan
relating to the liquidation or dissolution of the Company; (iii) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation,
any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any  person  becomes the  beneficial owner  directly
or indirectly, of more than 50% of the Voting Shares of the Company (measured by voting power rather than number of shares); or
(iv) during any period of 24 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the Company s Board of Directors cease to be
composed of individuals (A) who were members of the Board of Directors on the first day of such period, (B) whose election, nomination
or appointment to the Board of Directors was approved by at least a majority of the individuals referred to in clause (A) above
or (C) whose election, nomination or appointment to the Board was approved by at least a majority of the individuals referred to
in clauses (A) and (B) taken together. For the purposes of this Article 1.6.1,   Voting Shares   of any person
shall mean capital shares or capital stock of such person which ordinarily has voting power for the election of directors (or persons
performing similar functions) of such person. 

Notice of Acquisition .  The Company shall provide Holder with written notice of an Acquisition (together with
such reasonable information as Holder may request in connection with such contemplated Acquisition giving rise to such notice),
which is to be delivered to Holder not less than ten (10) days prior to the closing of the proposed Acquisition. 

Treatment of Warrant at Cash/Public Acquisition . In the event of an Acquisition in which the consideration to be
received by the Company s stockholders consists solely of cash, solely of Marketable Securities or a combination of cash
and Marketable Securities (a   Cash/Public Acquisition  ), and the fair market value of one Share as determined
in accordance with Section 1.3 above would be greater than the Warrant Price in effect on such date immediately prior to such
Cash/Public Acquisition, and Holder has not exercised this Warrant pursuant to Article 1 above as to all Shares, then this Warrant
shall automatically be deemed to be exercised as a Cashless Exercise pursuant to Section 1.3 above as to all Shares effective
immediately prior to and contingent upon the consummation of a Cash/Public Acquisition. In the event of a Cash/Public Acquisition
where the fair market value of one Share as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above would be less than the Warrant
Price in effect immediately prior to such Cash/Public Acquisition, then this Warrant will expire immediately prior to the consummation
of such Cash/Public Acquisition, unless the Holder elects to exercise the Warrant prior to the consummation of such Cash/Public
Acquisition. 

Treatment of Warrant at Acquisition other than Cash/Public Acquisition . Upon the closing of any Acquisition other
than a Cash/Public Acquisition, unless Holder agrees otherwise in writing (but without obligation to do so), the acquiring, surviving
or successor entity shall assume the obligations of this Warrant, and this Warrant shall thereafter be exercisable for the same
securities and/or other property as would have been paid for the Shares issuable upon exercise of the unexercised portion of this
Warrant as if such Shares were outstanding on and as of the closing of such Acquisition, subject to further adjustment from time
to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. 

Insufficient Authorized Shares . If at any time while the Warrant remains outstanding the Company does not have a
sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to satisfy its obligation to reserve for issuance upon exercise
of the Warrant at least a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100% (the   Required Reserve Amount  ) of
the number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be necessary to effect the exercise of the Warrant then outstanding,
then the Company shall immediately take all action necessary to increase the Company s authorized shares of Common Stock
to an amount sufficient to allow the Company to reserve the Required Reserve Amount for the Warrant then outstanding. 

ADJUSTMENTS TO THE SHARES.   

Stock Dividends, Splits, Etc . If the Company declares or pays a dividend on the Shares payable in common stock of
the Company, or other securities, then upon exercise of this Warrant, for each Share acquired, Holder shall receive, without cost
to Holder, the total number and kind of shares of common stock of the Company to which Holder would have been entitled had Holder
owned the Shares of record as of the date the dividend occurred. If the Company subdivides the Shares by reclassification or otherwise
into a greater number of shares or takes any other action which increases the amount of stock for which this Warrant is exercisable,
the number of Shares subject to the Warrant shall be proportionately increased and the Warrant Price shall be proportionately decreased.
If the outstanding shares are combined or consolidated, by reclassification or otherwise, into a lesser number of shares, the Warrant
Price shall be proportionately increased and the number of Shares subject to the Warrant shall be proportionately decreased. 

Reclassification, Exchange, Combinations or Substitution . Upon any reclassification, exchange, substitution, reorganization,
recapitalization or other event that results in a change of the number and/or class of the securities issuable upon exercise or
conversion of this Warrant (other than an Acquisition which is subject to the provisions of Article 1.6), Holder shall be entitled
to receive, upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant the number and kind of securities and property that Holder would have received
for the Shares if this Warrant had been exercised immediately before such reclassification, exchange, substitution, or other event.
The Company or its successor shall promptly issue to Holder an amendment to this Warrant setting forth the number and kind of such
new securities or other property issuable upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant as a result of such reclassification, exchange,
substitution or other event that results in a change of the number and/or class of securities issuable upon exercise or conversion
of this Warrant. The amendment to this Warrant shall provide for adjustments which shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable
to the adjustments provided for in this Article 2 including, without limitation, adjustments to the Warrant Price and to the number
of securities or property issuable upon exercise of the new Warrant. The provisions of this Article 2.2 shall similarly apply to
successive reclassifications, exchanges, substitutions, or other events. 

Other Adjustment Events . If any event occurs of the type contemplated by the provisions of this Article 2 but not
expressly provided for by such provisions, then the Company s Board of Directors will make an appropriate adjustment in the
Warrant Price and the number of Warrant Shares so as to protect the rights of the Holder; provided that no such adjustment pursuant
to this Article 2.4 will increase the Warrant Price or decrease the number of Shares as otherwise determined pursuant to this Article
2. 

No Impairment . Without the consent of the Holder, the Company shall not by amendment of its Certificate of Incorporation
or through a reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue, or sale of securities or any other
voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed under this
Warrant by the Company, but shall at all times in good faith assist in carrying out of all  

the provisions of this Article 2 and
in taking all such action as may be necessary or appropriate to protect Holder s rights under this Article 2 against impairment. 

Fractional Shares . No fractional Shares shall be issuable upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant and the number
of Shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. If a fractional share interest arises upon any exercise
or conversion of the Warrant, the Company shall eliminate such fractional share interest by paying Holder in cash equivalent to
the amount computed by multiplying the fractional interest by the fair market value of a full Share (as determined pursuant to
Section 1.3 of this Warrant). 

Certificate as to Adjustments . Upon each adjustment of the Warrant Price and Shares, the Company shall promptly notify
Holder in writing, and, at the Company s expense, promptly compute such adjustment, and furnish Holder with a certificate
of its Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Secretary or a senior financial officer setting forth such adjustment and the facts upon
which such adjustment is based. The Company shall, upon written request, furnish Holder a certificate setting forth the Warrant
Price and Shares in effect upon the date thereof and the series of adjustments leading to such Warrant Price and Shares. 

REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.   The Company represents,
warrants and covenants to the Holder as follows: 

Representations and Warranties . The Company represents and warrants and covenants to the Holder as follows: All corporate
action required to be taken by the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders in order to authorize the Company to enter
into this Warrant, and to issue the Shares upon exercise thereof, has been taken. All Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase right represented by this Warrant shall, upon issuance, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
and free of any liens and encumbrances except for restrictions on transfer provided for herein or under applicable federal and
state securities laws. The issuance of this Warrant, or the Shares issuable thereunder, will not trigger any anti-dilution adjustment,
preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other similar rights of third parties other than as have been waived prior to the
issuance of this Warrant. The Company will at all times reserve and keep available, out of its authorized but unissued share of
Common Stock, solely for the purpose of providing the exercise or conversion of this Warrant, the aggregate number of Shares issuable
upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Shares may be
issued without violation of any law or regulation applicable to the Company or of any requirement of any securities exchange applicable
to the Company on which the Shares are listed or traded. 

All corporate action required to be taken by the Company s Board of Directors and stockholders in order to authorize
the Company to enter into this Warrant, and to issue the Shares at the closing, has been taken or will be taken prior to the closing.
All action on the part of the officers of the Company necessary for the execution and delivery of this Warrant, the performance
of all obligations of the Company under this Warrant to be performed as of the closing, and the issuance and delivery of the Shares
has been taken or will be taken prior to the closing. This Warrant, when executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute
valid and legally binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms
except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other laws of
general application relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally or (ii) as limited by laws relating
to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. 

No Stockholder Rights . Except as provided in this Warrant, and other than with regard to shares of the Company s
Common Stock acquired by Holder other than pursuant to the exercise of this Warrant, the Holder will not have any rights as a stockholder
of the Company until the exercise of this Warrant. 

Charges, Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of certificates for Shares to the Holder or the credit of the Shares to the
Holder or the Holder s designee with DTC upon the exercise or conversion of this Warrant shall be made without charge to
the Holder for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which
taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company. 

Notice of Certain Events . If the Company proposes at any time to: 

 (a) declare any dividend or distribution upon
the outstanding shares of Common Stock, whether in cash, property, stock, or other securities and whether or not a regular cash
dividend; 

(b) offer for subscription or sale pro rata
to the holders of the outstanding shares of the Common Stock any additional shares of any class or series of the Company s
capital stock (other than pursuant to contractual pre-emptive rights); 

(c) effect any reclassification, exchange,
combination, substitution, reorganization or recapitalization of the outstanding shares of Common Stock; or 

(d) effect an Acquisition or to liquidate,
dissolve or wind up; 

then, in connection with each such event, the Company shall give
Holder: 

(1) in the case of the matters referred
to in (a) and (b) above, at least seven (7) business days prior written notice of the earlier to occur of the effective date thereof
or the date on which a record will be taken for such dividend, distribution, or subscription rights (and specifying the date on
which the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock will be entitled thereto) or for determining rights to vote, if any; and 

(2) in the case of the matters referred
to in (c) and (d) above at least seven (7) business days prior written notice of the date when the same will take place (and specifying
the date on which the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock will be entitled to exchange their shares for the securities
or other property deliverable upon the occurrence of such event and such reasonable information as Holder may reasonably require
regarding the treatment of this Warrant in connection with such event giving rise to the notice). 

The Company will also provide information requested by Holder that
is reasonably necessary to enable Holder to comply with Holder s accounting or reporting requirements. 

REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OF THE HOLDER.   The Holder represents
and warrants to the Company as follows: 

Purchase for Own Account . This Warrant and the securities to be acquired upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant
by the Holder will be acquired for investment for the Holders account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the public
resale or distribution within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   Securities Act  ),
and the Holder has no present intention, and upon exercise or conversion will have no intention, of selling or engaging in any
public distribution of the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. Holder also represents that the Holder has not
been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring this Warrant or the Shares. 

Disclosure of Information . The Holder has received or has had full access to all the information it considers necessary
or appropriate to make an informed investment decision with respect to the acquisition of this Warrant and its underlying securities.
The Holder further has had an opportunity to ask questions and receive answers from the Company regarding the terms and conditions
of the offering of this Warrant and its underlying securities and to obtain additional information (to the extent the Company possessed
such information or could acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense) necessary to verify any information furnished to the
Holder or to which the Holder has access. 

Investment Experience . The Holder understands that the purchase of this Warrant and its underlying securities involves
substantial risk. The Holder has experience as an investor in securities of companies in the development stage and acknowledges
that the Holder can bear the economic risk of such Holder s investment in this Warrant and its underlying securities and
has such knowledge and experience in financial or business matters that the Holder is capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of its investment in this Warrant and its underlying securities and/or has a preexisting personal or business relationship with
the Company and certain of its officers, directors or controlling persons of a nature and duration that enables the Holder to be
aware of the character, business acumen and financial circumstances of such persons. 

Accredited Investor Status . The Holder is an  accredited investor  within the meaning of Regulation D
promulgated under the Securities Act. 

Securities Act . The Holder understands that this Warrant and the Shares issuable upon exercise or conversion hereof
have not been registered under the Securities Act in reliance upon a specific exemption therefrom, which exemption depends upon,
among other things, the bona fide nature of the Holder s investment intent as expressed herein. The Holder understands that
this Warrant and the Shares issued upon any exercise or conversion hereof must be held indefinitely unless subsequently registered
under the Securities Act and qualified under applicable state securities laws, or unless exemption from such registration and qualification
are otherwise available. The Holder further understands that settlement of this Warrant is to be made in Shares and, for the elimination
of doubt, the fact that the Shares delivered on exercise of this Warrant will not be registered under the Securities Act (as defined
below) will not in any way require the Company to settle this Warrant otherwise than in Shares, including without limitation, that
there is no circumstance that would require the Company to settle this Warrant in cash. 

MISCELLANEOUS.   

Term . This Warrant will be exercisable in whole or in part at any time and from time to time on or before the Expiration
Date. 

Automatic Cashless Exercise upon Expiration . In the event that, upon the Expiration Date, the fair market
value of one Share as determined in accordance with Section 1.3 above is greater than the Warrant Price in effect on such date,
then this Warrant shall automatically be deemed on and as of such date to be exercised pursuant to Section 1.3 above as to all
Shares for which it shall not previously have been exercised. 

Legends . This Warrant and the Shares shall be imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form: 

  NEITHER
THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE EXERCISABLE
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT
BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE HOLDER (IF REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY), IN A FORM
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD OR ELIGIBLE TO BE SOLD
PURSUANT TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE
MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.  

Compliance with Securities Laws on Transfer . This Warrant and the Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant may
not be transferred or assigned in whole or in part without compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws by the
transferor and the transferee (including, without limitation, the delivery of investment representation letters and legal opinions
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, as reasonably requested by the Company). The Company shall not require Holder to provide
an opinion of counsel if the transfer is to any affiliate of the Holder, provided that any such transferee is an  accredited
investor  as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act; provided, however, in any such transfer the transferee shall
agree to be bound by the terms of this Warrant as if an original holder hereof. Additionally, the Company shall also not require
an opinion of counsel if there is no material question as to the availability of   Rule
144 promulgated under the Securities Act  . 

Notices . All notices and other communications from the Company to the Holder, or vice versa, shall be deemed delivered
and effective when given personally or mailed by first-class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid (or on the first business
day after transmission by facsimile), at such address as may have been furnished to the Company or the Holder, as the case may
be, in writing by the Company or such Holder from time to time. Effective upon receipt of the fully executed Warrant, all notices
to the Holder shall be addressed as follows until the Company receives notice of a change of address in connection with a transfer
or otherwise: 

 Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. 

 27 Drydock Avenue, 8 th  Floor 

 Boston, MA 02210 

 Attn: CEO 

 Attn: General Counsel 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Latham   Watkins LLP 

 1000 Winter Street Suite 3700 
Waltham, MA 02451 
Attn: 
Facsimile: 

Notice to the Company shall be addressed as follows until the Holder receives notice
of a change in address: 

Amyris, Inc. 
5885 Hollis Street, Suite 100 

 Emeryville, CA 94608 

 Attn: General Counsel 

 Facsimile: 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Shearman   Sterling LLP 

 535 Mission Street, 25th Floor 

 San Francisco, CA 94105 

 Attn: 

 Facsimile: 

Waiver . This Warrant and any term hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated only by an instrument in
writing signed by the parties against which enforcement of such change, waiver, discharge or termination is sought. 

Counterparts . This Warrant may be executed in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same
agreement. 

Amendment . This Warrant may be amended and the observance of any term of this Warrant may be waived only with the
written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

Binding Effect . This Warrant shall be binding upon any successors or assigns of the Company. 

Governing Law . This Warrant, and the provisions, rights, obligations, and conditions set forth herein, and the legal
relations between the parties hereto, including all disputes and claims, whether arising in contract, tort, or under statute, shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its conflict of law
provisions. 

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS.   

   Bloomberg   means Bloomberg
Financial Markets. 

Principal Market   means
The NASDAQ Stock Market. 

Trading Day   means any day
on which the Common Stock is traded on the Principal Market, or, if the Principal Market is not the principal trading market for
the Common Stock, then on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded; provided
that  Trading Day  shall not include any day on which the Common Stock is scheduled to trade on such exchange or market
for less than 4.5 hours or any day that the Common Stock is suspended from trading during the final hour of trading on such exchange
or market (or if such exchange or market does not designate in advance the closing time of trading on such exchange or market,
then during the hour ending at 4:00 p.m., New York time). 

Marketable Securities  means securities meeting all
of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof is then subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d)
of the Exchange Act and is then current in its filing of all required reports and other information under the Act and the Exchange
Act; (ii) the class and series of shares or other security of the issuer that would be received by Holder in connection with the
Acquisition were Holder to exercise this Warrant on or prior to the closing thereof is then traded in a trading market, and (iii)
following the closing of such Acquisition, Holder would not be restricted from publicly re-selling all of the issuer s shares
and/or other securities that would be received by Holder in such Acquisition were Holder to exercise this Warrant in full on or
prior to the closing of such Acquisition, except to the extent that any such restriction (x) arises solely under federal or state
securities laws, rules or regulations, and (y) does not extend beyond six (6) months from the closing of such Acquisition. 

[Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank]   

COMPANY  

Amyris, Inc.   

By: ___________________________________ 

 John Melo, Chief Executive Officer 

AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED:   
 
       HOLDER     

Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc.     

By: _________________________________ 
         Jason Kelly, Chief Executive Officer   

[Signature Page to Warrant] 

ARTICLE
2    Exhibit A   

   ARTICLE
3    EXERCISE NOTICE   

   ARTICLE
4    TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER TO EXERCISE THIS 
WARRANT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK   

   ARTICLE
5   AMYRIS, INC.  

   ARTICLE
6  The undersigned holder hereby exercises the right to purchase _________________ of the shares of Common Stock (  Shares  )
of Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the   Company  ), evidenced by Warrant to Purchase Common Stock No. GW-1
(the   Warrant  ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings
set forth in the Warrant. 

   ARTICLE
7  1.  Form of Warrant Price . The Holder intends that payment of the Aggregate Warrant Price shall be made as: 

____________  a   Cash Exercise   with respect to _________________ Shares; and/or   

____________  a   Cashless Exercise   with respect to _______________ Shares.   

ARTICLE
8  2.  Payment of Warrant Price . In the event that the Holder has elected a Cash Exercise with respect to some
or all of the Shares to be issued pursuant hereto, the Holder shall pay the Aggregate Warrant Price in the sum of $___________________
to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 

   ARTICLE
9  3.  Delivery of Shares . The Company shall deliver to Holder, or its designee or agent as specified below,
__________ Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. Delivery shall be made to Holder, or for its benefit, as follows: 

   ARTICLE
10  [_]  Check here if requesting delivery as a certificate to the following name and
to the following address:  

Issue to:  

ARTICLE
11    

[_]   Check here if requesting delivery by Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian as follows:     

DTC Participant:  

DTC Number:  

Account Number:  

Date: _____________ __,  ___  
           
          _______________________ 
Name of Registered Holder 

By: __________________________________ 
        Name: 
        Title: 

Tax ID:____________________________ 
           
         Facsimile:__________________________ 
           
         E-mail Address:_____________________ 

EXHIBIT B   

ESCROW AGREEMENT 

This Escrow Agreement (the   Agreement  )
is entered into as of [ ] (the   Effective Date  ), by and among Amyris, Inc., a Delaware corporation, having
its place of business at 5885 Hollis Street, Suite 100, Emeryville, California 94608 (the   Amyris  ), Ginkgo
Bioworks, Inc., a Delaware corporation having its principal office at 27 Drydock Avenue, 8th Floor, Boston, MA 02210 (the   Ginkgo  ),
and [ ] (  Escrow Agent  ). Amyris, Ginkgo, and Escrow Agent may be referred to individually as a   Party  
or collectively as the   Parties   throughout this Agreement. 

RECITALS  

WHEREAS, Amyris and Ginkgo
have entered into that certain Collaboration Agreement dated [ ] (the  Collaboration Agreement ); 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Collaboration Agreement, Amyris and Ginkgo are required to establish and maintain a third party escrow of each Party s materials
described on Exhibit A (the  Escrowed Materials ); 

WHEREAS, capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Collaboration Agreement; and 

WHEREAS, Amyris and Ginkgo
desire to appoint Escrow Agent as escrow agent with respect to the Escrowed Materials, and Escrow Agent desires to act in such
capacity, in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows. 

1.   Depositor Responsibilities   

(a)   Each of Amyris and Ginkgo, as a  Depositor , shall make an initial deposit of the Escrowed
Materials to Escrow Agent within three (3) months of the Effective Date. In conjunction with such deposit, the applicable Depositor
will submit an itemized list of the initial Escrowed Materials to the other Party that is not the Escrow Agent, as the applicable
 Beneficiary . From time to time in accordance with the Collaboration Agreement, each Depositor may deposit additional
or updated versions of the Escrowed Materials together with any applicable written instructions regarding return or destruction
of any replaced Escrowed Materials (such instructions, the  Replacement Instructions ). In conjunction with any Replacement
Instructions, such Depositor will submit to the applicable Beneficiary an updated itemized list of the Escrowed Materials resulting
from such Replacement Instructions.   

(b)   Prior to or in conjunction with the initial deposit of Escrowed Materials by a Depositor, such
Depositor shall provide Escrow Agent with written instructions regarding the storage, handling   shipping conditions for the
Depositor s Escrowed Materials (the  Storage, Handling   Shipping Instructions ). Such Depositor may supplement
or revise the Storage, Handling   Shipping Instructions at any time upon written notice to Escrow Agent. In conjunction with
providing or updating any Storage, Handling   Shipping Instructions to Escrow Agent, such Depositor will also simultaneously
provide a copy of such Storage, Handling   Shipping Instructions to the applicable Beneficiary.   

EXHIBIT B   

(c)   In the event of a dispute between Ginkgo and Amyris regarding the contents of the Escrowed Materials,
either (i) upon the initial deposit of such Escrowed Materials or (ii) following the delivery of any Replacement Instructions or
Storage, Handling   Shipping Instructions, then such dispute shall be resolved between them in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Collaboration Agreement.   

2.   Beneficiary Acknowledgment   

(a)   Each of Ginkgo and Amyris acknowledge that, except as set forth in Section 3 below, Escrow Agent
has no obligations hereunder with respect to the sufficiency or functionality of the Escrowed Materials for any purpose.   

3.   Escrow Agent Responsibilities   

(a)   Escrow Agent shall store the Escrowed Materials at its facility located at [ ] in two separate
escrows, one with Amyris as Depositor, Ginkgo as Beneficiary and containing Amyris  Escrowed Materials ( Amyris 
Escrow ), and the other with Ginkgo as Depositor, Amyris as Beneficiary and containing Ginkgo s Escrowed Materials
( Ginkgo s Escrow ) (Amyris  Escrow and Ginkgo s Escrow, each an  Escrow  and collectively
the  Escrows ). The Escrows shall at all times be (i) controlled by Escrow Agent (by ownership, lease or otherwise),
(ii) covered by all and amounts of insurance required by applicable Law and /or as is necessary to fully protect Ginkgo and Amyris
from and against any and all loss, damage, or destruction of the Escrowed Materials, including those set forth in the Storage,
Handling   Shipping Instructions and (iii) accessible only to employees and agents of Escrow Agent authorized to carry out
Escrow Agent s obligations under this Agreement and, pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 3(d) or Section 7(a),
to such limited other individuals who may be permitted to access the Escrowed Materials under those sections. Escrow Agent shall
not transfer the Escrowed Materials to any other facility without the prior written consent of Ginkgo and Amyris.   

(b)   Escrow Agent shall immediately notify Ginkgo and Amyris in writing upon its receipt of the initial
deposit and any subsequent deposits or updates of Escrowed Materials.   

(c)   Escrow Agent shall at all times store and handle all Escrowed Materials in accordance with the
terms hereof and the Storage, Handling   Shipping Instructions and in compliance with applicable Laws. Escrow Agent will immediately
acknowledge receipt of new or revised Storage, Handling   Shipping Instructions in writing to both Ginkgo and Amyris. Escrow
Agent shall at all times segregate (i) the Escrowed Materials contained in Amyris  Escrow from the Escrowed Materials contained
in Ginkgo s Escrow and (ii) all Escrowed Materials from any other materials of Ginkgo or Amyris that are then being stored
with Escrow Agent.   

EXHIBIT B   

(d)   Escrow Agent shall permit the authorized representatives of Ginkgo and Amyris access to the Escrow
Agent s facilities, at reasonable times during Escrow Agent s normal business hours upon notice to Escrow Agent, and
provide each of Ginkgo and Amyris, individually and collectively, all cooperation and assistance as may be necessary or reasonably
useful for Ginkgo and Amyris, together or individually, to inspect and audit the Escrow Agent s deposit facilities and any
records, information, and other materials comprising or relating to the Escrowed Materials, to determine Escrow Agent s compliance
herewith;  provided , that no such inspection and audit will be unduly disruptive of the Escrow Agent's business or operations.   

(e)   Escrow Agent shall, subject to Section 1(c), comply with any Replacement Instructions delivered
by a Depositor in connection with any deposit by such Depositor of additional or updated versions of the Escrowed Materials. Escrow
Agent shall (i) immediately notify Ginkgo and Amyris in writing upon receipt of any Replacement Instructions and (ii) subject to
Section 1(c), comply with such Replacement Instructions at all times.   

(f)   Escrow Agent shall comply with the provisions of Exhibit B with respect to the release of Escrowed
Materials to Beneficiary.   

(a)   As entire compensation for the services to be performed by Escrow Agent hereunder, (i) Ginkgo,
as Beneficiary, shall pay to Escrow Agent the fees and expenses set forth in Exhibit C with respect to Amyris  Escrow and
(ii) Amyris, as Beneficiary, shall pay to Escrow Agent the fees and expenses set forth in Exhibit C with respect to Ginkgo s
Escrow. All payments shall be made in U.S. currency within sixty (60) days after the date of the applicable undisputed invoice.
If the applicable Beneficiary wishes to dispute an invoiced amount, it must provide written notice to Escrow Agent within ten (10)
days of receipt of the applicable invoice. All invoices must be addressed to the applicable Beneficiary at its address set forth
at the signature page or such other address as may be notified by the applicable Beneficiary from time to time, with a copy to
the other Parties at their applicable address.   

5.   Term and Termination   

(a)   The term of this Agreement is for a period of one (1) year from the Effective Date and, if not
terminated earlier, shall automatically renew each anniversary of the Effective Date for additional one (1) year periods (the initial
one (1) year period and any subsequent renewal period, collectively, the  Term ). This Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect until (i) Ginkgo and Amyris provide Escrow Agent with joint written notice of the termination of this Agreement,
in which case termination shall be effective twenty (20) days after the date of such notice; (ii) not more than ninety (90), nor
less than sixty (60) days, prior to the expiration of the then-current Term, Escrow Agent provides Ginkgo and Amyris written notice
of the termination of this Agreement, in which case termination shall be effective upon the expiration of the Term; (iii) this
Agreement is terminated by Escrow Agent pursuant to Section 5(b); (iv) this Agreement is terminated upon the release of all Escrowed
Materials in accordance with Exhibit B; or (v) this Agreement is terminated under Section 8(g).   

EXHIBIT B   

(b)   In the event of the nonpayment of any undisputed fees owed to Escrow Agent, Escrow Agent shall
provide Ginkgo and Amyris with written notice thereof. If the undisputed fees are not paid in full by the non-paying Party within
thirty (30) days of the date of such written notice, then Escrow Agent shall have the right to terminate the Escrow to which the
non-paying Party is the Beneficiary upon ten (10) days  written notice to the non-paying Party and either return to the Depositor
of such Escrow or destroy the applicable Escrowed Materials (unless such fees are paid during such period).   

(c)   Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Ginkgo and Amyris, upon any termination of this Agreement
(other than under clauses (iii) or (iv) of Section 5(a)), Escrow Agent shall, as instructed by the other Parties, either (i) return
the Escrowed Materials to each applicable Depositor or (ii) destroy the Escrowed Materials and certify to the other Parties in
writing that Escrow Agent has completed such destruction.   

(d)   Expiration or termination of this Agreement will not affect the rights and obligations of the Parties
accrued prior to the date of expiration or termination. In addition, termination of this Agreement is not a Party s sole
or exclusive remedy for another Party s breach of this Agreement.   

6.   Indemnification and Limitation of Liability   

(a)   Escrow Agent shall not, by reason of its execution of this Agreement, assume any responsibility
or liability for any transaction between Ginkgo and Amyris. However, each Party shall indemnify and hold harmless each other Party
and their respective affiliates from any and all liability, damages, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney s
fees, that shall be sustained or incurred by such other Party ( Losses ) to the extent that such Losses are attributable
to such indemnifying Party s intentional misconduct or gross negligence in connection with the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement or its breach of any provision of this Agreement. As between Ginkgo and Amyris, in the case of a conflict
between this Article 6 and any indemnification provisions set forth in the Collaboration Agreement, the provisions in the Collaboration
Agreement shall prevail solely to the extent necessary to avoid such conflict.   

(b)   EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF A PARTY S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT, FRAUD, LIABILITY
WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER LAW OR BREACH OF A PARTY S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 7, IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY BE LIABLE
TO ANOTHER PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS, WHETHER ARISING
IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF MAY BE KNOWN IN ADVANCE.   

7.   Confidential Information   

(a)   Escrow Agent shall maintain and protect the Escrowed Materials as valuable proprietary and confidential
information, using at least the same high level of care that it would use to protect its own valuable confidential information
or trade secrets and in no event less than a reasonable degree of care. Except as required to perform its obligations under this
Agreement, Escrow Agent shall not use the Escrowed Materials for any purpose and shall not disclose or otherwise make available
the Escrowed Materials to any third party other than its employees and agents to the extent required for performing its obligations
under this Agreement;  provided , that such employees and agents are subject to confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive
as those set forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Escrow Agent receives a subpoena or similar order from a court of
competent jurisdiction requiring the disclosure or release of the Escrowed Materials, Escrow Agent may comply in good faith with
such order;  provided , that Escrow Agent, to the extent not legally prohibited, gives Ginkgo and Amyris reasonable notice
prior to such disclosure or release, and cooperates with any reasonable efforts of Ginkgo and Amyris to limit or restrict such
disclosure or release.   

EXHIBIT B   

(b)   Escrow Agent acknowledges and agrees that any breach or threatened breach of Section 7(a) may result
in irreparable injury to any other Party for which there will be no adequate remedy at law. Notwithstanding anything herein to
the contrary, in the event of any such breach or threatened breach, any other Party shall be entitled to enforce the provisions
of this Agreement by injunction and seek other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. Escrow Agent irrevocably
and unconditionally waives any requirement that such other Party (i) post a bond or other security as a condition for obtaining
any such relief or (ii) show irreparable harm, balancing of harms, consideration of the public interest or inadequacy of monetary
damages as a remedy in connection with such relief.   

(a)    Supplementary to the Collaboration Agreement . As between Ginkgo and Amyris, this Agreement
shall be considered supplementary to the Collaboration Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and those of the Collaboration Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Collaboration Agreement shall control
the rights, obligations, and relationship between Ginkgo and Amyris.   

(b)    Choice of Law . This Agreement (and any Actions arising out of or related thereto or to the
transactions contemplated thereby or to the inducement of any Party to enter therein, whether for breach of contract, tortious
conduct, or otherwise and whether predicated on common law, statute or otherwise) shall in all respects be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA, including all matters of construction, validity and performance, in
each case without reference to any conflict of law rules that might lead to the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction   

(c)    Right to Rely on Instructions . Escrow Agent may act in reliance upon any written instruction,
instrument, or signature reasonably believed by Escrow Agent to be genuine and from an authorized representative of a Party. Escrow
Agent may assume that any representative of a Party who gives any written notice, request, or instruction has the authority to
do so. Escrow Agent will not be required to inquire into the truth of, or evaluate the merit of, any statement or representation
contained in any notice or document reasonably believed to be from such a representative.   

(d)    Force Majeure . No failure or omission by either Party in the performance of any obligation
of this Agreement shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement or create any liability if the same shall arise from a Force Majeure
Event;  provided  that the Party affected by such cause promptly notifies the other Party and uses diligent efforts to cure
such failure or omission as soon as is practicable after the occurrence of one or more of the above mentioned causes.   

EXHIBIT B   

(e)    Notices . Any notices or other written communications permitted or required under this Agreement
shall be given by facsimile transmission (with transmission confirmed) or internationally recognized delivery service that maintains
records of delivery, addressed to a Party at its address set forth on the signature page hereto or to such other address as the
Party to whom notice is to be given may have provided to each other Party in accordance herewith. Such notice shall be deemed to
have been given as of the date (if a Business Day, otherwise the next Business Day) transmitted by facsimile (with transmission
confirmed) or on the third (3rd) Business Day (at the place of delivery) after deposit with an internationally recognized delivery
service. Any notice delivered by facsimile will be confirmed by a hard copy delivered as soon as practicable thereafter.   

(f)    Assignment . Neither Ginkgo nor Amyris shall assign this Agreement or any of its rights or
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Escrow Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Escrow
Agent shall not assign this Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Ginkgo
and Amyris.   

(g)    Severability . In the event any of the terms of this Agreement become or are declared to
be illegal or otherwise unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such term(s) shall be null and void and shall be
deemed deleted from this Agreement. All remaining terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. If this paragraph
becomes applicable and, as a result, the value of this Agreement is materially impaired for any Party, as determined by such Party
in its sole discretion, then the affected Party may terminate this Agreement by thirty (30) days  written notice to each
other Party.   

(h)    Independent Contractor Relationship . Ginkgo and Amyris understand, acknowledge, and agree
that Escrow Agent s relationship with Ginkgo and Amyris will be that of an independent contractor and that nothing in this
Agreement is intended to or should be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship. No Party has
any right or authority hereunder to assume or create any obligation of any nature whatsoever on behalf of any other Party or bind
any other Party in any respect.   

(i)    Disputes . Any dispute solely between Ginkgo and Amyris concerning the construction, meaning,
effect or implementation of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of any Party hereunder shall be resolved in accordance
with the applicable terms of the Collaboration Agreement. Any other dispute among the Parties concerning the construction, meaning,
effect or implementation of this Agreement or the rights or obligations of any Party hereunder that cannot be settled by good faith
negotiation within thirty (30) Business Days after the first notice of such dispute shall be finally settled by binding arbitration
in Chicago, Illinois in accordance with the then current Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association and
judgment upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant
any equitable and legal remedies that would be available in any judicial proceeding subject to any limits set forth herein. Such
arbitration shall be conducted by a single, independent arbitrator or, if the Parties are unable to agree on such arbitrator, each
Party shall appoint a single, independent arbitrator who must collectively agree on a Third Party, independent arbitrator to serve
as arbitrator hereunder. For clarity, the arbitrator can be either judicial or non-judicial, depending on the nature of the dispute
(i.e., if the dispute is technical in nature, the Parties may elect to agree upon an arbitrator who possesses a relevant technical
background). The arbitrator may rule upon motions to compel or limit discovery and shall have the authority to impose sanctions
for discovery abuses, including reasonable attorneys  fees and costs, to the extent and upon the grounds available for such
in the United States District Courts for the District in which the arbitration is taking place. The decision of the arbitrator
(the  Award ) as to any Action (including the validity and amount of any Action) shall be final, binding, and conclusive
upon the Parties. Such Award shall be written and shall be supported by written findings of facts and conclusions. Within thirty
(30) days of issuance of an Award any payment required by the Award shall be made unless before such date any Party shall commence
legal action to vacate or modify the Award. The Parties to the arbitration may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for a
temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction or other interim or conservatory relief, as necessary, without breach of this
arbitration provision and without abridgment of the powers of the arbitrator. The Parties agree, and agree to direct the arbitrator,
that the arbitration will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any proceedings therein, including
without limitation any pleadings, briefs or other documents, any testimony or other oral submissions and any Award, will not be
disclosed beyond the arbitrator or arbitration tribunal, the Parties, their counsel and any Person (including witnesses, if any)
involved in the conduct of the proceeding, except (i) in any legal proceeding concerning the arbitration, including without limitation
any proceeding to compel or to stay arbitration or otherwise in aid of arbitration, for other relief as described in the immediately
prior sentence, to vacate, modify, or confirm an Award, or to enforce an Award or any judgment based upon an Award, (ii) to the
tax, legal, financial or other professional advisors of such Person who are obligated to keep such information confidential, or
(iii) as may be required by Law. Each Party shall pay its own costs and expenses (including counsel fees) of any such arbitration,
except as may be awarded by the arbitrator pursuant to this Section.   

EXHIBIT B   

(j)    No Third Party Rights . This Agreement is made solely for the benefit of the Parties to this
Agreement and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and no other person or entity shall have or acquire any right
by virtue of this Agreement.   

(k)    Entire Agreement . The Parties agree that this Agreement (together with the Collaboration
Agreement and any existing confidentiality agreement (to the extent in effect), including any amendments to either of them, with
regard to Ginkgo and Amyris) is the complete agreement among the Parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and replaces
any prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications among the Parties. There are no conditions, understandings, agreements,
representations, or warranties, expressed or implied, which are not specified herein. Each Party represents and warrants that the
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by such Party has been duly authorized and that this Agreement has been
duly executed by an authorized representative of such Party. This Agreement may not be modified except by written agreement of
all the Parties. No waiver of any right under this Agreement by any Party shall constitute a subsequent waiver of that or any other
right under this Agreement.   

EXHIBIT B   

(l)    Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which
shall be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one instrument.   

(m)    Survival . Sections 5(b), (c) and (d), 6, 7 and 8 shall survive any expiration or termination
of this Agreement.   

[ Remainder of page left intentionally blank; signature page follows ] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date by their authorized representatives: 

GINKGO   
       AMYRIS    
 
       Signature   
       
       Signature   

Print Name   
       
       Print Name   

Title   
       
       Title   

Address for Notices   

Address for Notices   

ESCROW AGENT   

Signature   

Print Name   

Title   

Address for Notices   

Exhibit A 

 Escrowed Materials 

All items, materials, and other Intellectual
Property required to be deposited pursuant to Section 2.3(e) of the Collaboration Agreement. 

Exhibit B 

 Release of Escrowed
Materials 

Escrow
Agent shall use the following procedures to process any request by a Beneficiary to release any Escrowed Materials to such Beneficiary
(  Release Request  ): 

1.     Release Conditions .    

A
Beneficiary may submit a Release Request to Escrow Agent upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following (the   Release
Conditions  ): 

(a)   The Collaboration Agreement expires or is terminated pursuant to Section 7.2(a);   

(b)   The Collaboration Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.2(b), Section 7.2(c), or Section
7.2(d);  provided , that only the non-breaching may submit a Release Request;   

(c)     If Amyris, as Depositor,   permanently   withdraws
from its business of   manufacturing and commercializing chemical small molecule compounds using microbial strains
and fermentation technologies;   

(d)   If Ginkgo, as Depositor, permanently withdraws from its business of strain engineering and small-scale
process development of chemical small molecule compounds in the Field; or   

(e)     the   applicable Depositor becomes the subject of
an Insolvency Proceeding.   

2.     Release Request .    

Each of Ginkgo and Amyris, as Beneficiary, agrees that
a Release Request shall be made solely in accordance with the Release Conditions. Any Release Request shall be submitted by such
Beneficiary to the Escrow Agent in writing, shall cite the triggering Release Condition, and shall specify the Escrowed Materials
to be released. Promptly upon receipt of the Release Request, Escrow Agent shall send a copy thereof to the applicable Depositor. 

3.     Contrary Instructions .    

From the date of delivery by Escrow Agent of notice of
the Release Request, the applicable Depositor shall have a period of fifteen (15) days to deliver to Escrow Agent written notice
of any dispute regarding the occurrence of the Release Conditions (  Contrary Instructions  ). Upon receipt of
any Contrary Instructions, Escrow Agent shall promptly send a copy thereof to the applicable Beneficiary. In the event the applicable
Depositor timely delivers Contrary Instructions to Escrow Agent, Escrow Agent shall continue to store the applicable Escrowed Materials
without release pending the earlier of (i) joint written instructions from Ginkgo and Amyris to release the applicable Escrowed
Materials; (ii) written notice from the applicable Depositor withdrawing the Contrary Instructions; or (iii) receipt by the Escrow
Agent of an order from a court of competent jurisdiction requiring release of the applicable Escrowed Materials. 

EXHIBIT B   

4.     Release of Escrowed Materials .    

If the applicable Depositor does not timely deliver Contrary
Instructions to Escrow Agent, Escrow Agent shall release the applicable Escrowed Materials to the applicable Beneficiary in accordance
with any written instructions pertaining to the delivery of such Escrowed Materials provided by such Beneficiary, subject to the
terms and conditions of the Collaboration Agreement. 

5.     Right to Use Following Release .    

Upon any release of Escrowed Materials in accordance with
this Exhibit B, such Beneficiary shall have the right to use the Escrowed Materials solely in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the Collaboration Agreement. 

Exhibit C 

 Fees and Expenses 

Monthly Storage Fee: 

$[ ] per cubic foot per month. 

Shipping or Destruction Costs: 

Any shipping or destruction expenses incurred by Escrow
Agent related to the applicable Escrowed Materials will be to the applicable Beneficiary at cost plus [ ] percent ([ ]%). 

EXHIBIT C   

Antitrust
Guidelines   

I.   Scope    

These antitrust guidelines ( Guidelines )
shall govern the operation of the Collaboration formed between Amyris, Inc. ( Amyris ) and Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc. ( Ginkgo )
(each a  Party  or collectively the Parties) on September 12, 2016 (the  Collaboration Agreement ). It
is the policy of the Parties to comply fully with all U.S. and international antitrust laws, and all other laws applicable to its
operations. 

The purpose of these Guidelines is to
assure that opportunities falling outside the scope of the Collaboration, and/or opportunities subject to a defined exclusion,
will be explored by either Party on an individual basis only (except as provided for in certain circumstances below), while opportunities
within the scope of the Collaboration will be pursued by the Collaboration. Thus, this document provides guidance for your day-to-day
conduct. Whenever you have any questions about the possible application of the antitrust laws to any of your activities, you should
consult with your company s General Counsel (See Section IX below). 

II.   Background    

In order to compete in modern markets,
competitors sometimes need to collaborate. Competitive forces are driving firms toward complex collaborations to achieve goals
such as expanding into different markets, funding expensive innovation efforts, and lowering production and other costs. Such collaborations
often are not only benign but procompetitive. The Field of the Collaboration is defined as activities related to the development,
scale-up, and manufacture of a chemical small molecule compound(s) whose manufacture is enabled at least in part by the use of
microbial strains and fermentation technologies. The Parties formed the present Collaboration in recognition of the likely benefits
of developing a biotechnology platform in the Field, which would generate additional possibilities to expand each of their businesses
and stimulate innovation in the Field, as well as improve the ability of the Parties to serve the emerging demands of many current
and potential end-use sectors by offering solutions relying upon compounds within the Field. 

The Parties have worked together to
provide guidance to the business development teams within both Amyris and Ginkgo (collectively  Collaboration BD Team 
individually  Amyris BD Team  or  Ginkgo BD Team ) on how best to source opportunities and to work collaboratively
and cohesively under the Collaboration without triggering certain antitrust issues. These Guidelines are intended to describe the
analytical framework that will assist the Collaboration BD Team in sourcing and evaluating proposed transactions with greater understanding
of possible antitrust implications. 

III.   Exclusions from the Collaboration    

The Collaboration excludes specific
contractual relationships of the Party as outside the Field, as well as excluding certain Party-specific commercial areas (hereinafter
referred to as an  Exclusion  or collectively  Exclusions  when specific to one Party, it shall be referred
to as either a Ginkgo Exclusion or Amyris Exclusion) and are enumerated in Table 1 below. 

Table 1: 

Amyris Exclusions   
       Ginkgo Exclusions    
 
      [*]  
      Any agreement with a customer that does not require Third Party manufacturing.   
 
      Agreements related to the pharmaceuticals market, including without limitation agreements relating to Amyris  [*] platform  
     Any agreement with a customer relating solely to the [*]  
 
      Agreements listed in Section 1.5 and Exhibit 1.5.  
      Certain aspects of the existing agreement with [*] related to the scale-up and manufacture of [*]   

Certain aspects of the existing agreement with [*] related to the scale-up and manufacture of [*]   

Agreements with a Governmental Entity   

Agreements listed in Exhibit 1.23.   

IV.   Opportunities Within the Collaboration    

If a party sources an opportunity that
falls within the scope of the Collaboration (as defined by the Field above) and that is not an Exclusion, the Parties may work
together to share any information necessary to structure a potential Customer Agreement in accordance with the Collaboration Agreement.
For example, the Parties may jointly develop: (i) a unified business strategy that includes a common pricing structure, (ii) a
go-to market position for the Collaboration, (iii) product pricing strategies, (iv) a market, customer and/or geographic allocation
as between the Parties, and (v) common forms or templates for use in the Collaboration. 

V.   Opportunities Outside the Collaboration    

If a party sources an opportunity that
falls outside the scope of the Collaboration (as defined by the Field above) and is not subject to an Exclusion (which is addressed
separately below), the Parties may not work together or share any information related to such opportunities. 

VI.   Ambiguous Opportunities or Opportunities Relating to One Party s Exclusions    

In the event of ambiguity as to whether:
(i) an opportunity is within the Collaboration, (ii) is outside the Collaboration, or (iii) is subject to any Exclusion, the opportunity
should be summarized accurately but generically in order to describe: (a) the name of the third party with which the opportunity
lies, (b) the subject matter of the opportunity, and (c) any other information that may be useful to the Parties in determining
whether such opportunity falls within the Collaboration. The summary should be disclosed promptly to the JBDSC (as defined in the
Collaboration Agreement) once complete. The JBDSC, with input and guidance from the Executive Committee (as deemed necessary by
the JBDSC), will then make a determination if the opportunity falls within the Collaboration, outside of the Collaboration or is
subject to an Exclusion and, if subject to an Exclusion, whether any Products encompassed by such opportunity shall be deemed Refused
Products under Section 6.2(a)(v) of the Collaboration Agreement. 

VII.   General Dos   Don ts    

1.  DO exercise independent judgment and, to the extent possible, avoid even the appearance of collusion
on opportunities outside the scope of the Collaboration.   

2.  DO make all pricing decisions independently of the other Party on opportunities that fall outside
the Collaboration.   

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk
have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with
respect to the omitted portions. 

3.  DO NOT make statements orally or in writing which exaggerate your company's or the
Collaboration s competitive power or which might suggest a predatory intent.   

4.  DO NOT suggest that due to your company s participation in the Collaboration, enhances its
ability to exclude competitors; it is all right to suggest truthfully that these factors enhance your company's ability to do things
for customers.   

5.  DO NOT enter into any discussion with the other Party on opportunities that fall outside the scope
of the Collaboration   if you are not sure it falls outside, talk to your General Counsel.   

6.  DO NOT remain at any meetings with the other Party (including informal social gatherings) where
opportunities outside the Collaboration are discussed.   

7.  DO NOT provide business information to the other Party regarding opportunities outside the scope
of the Collaboration.   

8.  DO document the source of any sensitive information you may obtain about an opportunity outside
the scope of the Collaboration to avoid any later inference that the information was improperly obtained; if you obtain this information
from customers or other third-party sources, document where you obtained the information.   

9.  DO keep these guidelines in mind as you prepare your day-to-day business correspondence and memoranda,
including electronic mail. When matters arise which are related to any of the subjects discussed, consult with the General Counsel
in advance to determine how to prepare the necessary documentation.   

10.  DO consult with your General Counsel immediately if you have any concerns about discussions you
may have had with a Party, at a trade association or elsewhere.   

11.  DO seek guidance from the General Counsel immediately if you receive an inquiry from any government
agency, or from any lawyer who purports to represent a customer, competitor, supplier or other third party with a grievance.   

VIII.   Conclusion    

As mentioned at the beginning, these
Guidelines are not intended to make you experts in the antitrust laws and cannot cover all the problems that may arise. You should
consult with your manager and/ or the General Counsel when you are in doubt about the legality of any business activity. 

IX.   Contacts    

Ginkgo Bioworks, Inc.: 
         Shelby J. Walker 
         General Counsel 

Amyris, Inc.: 
         Chris Jaenike 
         General Counsel, Interim 

Amyris  Disclosure Schedules   

Information contained in any section of these disclosure schedules shall be deemed to
be disclosed for purposes of all other sections of the disclosure schedule to the extent that the relevance of any such disclosure
to any other section of the disclosure schedules is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure. 

Section 9.2  

For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood by the Parties that certain provisions of
the agreements in Exhibit 1.13 limit the rights and obligations of Amyris granted pursuant to Article II of the Agreement. 

Section 9.3(a)  

With respect to section 9.3(a), scheduled exceptions are as follows: 

Security Interest Granted to Stegodon.  Under the
certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 29, 2014, as amended on June 12, 2014, March 31, 2015, October 12, 2015,
November 30, 2015, May 9, 2016, June 24, 2016 and June 29, 2016 by and between Amyris and Stegodon Corporation, a Delaware corporation,
as assignee of Hercules Capital, Inc.( Stegodon ) (the  Loan and Security Agreement ), Amyris has granted
Stegodon a security interest in certain of Amyris s intellectual property and other collateral. 

Ordinary Course Licenses and Sublicenses Granted .
All licenses and rights granted by Amyris under the Agreement and all of Amyris s obligations under the Agreement are subject
to and qualified by the exclusive and/or non-exclusive licenses and the covenants not to compete that Amyris and its subsidiaries
have granted to Third Parties (including the U.S. government in some cases) as of the Effective Date. 

Section 9.3(b)  

Regarding payment of royalty  

Amyris has paid a one-time licensing fee under License Agreement dated [*]
between Amyris and the [*]. 

Amyris pays an annual licensing fee under the following agreements with the
[*]: 

Amended and Restated License Agreement effective [*]. 

Amended and Restated Exclusive Patent and Non-Exclusive Know-how License [*] 

Amyris pays an annual licensing fee under License Agreement dated [*] between
Amyris and [*]. 

Amyris pays an annual licensing fee under the Agreement dated [*] between Amyris
and [*]. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted and filed separately
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions. 

Amyris has paid a one-time licensing fee under the Agreement on [*] between
Amyris and [*] dated [*], Amyris must pay a fee of [*] provided to a third party [*]. 

Regarding receipt of royalty payment  

Amyris and/or its subsidiaries, in return for the licenses and covenants that
Amyris and its subsidiaries have granted to Third Parties as of the Effective Date, receive compensation in various forms from
such Third Parties. 

Regarding licensing to commercially exploit any of Amyris s Intellectual
Property  

See Section 9.3(a) and response in 9.3(b) regarding receipt of royalty payment 

Section 9.3(c)  

During the ordinary course of business, Amyris has ongoing examinations, prosecutions,
and appeal proceedings for patent and trademark applications with the U.S. Patent   Trademark Office and foreign counterpart
offices or government entities. 

[*] 

[*] 

Section 9.3 (e)  

[*] 

Section 9.6  

The molecules contemplated by (i) the Intellectual Property (A) excluded from the definition
of Non-Collaboration Intellectual Property in Section 1.34 and (B) listed on Exhibit 1.34, and (ii) the agreements listed (A) in
the definition of Amyris Customer Agreement in Section 1.5 and (B) on Exhibit 1.5. 

[*] Certain portions denoted with an asterisk have been omitted
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions. 

SCHEDULE 9.1   

Ginkgo s Disclosure Schedules   

Information contained in any section of these disclosure schedules shall be deemed to
be disclosed for purposes of all other sections of the disclosure schedule to the extent that the relevance of any such disclosure
to any other section of the disclosure schedules is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure. 

Section 9.2  

For the avoidance of doubt, it is understood by the Parties that certain provisions of
the agreements in Exhibit 1.13 limit the rights and obligations of Ginkgo granted pursuant to Article II of the Agreement. 

Section 9.3(a)  

With respect to section 9.3(a), scheduled exceptions are as follows: 

Ordinary Course Licenses and Sublicenses Granted . All licenses and rights
granted by Ginkgo under the Agreement and all of Ginkgo s obligations under the Agreement are subject to and qualified by
the exclusive and/or non-exclusive licenses and the covenants not to compete that Ginkgo and its affiliates have granted to Third
Parties (including the U.S. government in some cases) as of the Effective Date. 

Section 9.3(b)  

Regarding receipt of royalty payment  

Ginkgo and/or its affiliates, in return for the licenses and covenants that
Ginkgo and its affiliates have granted to Third Parties as of the Effective Date, receive compensation in various forms from such
Third Parties. 

Regarding licensing to commercially exploit any of Ginkgo s Intellectual
Property  

See Section 9.3(a) and response in 9.3(b) regarding receipt of royalty payment 

Section 9.3(c)  

During the ordinary course of business, Ginkgo has ongoing examinations, prosecutions,
and appeal proceedings for patent and trademark applications with the U.S. Patent   Trademark Office and foreign counterpart
offices or government entities. 

</EX-10.04>

<EX-31.01>
 7
 exh_3101.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 31.01  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(c) and 15d-(14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934   

I, John Melo, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Amyris, Inc.;                                                                                                                                                                            

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                                                                                         

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                                                                  

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                                                                                                              

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;                      

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                                                                                                                                           

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and                                                         

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and                           

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                                                                        

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and                                                  

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/  JOHN G. MELO  

John Melo  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 8
 exh_3102.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 31.02  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(c) and 15d-(14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934  

I, Raffi Asadorian, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Amyris, Inc.;                                                                                                                                                                            

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                                                                                         

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                                                                  

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                                                                                                              

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;                      

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                                                                                                                                           

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and                                                         

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and                           

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                                                                        

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and                                                  

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/  RAFFI ASADORIAN  

Raffi Asadorian   

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 9
 exh_3201.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 32.01   

Certification of CEO Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,

As Adopted Pursuant To   

  Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Amyris, Inc. (the  Company )
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof, I, John Melo, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18
of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge, 

(i) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form
10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/  JOHN G. MELO    

John Melo  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 10
 exh_3202.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.02

Exhibit 32.02   

Certification of CFO Furnished Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,

As Adopted Pursuant To   

  Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Amyris, Inc. (the  Company )
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof, I, Raffi Asadorian, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title
18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
knowledge, 

(i) the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form
10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/  RAFFI ASADORIAN  

Raffi Asadorian   

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 11
 amrs-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 amrs-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 amrs-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 amrs-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 amrs-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 amrs-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

