<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_65770_0001136261-16-000647_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1575327</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>129923</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>129097</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>276303</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>559399</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>438098</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001136261-16-000647.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102160305
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001136261-16-000647
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MICROVISION, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000065770
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS, NEC [3679]
		IRS NUMBER:				911600822
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34170
		FILM NUMBER:		161967796

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6244 185TH AVENUE NE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		425-936-6847

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6244 185TH AVENUE NE, SUITE 100
		CITY:			REDMOND
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98052

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICROVISION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960724

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001136261-16-000647.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 10-Q

September 30, 2016 10-Q  Document 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

[X]       QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
             SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016

OR    

[  ]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ________to _________

Commission file number     001-34170 

MicroVision, Inc.

(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware  

91-1600822   

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

6244 185th Avenue NE, Suite 100
  
                              Redmond, Washington      98052

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code)

(425) 936-6847

(Registrant's Telephone Number, including Area Code)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  YES        
         NO          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files).  YES        
         NO          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a
smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company"
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer         

Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer        
 (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). YES        
         NO          

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of October 28, 2016 was 53,944,000.

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Part I: Financial Information   

Item 1.  Financial Statements (unaudited)  
 
  Page  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   
 
     2   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015

3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
 
     4   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
 
     5   
  
  Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
 
     11   

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
 
     16   

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  
 
     17   

Part II: Other Information   

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  
 
     17   

Item 1A. Risk Factors  
 
     17   

Item 6.  Exhibits  
 
     24   

Signatures  
 
     25   

Exhibit Index  
 
     26   

1

PART I  

 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

MicroVision, Inc. 
 
                       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
  
                  (In thousands, except per share data)
 
                            (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

2

MicroVision, Inc. 
 
                  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
  
                  (In thousands, except per share data)
 
                            (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

3

MicroVision, Inc. 
 
                    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
  
                           (In thousands)
 
                            (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

4

MicroVision, Inc.   
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
              (Unaudited)   

  1. MANAGEMENT'S STATEMENT  

The Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016, the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, have been prepared by MicroVision, Inc. ("we" or
"our") and have not been audited.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary to state fairly the financial position at September 30, 2016 and the results of operations and
cash flows for all periods presented have been made and consist of normal recurring adjustments.  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  The year-end
condensed balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.  You should read these condensed consolidated financial statements in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results that may be attained for the entire fiscal year. 
 We have incurred significant losses since inception.  We have funded our operations to date primarily through the sale of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the
issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from development contract revenues, licensing activities and product and component sales.  At September 30, 2016, we had $5.8 million
in cash and cash equivalents.  The consolidated financial statements are prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. 
 Based on our current operating plan, and without additional proceeds from the sale of shares under our existing Common Stock Purchase Agreement or At-The-Market (ATM) facility
discussed in Note 8, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations into January 2017.  We will require additional capital to fund our operating plan
past that time.  We plan to obtain additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt securities and/or licensing activities.  There can be no assurance that additional capital will be
available to us or, if available, will be available on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis.  If adequate capital resources are not available on a timely basis, we intend to consider limiting
our operations substantially.  This limitation of operations could include reducing investments in our production capacities, research and development projects, staff, operating costs, and
capital expenditures.  Our ability to raise proceeds from the sale of shares under our Common Stock Purchase Agreement is subject to limitations and conditions, including a $1.00 minimum
stock price.  
 We are introducing new technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash flows.  Our capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which original design manufacturers (ODMs) or original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) introduce
products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology and the market acceptance and competitive position of such products.  If revenues are less than we anticipate, if the mix of
revenues and the associated margins vary from anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to fund our
operations.  In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with suppliers of components and systems and equipment manufacturers that may require
additional investments by us. 

  2. NET LOSS PER SHARE  

 Basic net loss per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net loss per share is calculated using the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and the dilutive effect of all potentially dilutive securities, including common stock equivalents and convertible securities.  Diluted
net loss per share is equal to basic net loss per share because the effect of dilutive securities outstanding during the period, including options and warrants computed using the treasury
stock method, is anti-dilutive.   

                                                              5

The components of basic and diluted net loss per share were as follows (in thousands, except loss per share data):  

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we excluded the following securities from diluted net loss per share, as the effect of including them would have
been anti-dilutive: options and warrants exercisable into a total of 9,126,000 and 8,218,000 shares of common stock, respectively, and 60,000 and 60,000 nonvested equity shares,
respectively.  

  3. KEY ACCOUNTING POLICY - REVENUE RECOGNITION  

 We recognize revenue when: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance, (iii) fees
are fixed or determinable and (iv) collection is reasonably assured. 
 We generate revenue from many sources and activities. We enter into arrangements that can include various combinations of product sales, services, and licensing activities.  For
multiple-element arrangements, we use a hierarchy to determine the contract consideration to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair
value (VSOE), (ii) third party evidence of selling price (TPE), and (iii) best estimate of selling price.  To date, our revenue sources can be classified as: product revenue, royalty revenue, or
contract revenue. 
  Product revenue 
  Our product sales generally include acceptance provisions.  We recognize product revenue upon acceptance of the product by the customer or expiration of the contractual
acceptance period, after which there are no rights of return.  No estimates are made for product returns because revenue is recognized upon expiration of the contractual acceptance
period. 
  Royalty revenue 
  Royalty revenue is revenue under license agreements to our PicoP  scanning technology.  We recognize revenue on upfront license fees over the expected time frame that we
provide services or have ongoing obligations under the agreement.  Ongoing per unit royalties are reported by our customer to us on a quarterly basis.  Currently, we recognize revenue for
ongoing per unit royalties one quarter in arrears when reported by our customer, representing when such amounts are fixed and determinable, and all other revenue recognition criteria are
met. 
  Contract revenue 
  We recognize contract revenue on long-term, cost plus fixed fee, and fixed price contracts using the percentage-of-completion method.  Under the percentage-of-completion
method, revenue is recognized as work progresses on the contract.  The percentage-of-completion method relies on estimates of total expected contract revenue and costs.  At the end of
each period, we estimate the labor, material and other costs required to complete the contract using data provided by our technical team, project managers, vendors, outside consultants
and others and compare these to costs incurred to date.  
 Recognized revenues are subject to amendments for actual costs incurred.  Amendments to revenue and costs-to-complete estimates are recognized in the period in which the facts
become known.  In the future, amendments to estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in any one reporting period.  If we are unable to estimate costs on a contract, revenue
is recognized using the completed-contract method.  Under the completed-contract method, revenue and contract costs are deferred and both are recognized when all deliverables are
completed. 

                                                              6

License agreement 
  In March 2015, we signed a license agreement as part of a multiple-element arrangement with Sony Corporation (Sony) for our PicoP  scanning technology.  The license
agreement granted Sony a non-exclusive license to manufacture and sell display modules that use our PicoP  scanning technology. 
 Under the terms of this multiple-element arrangement, we received an $8.0 million upfront payment in March 2015 and we will receive a per unit royalty for each display module sold by
Sony containing our PicoP  scanning technology.  We recognize revenue on the initial $8.0 million payment on a straight-line basis within Royalty Revenues, over a period of eight
years which is the expected time frame that we will provide services under the agreement.  Ongoing per unit royalties are reported by Sony to us on a quarterly basis.  Currently, we
recognize revenue for ongoing per unit royalties one quarter in arrears when reported by Sony, representing when such amounts are fixed and determinable, and all other revenue
recognition criteria are met.  Products delivered under multiple-element arrangements will be recognized upon acceptance of the deliverables by the customer or the expiration of the
contractual acceptance period, after which there are no rights of return. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $79,000 and $732,000, respectively, from ongoing per unit royalties, and $252,000 and $750,000,
respectively, from a prorated portion of the $8.0 million upfront payment.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized $57,000 and $180,000, respectively,
from ongoing per unit royalties, and $252,000 and $597,000, respectively, from a prorated portion of the $8.0 million upfront payment.  At September 30, 2016, remaining unrecognized
upfront license fees are included in current and long-term deferred revenues, amounting to $999,000 and $5.4 million, respectively.  At December 31, 2015, unrecognized upfront license
fees are included in current and long-term deferred revenues, amounting to $1.0 million and $6.1 million, respectively. 

  4. CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS  

  Concentration of credit risk 
  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk are primarily cash equivalents and accounts receivable.  We typically do not require collateral from
our customers.  As of   September 30  , 2016, our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of operating checking
accounts and short-term, highly rated money market savings accounts. 
  Concentration of major customers and suppliers  
    For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, one commercial customer accounted for $3.9 million and $10.8 million of our total revenue,
representing 99% and 91% of total revenue, respectively.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the same commercial customer accounted for $2.3 million and $7.2
million of our total revenue, representing 96% and 98% of total revenue, respectively.  One commercial customer accounted for $1.7 million of our net accounts receivable balance at
September 30, 2016 and the same commercial customer accounted for $567,000 of our net accounts receivable balance at September 30, 2015, representing 92% and 99%, respectively.
 
 A significant concentration of our components and the products we sell are currently manufactured and obtained from single or limited-source suppliers.  The loss of any single or
limited-source supplier, the failure of any of these suppliers to perform as expected, or the disruption in the supply chain of components from these suppliers could subject us to risks and
uncertainties including, but not limited to, increased cost of sales, possible loss of revenues, or significant delays in product deliveries, any of which could adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results. 

                                                              7

5. INVENTORY  

 Inventory consists of the following: 

Our inventory consists of raw materials and finished goods assemblies.  Inventory is computed using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method and is stated at the lower of cost and net
realizable value.  Management periodically assesses the need to account for obsolescence of inventory and adjusts the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable value when required.
 
 In addition, we reduce the value of our inventory to its estimated scrap value when management determines that it is not probable that the inventory will be consumed through the
normal course of business during the next twelve months.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were aggregate write-downs of $6.7 million and $6.9 million,
respectively, offsetting the value of inventory deemed to be obsolete or scrap inventory.  We may enter into arrangements to sell the obsolete or scrap inventory resulting in a gain in the
period such transactions are realized. 

  6. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION  
  We issue share-based compensation to employees in the form of stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs).  We account for the share-based awards by recognizing the fair
value of share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award, net of estimated forfeitures.  The fair value of stock options is estimated on the
grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.  The fair value of RSUs is determined by the closing price of our common stock on the grant date.  Changes in estimated inputs or
using other option valuation methods may result in materially different option values and share-based compensation expense.  

 The following table summarizes the amount of share-based compensation expense by line item in the statements of operations: 

Options activity and positions 
  The following table summarizes shares, weighted-average exercise price, weighted-average remaining contractual term and aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and
options exercisable as of September 30, 2016:  

8

As of September 30, 2016, our unamortized share-based employee compensation related to stock options was $2.7 million which we plan to amortize over the next three years, and our
unamortized share-based compensation related to RSUs was $78,000 which we plan to amortize over the next eight months. 

  7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
   Litigation 
  On March 31, 2014, Asia Optical Co., Inc., a supplier pursuant to an agreement entered into in 2008, filed a complaint for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association
claiming that we ordered products from them and failed to take delivery of and pay for such products.  The relief sought in the complaint is $3.6 million plus attorneys' fees, interest and
arbitration costs.  We contest the claim and are defending against it.  An adverse outcome of these proceedings could materially and adversely affect our financial condition.  At this stage,
we cannot predict the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the range of potential loss. 
 We are also subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business.  We are not currently party to any other legal proceedings that we believe
are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

  Adverse purchase commitments 
  As of September 30, 2016, we had $500,000 accrued for commitments to purchase materials for the SHOWWX TM  pico projector that were in excess of estimated
future proceeds from the sale of that product. 

  8. COMMON STOCK AND WARRANTS  

 In September 2016, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (Lincoln Park) granting
us the right to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to $17.0 million.  Under the terms of the agreement, Lincoln Park made an initial purchase of $2.0 million in
shares of common stock at a purchase price of $1.50 per share.  Subject to various limitations and conditions set forth in the agreement, including a $1.00 minimum stock price, we may sell
up to an additional $15.0 million in shares of common stock, from time to time, at our sole discretion to Lincoln Park over a twenty-four month period beginning September 2016.  In
consideration for entering into the agreement, we issued 522,556 shares of common stock, having a value of $721,000 based on the closing stock price on the date of grant,  to Lincoln Park
as a commitment fee.  We incurred an additional $133,000 in issuance costs. 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received gross proceeds of $845,000 as part of an ATM agreement we entered into with Meyers Associates, L.P. in May 2015.
Under the terms of the agreement, we may, from time to time, at our discretion, offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to $6.0 million.  As of September
30, 2016, we have received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $3.1 million before issuance costs of approximately $109,000 from the sale of 1.2 million shares of common stock. 

 In March 2016, we raised $6.9 million before issuance costs of approximately $650,000 from the sale of 4.1 million shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering.   
 During the six months ended June 30, 2015, we received $3.3 million from the exercise of warrants to purchase 1.5 million shares of common
stock, which warrants were issued in connection with earlier financing transactions.  
 During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we received gross proceeds of $1.0 million as part of an ATM agreement we entered into with Meyers Associates, L.P. in June 2014.
We completed sales under this agreement, having received total proceeds of $4.5 million before issuance costs of approximately $206,000 from the sale of 2.0 million shares of common stock. 

                                                              9

9. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-15 (ASU 2016-15), Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):
Clarification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The objective of ASU 2016-15 is to eliminate the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain receipts and
payments in the statement of cash flows, by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues.  For public business entities, ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual and interim
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted.  The amendments in this update should be applied retrospectively to all periods presented, unless
deemed impracticable, in which case, prospective application is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements. 

 In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 (ASU 2016-13), Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326):  Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments.  ASU 2016-13 amends the impairment model to utilize an expected loss methodology in place of the currently used incurred loss methodology, which will result in the more
timely recognition of losses.  ASU 2016-13 is effective for public entities with fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early adoption is
permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  The new guidance shall be applied on a modified-retrospective approach.  We
are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements.   

 In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09 (ASU 2016-09), Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 simplifies
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including a) income tax consequences; b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and c)
classification on the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for public entities in the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for interim periods within those fiscal
years.  Various elements of the amendments will be applied using either a modified retrospective transition method, retrospectively, or prospectively.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are
currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements.  

 In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02), Leases (Topic 842).  ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset
and lease liability in the balance sheet for all leases, including operating leases, with terms of more than twelve months.  Recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash
flows from a lease by a lessee have not significantly changed from previous guidance.  The principal difference from previous guidance is that the lease assets and lease liabilities arising
from operating leases should be recognized in the balance sheet.  The amendments also require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative disclosures.  The new guidance will
be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years, with early adoption permitted.  The amendments must be applied on a modified
retrospective basis.  We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements. 

 In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17 (ASU 2015-17), Income Taxes: Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  ASU 2015-17
eliminates the current requirement to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and non-current on the balance sheet and requires that all deferred tax liabilities and asset, and
any related valuation allowance, be classified as non-current on the balance sheet.  ASU 2015-17 is effective for public entities in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and for
the interim periods within those fiscal years.  The new guidance can be applied retrospectively or prospectively and early adoption is permitted.  We do not expect the implementation of this
standard to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

 In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,
which provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going concern uncertainties in the financial statements.  The new standard requires management to perform interim and
annual assessments of an entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued.  An entity must provide certain disclosures if
conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern.  ASU 2014-15 will be effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted.  We do not expect the implementation of this standard to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

                                                              10

In May 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (ASU 2014-09), Revenue from Contracts with Customers, an updated standard on revenue recognition.  ASU
2014-09 provides enhancements to the quality and consistency of how revenue is reported while also improving comparability in the financial statements of companies reporting using
International Financial Reporting Standards and generally accepted accounting principles of the United States.  Subsequent accounting standards updates have been issued which amend
and/or clarify the application of ASU 2014-09.  The core principle of the new standard is for companies to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in
amounts that reflect the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  The new standard also will result in enhanced disclosures about
revenue, provide guidance for transactions that were not previously addressed comprehensively, and improve guidance for multiple-element arrangements.  ASU 2014-09 will be effective in
the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and may be applied on a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach.  We have not yet selected a transition method and we are currently evaluating
the effect that the updated standard will have on our financial statements. 

   ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
   Forward-looking statements 
   The information set forth in this report in Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," and Item 3, "Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk," includes "Forward-Looking Statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and is subject to the safe harbor created by those sections.  Such statements may include, but are
not limited to, projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and cooperative arrangements, technology development by third parties, future
operations, financing needs or plans of MicroVision, Inc. ( we  or  our ), as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing.   The words "anticipate," "could," "would,"
"believe," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "may," "plan," "project," "will," and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those projected in our forward-looking statements include risk factors identified below in Item 1A.   

  Overview 
  MicroVision, Inc. is a pioneer in laser beam scanning (LBS) technology that we market under our brand name PicoP .  We have developed our proprietary PicoP 
scanning technology that can be adopted by our customers to create high-resolution miniature projection and three-dimensional sensing and image capture solutions that use laser diodes
as the light source.  Our PicoP  scanning technology incorporates our patented expertise in two-dimensional Micro-Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS), lasers, optics, and
electronics to create a small form factor scanning engine with lower power needs than many other technologies that projects high-quality video and still image and/or uses depth sensing to
capture three-dimensional data.  

 Our business strategy is to commercialize our PicoP  scanning technology by enabling original design manufacturers (ODMs) and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to
produce scanning engines by licensing our technology to those ODMs and OEMs, and by selling key scanning engine components to them, as needed.  Additionally, in 2017, we plan to
begin selling scanning engines directly to ODMs and OEMs. 
 While we are optimistic about our technology and the potential for future revenues, we have incurred substantial losses since inception and expect to incur a significant loss during the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2016.  The consolidated financial statements are prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. 

   Key accounting policies and estimates - Revenue recognition 
   We recognize revenue when: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred and there are no uncertainties regarding customer
acceptance, (iii) fees are fixed or determinable, and (iv) collection is reasonably assured. 
 We generate revenue from many sources and activities.  We enter into arrangements that can include various combinations of product sales, services, and licensing activities.  For
multiple-element arrangements, we use a hierarchy to determine the contract consideration to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of fair
value (VSOE), (ii) third party evidence of selling price (TPE), and (iii) best estimate of selling price.  To date, our revenue sources can be classified as: product revenue, royalty revenue, or
contract revenue. 

                                                              11

Product revenue 
  Our product sales generally include acceptance provisions.  We recognize product revenue upon acceptance of the product by the customer or expiration of the contractual
acceptance period, after which there are no rights of return.  No estimates are made for product returns because revenue is recognized upon expiration of the contractual acceptance
period. 
  Royalty revenue 
  Royalty revenue is revenue under license agreements to our PicoP  scanning technology.  We recognize revenue on upfront license fees over the expected time frame that we
provide services or have ongoing obligations under the agreement.  Ongoing per unit royalties are recognized when reported by our customer to us on a quarterly basis.  Currently, we
recognize revenue for ongoing per unit royalties one quarter in arrears when reported by our customer, representing when such amounts are fixed and determinable, and all other revenue
recognition criteria are met. 
  Contract revenue 
  We recognize contract revenue on long-term, cost plus fixed fee, and fixed price contracts using the percentage-of-completion method.  Under the percentage-of-completion
method, revenue is recognized as work progresses on the contract.  The percentage-of-completion method relies on estimates of total expected contract revenue and costs.  At the end of
each period, we estimate the labor, material and other costs required to complete the contract using data provided by our technical team, project managers, vendors, outside consultants
and others and compare these to costs incurred to date.  
 Recognized revenues are subject to amendments for actual costs incurred.  Amendments to revenue and costs-to-complete estimates are recognized in the period in which the facts
become known.  In the future, amendments to estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in any one reporting period.  If we are unable to estimate costs on a contract, revenue
is recognized using the completed-contract method.  Under the completed-contract method, revenue and contract costs are deferred and both are recognized when all deliverables are completed. 

  License agreement 
  In March 2015, we signed a license agreement as part of a multiple-element arrangement with Sony for our PicoP  scanning technology.  The license agreement granted Sony
a non-exclusive license to manufacture and sell scanning engines that use our PicoP  scanning technology. 
 For multiple-element arrangements, we use a hierarchy to determine the contract consideration to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of
fair value (VSOE), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price (TPE) and (iii) best estimate of selling price.  Because VSOE and TPE do not exist for the March 2015 agreement, we have
allocated the contract consideration based on our best estimate. 
 Under the terms of this multiple-element arrangement, we received an $8.0 million upfront payment in March 2015 and we will receive a per unit royalty for each display module sold by
Sony containing our PicoP  scanning technology.  We recognize revenue on the initial $8.0 million payment on a straight-line basis within Royalty Revenues, over a period of eight
years which is the expected time frame that we will provide services under the agreement.  Ongoing per unit royalties are reported by Sony to us on a quarterly basis.  Currently, we
recognize revenue for ongoing per unit royalties one quarter in arrears when reported by Sony, representing when such amounts are fixed and determinable, and all other revenue
recognition criteria are met.  Products delivered under multiple-element arrangements will be recognized upon acceptance of the deliverables by the customer or the expiration of the
contractual acceptance period, after which there are no rights of return. 

   Results of operations  
    Product revenue   

12

Product revenue is revenue from sales of our products which are MEMS and ASICs.  Our product sales generally include acceptance provisions.  We recognize product revenue upon
acceptance of the product by the customer or the expiration of the contractual acceptance period, after which there are no rights of return.  Our quarterly product revenue may vary
substantially due to the timing of product orders from customers, product shipments, production constraints and availability of components and raw materials. 
 Product revenue was higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 due to higher product sales to Sony as part of
continued shipments of orders we received during 2015 and 2014 totaling $14.6 million and $3.8 million, respectively, for key components to be integrated into display modules it
manufactures and sells.  The backlog of product orders at September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.4 million, compared to $13.5 million at September 30, 2015.  The product backlog is
scheduled for delivery in the fourth quarter.  

  Royalty revenue  

Royalty revenue is revenue under license agreements to our PicoP  scanning technology.  We recognize revenue on upfront license fees over the expected time frame that we
provide services or have ongoing obligations under the agreement.  Ongoing per unit royalties are reported by Sony and are recognized as revenue in the period in which the data becomes
available to us.  Royalty revenue was higher during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 as a result of higher royalty payments we
received from Sony for display modules it sold.  
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $79,000 and $732,000, respectively, from ongoing per unit royalties, and $252,000 and $750,000,
respectively, from a prorated portion of the $8.0 million upfront payment.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized $57,000 and $180,000, respectively,
from ongoing per unit royalties, and $252,000 and $597,000, respectively, from a prorated portion of the $8.0 million upfront payment.  At September 30, 2016, remaining unrecognized
upfront license fees are included in current and long-term deferred revenues, amounting to $999,000 and $5.4 million, respectively.  At December 31, 2015, unrecognized upfront license
fees are included in current and long-term deferred revenues, amounting to $1.0 million and $6.1 million, respectively. 

  Contract revenue  

Contract revenue includes revenue from the sale of prototype units and evaluation kits based on our PicoP  scanning engine.  Our contract revenue in a particular period is
dependent upon when we enter into a contract, the value of the contracts we have entered into, and the availability of technical resources to perform work on the contracts.  We recognize
contract revenue on long-term, cost plus fixed fee, and fixed price contracts using the percentage-of-completion method.  If we are unable to estimate costs on a contract, revenue is
recognized using the completed-contract method.  Under the completed-contract method, revenue and contract costs are deferred and both are recognized when all deliverables are
completed. 
 In June 2015, we recognized the full contract value of $1.5 million in revenue having completed all deliverables and obligations under an agreement to provide support services to Sony
for the production readiness, initial production and market launch for display modules incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology.  Our contract backlog, including orders for
prototype units and evaluation kits, at September 30, 2016 was approximately $931,000 compared to $5,000 at September 30, 2015.  The contract backlog is scheduled for completion
during the next twelve months.  

                                                              13

Cost of product revenue  

Cost of product revenue includes the direct and allocated indirect costs of products sold to customers.  Direct costs include labor, materials, reserves for estimated warranty expenses,
and other costs incurred directly, or charged to us by our contract manufacturers, in the manufacture of these products.  Indirect costs include labor, manufacturing overhead, and other
costs associated with operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity.  Manufacturing overhead includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing material, facility and other
costs, and is allocated to cost of product revenue based on the proportion of indirect labor which supported production activities. 
 Cost of product revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the volume and product mix and the level of manufacturing overhead expense.  Cost of product
revenue as a percentage of net product revenue decreased during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 driven primarily by higher
volume of product sales to Sony. We expect that future gross margins could be impacted by multiple factors including, but not limited to, those set forth in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q
under the heading  Risk Factors . 

 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we expensed approximately $245,000 and $656,000 of manufacturing overhead associated with production capacity in
excess of production requirements, compared to $288,000 and $651,000 during the same periods in 2015.  Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a
provision for scrap of $187,000 compared to $287,000 during the same period in 2015. 

  Cost of contract revenue  

Cost of contract revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on contracts and producing prototype units and evaluation kits.  Direct costs include labor,
materials and other costs incurred directly in producing prototype units and evaluation kits or performing on a contract.  Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated with operating
our research and development department and building our technical capabilities and capacity.  Cost of contract revenue is determined by the level of direct and indirect costs incurred,
which can fluctuate substantially from period to period. 

 The decrease in the cost of contract revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributed to the direct and indirect costs recognized in connection with
the completion of all deliverables and obligations under the $1.5 million display module support service contract in 2015 with Sony. 

  Research and development expense  

14

Research and development expense consists of compensation related costs of employees and contractors engaged in internal research and product development activities, direct
material to support development programs, laboratory operations, outsourced development and processing work, and other operating expenses.  We assign our research and development
resources based on the business opportunity of the available projects, the skill mix of the resources available and the contractual commitments we have made to our customers. We believe
that a substantial level of continuing research and development expense will be required to further develop our scanning technology. 
 The increase in research and development expense during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was attributable to higher costs related to
subcontractors and increased personnel-related compensation and benefits expenses.  The increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
2015 was attributable to the allocation of resources to internal research and development activities that were previously designated to a commercial contract in prior periods in addition to
higher costs related to subcontractors and increased personnel-related compensation and benefits expenses. 

  Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense  

Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense includes compensation and support costs for marketing, sales, management and administrative staff, and for other general and
administrative costs, including legal and accounting services, consultants and other operating expenses.  
 The increase in sales, marketing, general and administrative expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 was primarily
due to increased personnel-related compensation and benefits expenses, professional fees and business development costs.    

  Liquidity and capital resources 
  We have incurred significant losses since inception.   We have funded operations to date primarily through the sale of common stock, convertible
preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from development contract revenues, product sales, and licensing activities.  At September 30, 2016, we
had $5.8 million in cash and cash equivalents.  The consolidated financial statements are prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. 

 Based on our current operating plan,     and without additional proceeds from the sale of shares under our existing
Common Stock Purchase Agreement or ATM facility discussed in Note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash
equivalents to fund our operations into January 2017.   We will require additional capital to fund our operating plan past that time.  We plan to obtain additional capital through the
issuance of equity or debt securities and/or licensing activities.  There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us or, if available, will be available on terms acceptable
to us or on a timely basis.  If adequate capital resources are not available on a timely basis, we intend to consider limiting our operations substantially.  This limitation of operations could
include reducing investments in our production capacities, research and development projects, staff, operating costs, and capital expenditures.  Our ability to raise proceeds from the sale of
shares under our Common Stock Purchase Agreement is subject to limitations and conditions, including a $1.00 minimum stock price. 

  Operating activities 
  Cash used in operating activities totaled $10.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to cash used in operating activities of $2.2 million during the
same period in 2015.  The change in cash flows from operating activities in the 2015 period primarily reflects an $8.0 million upfront payment we received under the terms of the license
agreement with Sony for our PicoP  scanning technology in March 2015.  

                                                              15

Investing activities  

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash used in investing activities was $282,000 and $1.0 million.  

  Financing activities  

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $9.1 million and $6.0 million.  

 In September 2016, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park granting us
the right to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to $17.0 million.  Under the terms of the agreement, Lincoln Park made an initial purchase of $2.0 million in
shares of common stock at a purchase price of $1.50 per share.  Subject to various limitations and conditions set forth in the agreement, including a $1.00 minimum stock price, we may sell
up to an additional $15.0 million in shares of common stock, from time to time, at our sole discretion to Lincoln Park over a twenty-four month period beginning September 2016.  In
consideration for entering into the agreement, we issued 522,556 shares of common stock, having a value of $721,000 based on the closing stock price on the date of grant, to Lincoln Park
as a commitment fee.  We incurred an additional $133,000 in issuance costs. 

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received gross proceeds of $845,000 as part of an ATM agreement we entered into with Meyers Associates, L.P. in May 2015.
As of September 30, 2016, we have received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $3.1 million before issuance costs of approximately $109,000 from the sale of 1.2 million shares of
common stock. 

 In March 2016, we raised $6.9 million before issuance costs of approximately $650,000 from the sale of 4.1 million shares of common stock in an underwritten public offering. 

 During the six months ended June 30, 2015, we received $3.3 million from the exercise of warrants to purchase 1.5 million shares of common stock, which warrants were issued in
connection with earlier financing transactions.  

 During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we received gross proceeds of $1.0 million as part of an ATM agreement we entered into with Meyers Associates, L.P. in June 2014.
We have completed sales under this agreement, having received total proceeds of $4.5 million before issuance costs of approximately $206,000 from the sale of 2.0 million shares of common stock. 

   ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

  Interest rate and market liquidity risks 
  As of September 30, 2016, all of our cash and cash equivalents have variable interest rates.  Therefore, we believe our exposure to market and interest rate risks is not material.  

 Our investment policy generally directs that the investment manager should select investments to achieve the following goals: principal preservation, adequate liquidity and return.  As of
September 30, 2016, we had $5.8 million in cash and cash equivalents, which are comprised of operating checking accounts and short-term highly rated money market savings accounts. 

  Foreign exchange rate risk 
  Our major contract and collaborative research and development agreements, product sales, and licensing activity payments are currently made in U.S. dollars.  However, in the
future we may enter into contracts or collaborative research and development agreements in foreign currencies that may subject us to foreign exchange rate risk.  We have entered into
purchase orders and supply agreements in foreign currencies in the past and may enter into such arrangements, from time to time, in the future.  We believe our exposure to currency
fluctuations related to these arrangements is not material.  We may enter into foreign currency hedges to offset material exposure to currency fluctuations when we can adequately
determine the timing and amounts of the exposure.  

                                                              16

ITEM 4.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report and, based
on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the period covered by this report that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

  PART II. 
  ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

 On March 31, 2014, Asia Optical Co., Inc., a supplier pursuant to an agreement entered into in 2008, filed a complaint for arbitration with the American Arbitration Association
claiming that we ordered products from them and failed to take delivery of and pay for such products.  The relief sought in the complaint is $3.6 million plus attorneys' fees, interest and
arbitration costs.  We contest the claim are defending against it.  An adverse outcome of these proceedings could materially and adversely affect our financial condition.  At this stage, we
cannot predict the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the range of potential loss.  
 We are also subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business.  We are not currently party to any other legal proceedings that management
believes are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

   ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS  
   You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition
and future results.  The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company.  Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also
may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
  
 Risk Factors Related to Our Business and Industry 

 We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant losses in the future.  
 
 We have had substantial losses since our inception.  We cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain profitable.  

As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $494.5 million.  
 We incurred consolidated net losses of $483.4 million from inception through 2015, and a net loss of $11.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered by companies formed to develop and commercialize new
technologies.  In particular, our operations to date have focused primarily on research and development of our PicoP  scanning technology platform and development of demonstration
units.  We are unable to accurately estimate future revenues and operating expenses based upon historical performance.  

 We cannot be certain that we will succeed in obtaining additional development revenue or commercializing our technology or products.  In light of these factors, we expect to continue to
incur significant losses and negative cash flow at least through 2016 and likely thereafter.  We cannot be certain that we will achieve positive cash flow at any time in the future.   

                                                              17

We will require additional capital to fund our operations and to implement our business plan.  If we do not obtain additional capital, we may be required to curtail our operations
substantially.  Raising additional capital may dilute the value of current shareholders' shares.  
 
 Based on our current operating plan, and without additional proceeds from the sale of shares under our existing Common Stock Purchase Agreement or ATM facility discussed in Note 8
to our condensed consolidated financial statements, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations into January 2017.  We will require additional
capital to fund our operating plan past that time.  We plan to obtain additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt securities and/or licensing activities.  

 Our ability to raise proceeds from the sale of shares under our Common Stock Purchase Agreement is subject to limitations and conditions, including a $1.00 minimum stock price.  In
addition, pursuant to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, we agreed that we will not enter into any  variable rate  transactions with any third party from the date of the
Purchase Agreement until the expiration of the twenty-four month period following the date of the Purchase Agreement, subject to certain exceptions, which could limit our ability to raise
capital through certain sales of equity. 

 We are introducing new technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash flows.  Our capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which ODMs and OEMs introduce products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology and the
market acceptance and competitive position of such products.  If revenues are less than we anticipate, if the mix of revenues and the associated margins varies from anticipated amounts or
if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to fund our operations.  In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of
strategic relationships with suppliers of components, products and systems, and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by us.  

 Additional capital may not be available to us or, if available, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis.  Raising additional capital may involve issuing securities
with rights and preferences that are senior to our common stock and may dilute the value of our current shareholders' shares.  If adequate capital resources are not available on a timely
basis, we may consider limiting our operations substantially.  This limitation of operations could include reducing investments in our production capacities or research and development
projects, staff, operating costs, and capital expenditures which could jeopardize our ability to achieve our business goals or satisfy our customer requirements.  
 
 Qualifying a new or alternative contract manufacturer or foundry for our products could cause us to experience delays that result in lost revenues and damaged customer
relationships. 
 
 We rely on single or limited-source suppliers to manufacture our products, including our MEMS die in wafer form.  Establishing a relationship with a new or alternative contract
manufacturer or foundry would be a time-consuming process with significant lead time, as our unique technology may require significant manufacturing process adaptation to achieve full
manufacturing capacity.  Accordingly, we may be unable to establish a relationship with new or alternative contract manufacturers in the short-term, or at all, at prices or on other terms that
are acceptable to us.   

 Changes in our supply chain may result in increased cost and delay and may subject us to risks and uncertainties regarding, but not limited to, product warranty, product liability and
quality control standards.  The loss of any single or limited-source supplier, the failure of any of these suppliers to perform as expected or the disruption in the supply chain of components
from these suppliers could cause significant delays in product deliveries, which may result in lost revenues and damaged customer relationships.  To the extent that we are not able to
establish a relationship with a new or alternative contract manufacturer(s) or foundry in a timely manner, we may be unable to meet contract or production milestones which could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to secure significant third party manufacturing resources. 
 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to provide our components and future products in commercial quantities at competitive prices and on schedule.  Accordingly, we will be
required to obtain access, through business partners or contract manufacturers, to manufacturing capacity and processes for the commercial production of our expected future products.

Our foreign contract manufacturers could experience severe financial difficulties or other disruptions in their business, and such continued supply could be significantly reduced or
terminated.  In addition, we cannot be certain that we will successfully obtain access to needed manufacturing resources concurrent with a significant increase in our planned production levels.

                                                              18

Future manufacturing limitations of our suppliers could constrain the number of products that we are able to develop and produce. 

  We are dependent on third parties in order to develop, manufacture, sell and market products incorporating our PicoP    scanning technology and the scanning engine
components.  

 Our business strategy for commercializing our technology in products incorporating PicoP  scanning technology includes entering into development, manufacturing, sales and
marketing arrangements with ODMs, OEMs and other third parties.  These arrangements reduce our level of control over production and distribution and may subject us to risks and
uncertainties regarding, but not limited to, product warranty, product liability and quality control standards.  We cannot be certain that we will be able to negotiate arrangements on
acceptable terms, if at all, or that these arrangements will be successful in yielding commercially viable products.  If we cannot establish these arrangements, we would require additional
capital to undertake such activities on our own and would require extensive manufacturing, sales and marketing expertise that we do not currently possess and that may be difficult to obtain.

In addition, we could encounter significant delays in commercializing our PicoP  scanning technology or find that the development, manufacture or sale of products incorporating
our technology would not be feasible.  To the extent that we enter into development, manufacturing, sales and marketing or other arrangements, our revenues will depend upon the
performance of third parties.  We cannot be certain that any such arrangements will be successful. 
 
 We cannot be certain that our technology platform or products incorporating our PicoP    scanning technology will achieve market acceptance.  If our technology platform or
products incorporating our technology do not achieve market acceptance, our revenues may not grow. 
 
 Our success will depend, in part, on customer acceptance of our PicoP  scanning technology.  Our technology may not be accepted by manufacturers who use display and image
capture technologies in their products, by systems integrators, ODMs, and OEMs who incorporate our scanning engines or scanning engine components into their products or by end users
of these products.  To be accepted, our PicoP  scanning technology must meet the expectations of our current and potential customers in the consumer electronics, automotive, and
other markets.  If our technology platform or products incorporating   our   PicoP  scanning technology do not achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to
continue to develop our technology. 

Future products incorporating our PicoP    scanning technology are dependent on advances in technology by other companies. 
 
 Our PicoP  scanning technology will continue to rely on technologies, such as laser light sources and other components that are developed and produced by other companies.  The
commercial success of certain future products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology will depend, in part, on advances in these and other technologies by other companies.  We
may, from time to time, contract with and support companies developing key technologies in order to accelerate the development of them for our or our customers' specific uses.  There are
no guarantees that such activities will result in useful technologies or products that will be profitable.  
 
 We are dependent on a small number of customers for our revenue.  Our quarterly performance may vary substantially and this variance, as well as general market conditions, may
cause our stock price to fluctuate greatly and potentially expose us to litigation. 
 
 One commercial customer accounted for $10.8 million of our total revenue, representing 91% of our total revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  In the same
period in 2015, the same commercial customer accounted for $7.2 million of our total revenue, representing 98% of our total revenue.  Our customers take time to obtain, and the loss of a
significant customer could negatively affect our revenue.  Our quarterly operating results may vary significantly based upon: 

Market acceptance of products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology; 
 Changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts following our stock or our industry generally; 
 Announcements by other companies in our industry; 
 Changes in business or regulatory conditions; 
 Announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological innovations or new products; 
 The status of particular development programs and the timing of performance under specific development agreements; 
 Economic and stock market conditions; or 
 Other factors unrelated to our company or industry.  

                                                              19

In one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors and the trading price of our common stock may decline as a
consequence.  In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, shareholders often have instituted securities class action litigation against that
company.  If we become involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management and, if adversely determined, could require us to pay substantial damages. 
 
 We or our customers may fail to perform under open orders or agreements which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows.  
 
 Our backlog of open orders and agreements totaled $2.3 million as of September 30, 2016.  We or our customers may be unable to meet the performance requirements and obligations
under open orders or agreements, including performance specifications or delivery dates, required by such purchase orders or agreements.  Furthermore, our customers may be
unable or unwilling to perform their obligations thereunder on a timely basis, or at all if, among other reasons, our products and technologies do not achieve market acceptance, our
customers' products and technologies do not achieve market acceptance or our customers otherwise fail to achieve their operating goals.  To the extent we are unable to
perform under such purchase orders or agreements or to the extent customers are unable or unwilling to perform, our operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.  
 
 It may become more difficult to sell our stock in the public market or maintain our listing on the NASDAQ Global Market. 
 
 Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Market.  To maintain our listing on this market, we must meet NASDAQ's listing maintenance standards.  If we are unable to
continue to meet NASDAQ's listing maintenance standards for any reason, our common stock could be delisted from The NASDAQ Global Market.  If our common stock were delisted, we
likely would seek to list our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market, the American Stock Exchange or on a regional stock exchange.  Listing on such other market or exchange could
reduce the liquidity of our common stock.  If our common stock were not listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market or an exchange, trading of our common stock would be conducted in the
Over-the-Counter (OTC) market on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities or directly through market makers in our common stock.  If our common stock were to trade
in the OTC market, an investor would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the common stock.  

 A delisting from The NASDAQ Global Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange would subject our common stock to so-called penny stock rules that impose
additional sales practice and market-making requirements on broker-dealers who sell or make a market in such securities.  Consequently, removal from The NASDAQ Global Market and
failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange could affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock and the ability of purchasers of
our common stock to sell their securities in the secondary market.   

 On October 28, 2016, the closing price of our common stock was $1.04 per share. 

  Our lack of financial and technical resources relative to our competitors may limit our revenues, potential profits, overall market share or value.  

 Our products and potential products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology will compete with established manufacturers of existing products and companies developing new
technologies.  Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than we have.  Because of their greater resources, our competitors may develop
products or technologies that may be superior to our own.  The introduction of superior competing products or technologies could result in reduced revenues, lower margins or loss of market
share, any of which could reduce the value of our business. 

  We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological change and our financial results may suffer.  

 The information display and image capture industry has been characterized by rapidly changing technology, accelerated product obsolescence and continuously evolving industry
standards.  Our success will depend upon our ability to further develop our PicoP  scanning technology platform and to cost effectively introduce new products and features in a timely
manner to meet evolving customer requirements and compete with competitors' product advances.  We may not succeed in these efforts due to: 

Delays in product development; 
 Lack of market acceptance for our technology or products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology; or 
 Lack of funds to invest in product research, development and marketing.  

                                                              20

The occurrence of any of the above factors could result in decreased revenues, market share and value of our business. 

  We could face lawsuits related to our use of PicoP  scanning technology or other technologies.  Defending these suits would be costly and time-consuming.  An adverse outcome,
in any such matter, could limit our ability to commercialize our technology or products incorporating our PicoP    scanning technology, reduce our revenues and increase our operating expenses.  

 We are aware of several patents held by third parties that relate to certain aspects of light scanning displays and image capture products.  These patents could be used as a basis to
challenge the validity, limit the scope or limit our ability to obtain additional or broader patent rights of our patents or patents we have licensed.  A successful challenge to the validity of our
patents or patents we have licensed could limit our ability to commercialize our technology or products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology and, consequently, materially
reduce our revenues.  Moreover, we cannot be certain that patent holders or other third parties will not claim infringement by us with respect to current and future technology.  Because U.S.
patent applications are held and examined in secrecy, it is also possible that presently pending U.S. applications will eventually be issued with claims that will be infringed by our products or
our technology.  

 The defense and prosecution of a patent suit would be costly and time-consuming even if the outcome were ultimately favorable to us.  An adverse outcome in the defense of a patent
suit could subject us to significant costs, require others and us to cease selling products incorporating our technology, require us to cease licensing our technology or require disputed rights
to be licensed from third parties.  Such licenses, if available, would increase our operating expenses.  Moreover, if claims of infringement are asserted against our future co-development
partners or customers, those partners or customers may seek indemnification from us for any damages or expenses they incur. 
 
 If we fail to manage expansion effectively, our revenue and expenses could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our ability to successfully offer products incorporating PicoP  scanning technology and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning and
management process.  The growth in business and relationships with customers and other third parties has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management
systems and resources.  We will need to continue to improve our financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures, and will need to continue to train and manage our
work force. 
 
 If we fail to adequately reduce and control our manufacturing, supply chain and operating costs, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 

  We incur significant costs related to procuring components and increasing our production capabilities to manufacture our products.  We may experience delays, cost overruns or
other unexpected costs associated with an increase in production.  If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to reduce and control our manufacturing, supply chain and operating costs and keep
costs aligned with the levels of revenues we generate, our business and financial condition could suffer. 
 
 Our technology and products incorporating our PicoP    scanning technology may be subject to future environmental, health and safety regulations that could increase our
development and production costs. 
 
 Our technology and products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology could become subject to future environmental, health and safety regulations or amendments that could
negatively impact our ability to commercialize our technology and products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology.  Compliance with any such new regulations would likely
increase the cost to develop and produce products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology, and violations may result in fines, penalties or suspension of production.  If we
become subject to any environmental, health, or safety laws or regulations that require us to cease or significantly change our operations to comply, our business, financial condition and
operating results could be adversely affected.  

                                                              21

Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in the markets we address.   

 In the recent past, general worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity, concerns about inflation, increased energy costs, decreased
consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and adverse business conditions.  Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic and financial
conditions could materially adversely affect: (i) our ability to raise, or the cost of, needed capital, (ii) demand for our current and future products, and (iii) our ability to commercialize
products.  We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, regionally or in the display industry.  
 
 Because we plan to continue using foreign contract manufacturers, our operating results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and other factors in foreign countries. 
 
 We currently use foreign contract manufacturers and plan to continue to use foreign contract manufacturers to manufacture current and future products, where appropriate.  These
international operations are subject to inherent risks, which may adversely affect us, including, but not limited to: 

Political and economic instability; 
 High levels of inflation, historically the case in a number of countries in Asia; 
 Burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws, regulations and sanctions; 
 Foreign taxes and duties; 
 Changes in tariff rates or other trade and monetary policies; and 
 Changes or volatility in currency exchange rates and interest rates.  

Our contract manufacturers' facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster or labor strike, either of which would materially affect our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows. 
 
 A major catastrophe, such as an earthquake, monsoon, flood or other natural disaster, labor strike, or work stoppage at our contract manufacturers' facilities, our suppliers, or our
customers, could result in a prolonged interruption of our business.  A disruption resulting from any one of these events could cause significant delays in product shipments and the loss of
sales and customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 If our licensors and we are unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products, processes and technology, we may be unable to compete with other
companies. 
 
 Intellectual property protection for our products, processes and technology is important and uncertain.  If we do not obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products,
processes and technology, we may be subject to increased competition.  Our commercial success will depend, in part, on our ability and the ability of our licensors, to maintain the
proprietary nature of our PicoP  scanning technology and other key technologies by securing valid and enforceable patents and effectively maintaining unpatented technology as trade
secrets.   

 We protect our proprietary PicoP  scanning technology by seeking to obtain United States and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to third party patents, related to proprietary
technology, inventions, and improvements that may be important to the development of our business.  However, our patent position and the patent position of our licensors involve complex
legal and factual questions.  The standards that the United States Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or
uniformly and can change.   

 Additionally, the scope of patents is subject to interpretation by courts and their validity can be subject to challenges and defenses, including challenges and defenses based on the
existence of prior art.  Consequently, we cannot be certain as to the extent to which we will be able to obtain patents for our new products and technology or the extent to which the patents
that we already own or license from others, protect our products and technology.  Reduction in scope of protection or invalidation of our licensed or owned patents, or our inability to obtain
new patents, may enable other companies to develop products that compete directly with ours on the basis of the same or similar technology. 

                                                              22

We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and technology to maintain our competitive position.  We try to protect this know-how and technology by limiting
access to the trade secrets to those of our employees, contractors and partners, with a need-to-know such information and by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties that have
access to it, such as our employees, consultants and business partners.  Any of these parties could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or confidential information, or our
competitors might learn of the information in some other way.  If any trade secret not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our
competitive position could be negatively affected. 
 
 We could be subject to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly, divert management attention and adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain
insurance coverage. 
 
 We could be subject to product liability claims if any of the product applications are alleged to be defective or cause harmful effects.  For example, because some of the scanning
engines incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology could scan a low power beam of colored light into the user's eye, the testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of these products
involve an inherent risk that product liability claims will be asserted against us.  

 Additionally, any misuse of our technology or products incorporating our PicoP  scanning technology by end users or third parties that obtain access to our technology, could result
in negative publicity and could harm our brand and reputation.  Product liability claims or other claims related to our products or our technology, regardless of their outcome, could require us
to spend significant time and money in litigation, divert management time and attention, require us to pay significant damages, harm our reputation or hinder acceptance of our products.
Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or reasonable terms.  An inability to obtain
sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products and our
PicoP  scanning technology. 
 
 Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements have long sales cycles which makes it difficult to plan our expenses and forecast our revenues. 
 
 Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements have long sales cycles that involve numerous steps including determining the product application, exploring the
technical feasibility of a proposed product, evaluating the costs of manufacturing a product or qualifying a new or alternative contract manufacturer for production.  Our long sales cycle,
which can last several years, makes it difficult to predict the quarter in which revenue recognition will occur.  Delays in entering into contracts and collaborative research and development
agreements could cause significant variability in our revenues and operating results for any particular period.  
 
 Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements may not lead to any product or any products that will be profitable. 
 
 Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements, including without limitation, those discussed in this document, are exploratory in nature and are intended to
develop new types of products for new applications.  Our efforts may prove unsuccessful and these relationships may not result in the development of any product or any products that will
be profitable. 
 
 Loss of any of our key personnel could have a negative effect on the operation of our business. 
 
 Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on the ability to attract and retain qualified new personnel.  Achievement of our business objectives will
require substantial additional expertise in the areas of sales and marketing, research and product development and manufacturing.  Competition for qualified personnel in these fields is
intense, and the inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss of key personnel, could hinder our ability to compete effectively in the display and image capture
markets and adversely affect our business strategy execution and results of operations.  

                                                              23

ITEM 6. Exhibits   

24

SIGNATURES   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MICROVISION, INC.   

Date:  November 2, 2016  
 
  BY:   
 
  /s/ Alexander Y. Tokman 

Alexander Y. Tokman  

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
   (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date:  November 2, 2016  
 
  BY:   
 
  /s/ Stephen P. Holt 

Stephen P. Holt  

Chief Financial Officer 
   (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

25

EXHIBIT INDEX   

 The following documents are filed herewith. 

26

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exh10-1.htm
 2013 MICROVISION, INC. INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED.

September 30, 2016 10-Q  Exhibit 10.1  

Exhibit 10.1   

(As Amended through June 1, 2016) 

  2013 MICROVISION, INC. INCENTIVE PLAN  

1.   DEFINED TERMS  
  Exhibit A, which is incorporated by reference, defines the terms used in the Plan and sets forth certain operational rules related to those terms.  

  2.   EFFECTIVE DATE  
  This 2013 MicroVision, Inc. Incentive Plan, amends, restates and renames the Company's 2006 MicroVision, Inc. Incentive Plan. The Plan was originally adopted by the Board in April
2006 and approved by the stockholders of the Company in September 2006. This amendment and restatement of the Plan shall become effective if, and at such time as, the stockholders of the
Company have approved this amendment and restatement.  

  3.   PURPOSE  
  The purpose of the Plan is to provide means by which the Company may attract, reward and retain the services or advice of current or future employees, officers, consultants or
independent contractors of, and other advisors to, the Company and to provide added incentives to them by encouraging stock ownership in the Company. 

  4.   ADMINISTRATION  
  The Administrator has discretionary authority, subject only to the express provisions of the Plan, to interpret the Plan; determine eligibility for and grant Awards; determine, modify or
waive the terms and conditions of any Award; prescribe forms, rules and procedures; and otherwise do all things necessary to carry out the purposes of the Plan. In the case of any Award
intended to be eligible for the performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m), the Administrator will exercise its discretion consistent with qualifying the Award for that
exception. Determinations of the Administrator made under the Plan will be conclusive and will bind all parties.  

  5.   LIMITS ON AWARDS UNDER THE PLAN  

Number of Shares  . A maximum of 7,800,000 shares of Stock may be delivered in satisfaction of Awards under the Plan. The number of shares of Stock delivered in
satisfaction of Awards shall, for purposes of the preceding sentence, be determined net of shares of Stock withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise price of the Award or in
satisfaction of tax withholding requirements with respect to the Award. The limit set forth in this Section 5(a) shall be construed to comply with Section 422 of the Code and regulations
thereunder. To the extent consistent with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code and regulations thereunder, and with other applicable legal requirements (including applicable stock
exchange requirements), Stock issued under awards of an acquired company that are converted, replaced, or adjusted in connection with the acquisition shall not reduce the number of shares
available for Awards under the Plan. 

Type of Shares  . Stock delivered by the Company under the Plan may be authorized but unissued Stock or previously issued Stock acquired by the Company. No
fractional shares of Stock will be delivered under the Plan. 
    Section 162(m) Limits  . The maximum number of shares of Stock for which Stock Options may be granted to any person in any calendar year and the maximum number of
shares of Stock subject to SARs granted to any person in any calendar year will each be 250,000. The maximum number of shares subject to other Awards granted to any person in any calendar
year will be 250,000 shares. The maximum amount payable to any person in any year under Cash Awards will be $3,000,000. The foregoing provisions will be construed in a manner consistent
with Section 162(m).  

  6.   ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION  
  The Administrator may grant Awards to any current or future Employee, officer, director, consultant or independent contractor of, or other advisor to, the Company or its subsidiaries.
Eligibility for ISOs is limited to employees of the Company or of a "parent corporation" or "subsidiary corporation" of the Company as those terms are defined in Section 424 of the Code. 

  7.   RULES APPLICABLE TO AWARDS   

All Awards  

Award Provisions  . The Administrator will determine the terms of all Awards, subject to the limitations provided herein. By accepting any Award granted hereunder, the Participant
agrees to the terms of the Award and the Plan. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, awards of an acquired company that are converted, replaced or adjusted in connection
with the acquisition may contain terms and conditions that are inconsistent with the terms and conditions specified herein, as determined by the Administrator.  
    Term of Plan  . No Awards may be made after June 6, 2023, but previously granted Awards may continue beyond that date in accordance with their terms.  
    Transferability  . Neither ISOs nor, except as the Administrator otherwise expressly provides, other Awards may be transferred other than by will or by the laws of descent
and distribution, and during a Participant's lifetime ISOs (and, except as the Administrator otherwise expressly provides, other non-transferable Awards requiring exercise) may be exercised only
by the Participant.  

2

Vesting, Etc.   The Administrator may determine the time or times at which an Award will vest or become exercisable and the terms on which an Award requiring exercise
will remain exercisable. Without limiting the foregoing, the Administrator may at any time accelerate the vesting or exercisability of an Award, regardless of any adverse or potentially adverse tax
consequences resulting from such acceleration. Unless the Administrator expressly provides otherwise, however, the following rules will apply: immediately upon the cessation of the Participant's
Employment, each Award requiring exercise that is then held by the Participant or by the Participant's permitted transferees, if any, will cease to be exercisable and will terminate, and all other
Awards that are then held by the Participant or by the Participant's permitted transferees, if any, to the extent not already vested will be forfeited, except that:  

subject to (B) and (C) below, all Stock Options and SARs held by the Participant or the Participant's permitted transferees, if any, immediately prior to the cessation of the Participant's
Employment, to the extent then exercisable, will remain exercisable for the lesser of (i) a period of three months or (ii) the period ending on the latest date on which such Stock Option or SAR
could have been exercised without regard to this Section 7(a)(4), and will thereupon terminate;  
 all Stock Options and SARs held by a Participant or the Participant's permitted transferees, if any, immediately prior to the Participant's death or Disability, to the extent then exercisable, will
remain exercisable for the lesser of (i) the one year period ending with the first anniversary of the Participant's death or Disability or (ii) the period ending on the latest date on which such Stock
Option or SAR could have been exercised without regard to this Section 7(a)(4), and will thereupon terminate; and  
 all Stock Options and SARs held by a Participant or the Participant's permitted transferees, if any, immediately prior to the cessation of the Participant's Employment will immediately
terminate upon such cessation if the Administrator in its sole discretion determines that such cessation of Employment has resulted for reasons which cast such discredit on the Participant as to
justify immediate termination of the Award.   

    Taxes  . The Administrator will make such provision for the withholding of taxes as it deems necessary. The Administrator may, but need not, hold back shares of Stock from
an Award or permit a Participant to tender previously owned shares of Stock in satisfaction of tax withholding requirements (but not in excess of the minimum withholding required by law).  

3

Dividend Equivalents, Etc .  The Administrator may provide for the payment of amounts in lieu of cash dividends or other cash distributions with respect to Stock subject to
an Award. Any entitlement to dividend equivalents or similar entitlements shall be established and administered consistent either with exemption from, or compliance with, the requirements of
Section 409A to the extent applicable.  
    Foreign Qualified Grants  . Awards under this Plan may be granted to officers and Employees of the Company and other persons described in Section 6 who reside in
foreign jurisdictions as the Administrator may determine from time to time. The Administrator may adopt supplements to the Plan as needed to comply with the applicable laws of such foreign
jurisdictions and to give Participants favorable treatment under such laws;  provided ,  however  that no award shall be granted under any such supplement on terms more beneficial
to such Participants than those permitted by this Plan.  
    Corporate Mergers, Acquisitions, Etc  . The Administrator may grant Awards under this Plan having terms, conditions and provisions that vary from those specified in this
Plan provided that such Awards are granted in substitution for, or in connection with the assumption of, existing Awards granted or issued by another corporation and assumed or otherwise
agreed to be provided for by the Company pursuant to or by reason of a transaction involving a corporate merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, reorganization or liquidation to
which the Company is a party.  
    Rights Limited  . Nothing in the Plan will be construed as giving any person the right to continued employment or service with the Company or its Affiliates, or any rights as a
stockholder except as to shares of Stock actually issued under the Plan. The loss of existing or potential profit in Awards will not constitute an element of damages in the event of termination of
Employment for any reason, even if the termination is in violation of an obligation of the Company or Affiliate to the Participant.  
    Section 162(m)  . This Section 7(a)(10) applies to any Performance Award intended to qualify as performance-based for the purposes of Section 162(m) other than a Stock
Option or SAR. In the case of any Performance Award to which this Section 7(a)(10) applies, the Plan and such Award will be construed to the maximum extent permitted by law in a manner
consistent with qualifying the Award for such exception. With respect to such Performance Awards, the Administrator will preestablish, in writing, one or more specific Performance Criteria no
later than 90 days after the commencement of the period of service to which the performance relates

4

(or at such earlier time as is required to qualify the Award as performance-based under
Section 162(m)). Prior to grant, vesting or payment of the Performance Award, as the case may be, the Administrator will certify whether the applicable Performance Criteria have been attained
and such determination will be final and conclusive. No Performance Award to which this Section 7(a)(10) applies may be granted after the first meeting of the stockholders of the Company held
in 2018 until the listed performance measures set forth in the definition of "Performance Criteria" (as originally approved or as subsequently amended) have been resubmitted to and reapproved
by the stockholders of the Company in accordance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, unless such grant is made contingent upon such approval. 

Awards Requiring Exercise   

Time And Manner Of Exercise  . Unless the Administrator expressly provides otherwise, an Award requiring exercise by the holder will not be deemed to have been exercised
until the Administrator receives a notice of exercise (in form acceptable to the Administrator) signed by the appropriate person and accompanied by any payment required under the Award. If the
Award is exercised by any person other than the Participant, the Administrator may require satisfactory evidence that the person exercising the Award has the right to do so. Awards may be
exercised in whole or in part.  

    Exercise Price  . The exercise price (or the base value from which appreciation is to be measured) of each Award requiring exercise shall be 100% (in the case of an ISO
granted to a ten-percent shareholder within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code, 110%) of the fair market value of the Stock subject to the Award, determined as of the date of grant, or
such higher amount as the Administrator may determine in connection with the grant. Fair market value shall be determined by the Administrator consistent with the requirements of Section 422
and Section 409A. Without the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of Stock cast in person or by proxy at a meeting of the stockholders of the Company at which
a quorum representing a majority of all outstanding shares of Stock is present or represented by proxy, the Committee shall not approve a program providing for either (a) the cancellation
of outstanding Awards requiring exercise and the grant in substitution therefor of new Awards having a lower exercise price that has the effect of a repricing or (b) the amendment of such Awards
to reduce the exercise price thereof.  The preceding sentence shall not be construed to apply to: (i) "issuing or assuming a stock option in a transaction to which section 424(a) applies,"
within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code or (ii) the substitution or assumption of an Award by reason of or pursuant to a corporate transaction, to the extent such substitution or assumption
would not be treated as a grant of a new stock right or a change in the form of

5

payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code within the meaning of Prop. Treas. Reg.
Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(D)(3), Notice 2005-1, A-4(d) and any subsequent Section 409A guidance.  

    Payment Of Exercise Price  . Where the exercise of an Award is to be accompanied by payment, the Administrator may determine the required or permitted forms of
payment, subject to the following: all payments will be by cash or check acceptable to the Administrator, or, if so permitted by the Administrator and if legally permissible, (i) through the delivery
of shares of Stock that have been outstanding for at least six months (unless the Administrator approves a shorter period) and that have a fair market value equal to the exercise price, (ii) by
delivery to the Company of a promissory note of the person exercising the Award, payable on such terms as are specified by the Administrator, (iii) through a broker-assisted exercise program
acceptable to the Administrator, (iv) by other means acceptable to the Administrator, or (v) by any combination of the foregoing permissible forms of payment. The delivery of shares in payment
of the exercise price under clause (a)(i) above may be accomplished either by actual delivery or by constructive delivery through attestation of ownership, subject to such rules as the
Administrator may prescribe.  

    409A Exemption .  Except as the Administrator otherwise determines, no Award requiring exercise shall have deferral features, or shall be administered in a manner, that
would cause such Award to fail to qualify for exemption from Section 409A.  

Awards Not Requiring Exercise 

   Restricted Stock and Unrestricted Stock, whether delivered outright or under Awards of Stock Units or other Awards that do not require exercise, may be made in exchange for
such lawful consideration, including services, as the Administrator determines. Any Award resulting in a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A shall be construed to the maximum
extent possible, as determined by the Administrator, consistent with the requirements of Section 409A. 

8.   EFFECT OF CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS  

Mergers,  etc.    Except as otherwise provided in an Award, the following provisions shall apply in the event of a Covered Transaction:  

Assumption or Substitution  . If the Covered Transaction is one in which there is an acquiring or surviving entity, the Administrator may provide for the assumption of some
or all outstanding Awards or for the grant of new awards in substitution therefor by the acquiror or survivor or an affiliate of the acquiror or survivor.  

6

Cash-Out of Awards  . If the Covered Transaction is one in which holders of Stock will receive upon consummation a payment (whether cash, non-cash or a combination of
the foregoing), the Administrator may provide for payment (a "cash-out"), with respect to some or all Awards, equal in the case of each affected Award to the excess, if any, of (A) the fair market
value of one share of Stock (as determined by the Administrator in its reasonable discretion) times the number of shares of Stock subject to the Award, over (B) the aggregate exercise or
purchase price, if any, under the Award (in the case of an SAR, the aggregate base price above which appreciation is measured), in each case on such payment terms (which need not be the
same as the terms of payment to holders of Stock) and other terms, and subject to such conditions, as the Administrator determines.   
     Acceleration of Certain Awards  . If the Covered Transaction (whether or not there is an acquiring or surviving entity) is one in which there is no assumption,
substitution or cash-out, each Award requiring exercise will become fully exercisable, and the delivery of shares of Stock deliverable under each outstanding Award of Stock Units (including
Restricted Stock Units and Performance Awards to the extent consisting of Stock Units) will be accelerated and such shares will be delivered, prior to the Covered Transaction, in each case on a
basis that gives the holder of the Award a reasonable opportunity, as determined by the Administrator, following exercise of the Award or the delivery of the shares, as the case may be, to
participate as a stockholder in the Covered Transaction.  
    Termination of Awards Upon Consummation of Covered Transaction  . Each Award (unless assumed pursuant to Section 8(a)(1) above), other than outstanding shares of
Restricted Stock (which shall be treated in the same manner as other shares of Stock, subject to Section 8(a)(5) below), will terminate upon consummation of the Covered Transaction.  
    Additional Limitations  . Any share of Stock delivered pursuant to Section 8(a)(2) or Section 8(a)(3) above with respect to an Award may, in the discretion of the
Administrator, contain such restrictions, if any, as the Administrator deems appropriate to reflect any performance or other vesting conditions to which the Award was subject. In the case of
Restricted Stock, the Administrator may require that any amounts delivered, exchanged or otherwise paid in respect of such Stock in connection with the Covered Transaction be placed in
escrow or otherwise made subject to such restrictions as the Administrator deems appropriate to carry out the intent of the Plan.  

7

Change in and Distributions With Respect to Stock  

Basic Adjustment Provisions  . In the event of a stock dividend, stock split or combination of shares (including a reverse stock split), recapitalization or other change in the
Company's capital structure, the Administrator will make appropriate adjustments to the maximum number of shares specified in Section 5(a) that may be delivered under the Plan and to the
maximum share limits described in Section 5(c), and will also make appropriate adjustments to the number and kind of shares of stock or securities subject to Awards then outstanding or
subsequently granted, any exercise prices relating to Awards and any other provision of Awards affected by such change.  
    Certain Other Adjustments  . The Administrator may also make adjustments of the type described in Section 8(b)(1) above to take into account distributions to stockholders
other than those provided for in Section 8(a) and 8(b)(1), or any other event, if the Administrator determines that adjustments are appropriate to avoid distortion in the operation of the Plan and to
preserve the value of Awards made hereunder, having due regard for the qualification of ISOs under Section 422 of the Code, the performance-based compensation rules of Section 162(m), and
the requirements of Section 409A, where applicable.  

    Continuing Application of Plan Terms  . References in the Plan to shares of Stock will be construed to include any stock or securities resulting from an adjustment pursuant
to this Section 8.  

9.   LEGAL CONDITIONS ON DELIVERY OF STOCK  
  The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Stock pursuant to the Plan or to remove any restriction from shares of Stock previously delivered under the Plan until: (i) the
Company is satisfied that all legal matters in connection with the issuance and delivery of such shares have been addressed and resolved; (ii) if the outstanding Stock is at the time of delivery
listed on any stock exchange or national market system, the shares to be delivered have been listed or authorized to be listed on such exchange or system upon official notice of issuance; and
(iii) all conditions of the Award have been satisfied or waived. If the sale of Stock has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Company may require, as a condition
to exercise of the Award, such representations or agreements as counsel for the Company may consider appropriate to avoid violation of such Act. The Company may require that certificates
evidencing Stock issued under the Plan bear an appropriate legend reflecting any restriction on transfer applicable to such Stock, and the Company may hold the certificates pending lapse of the
applicable restrictions.  

                                                              8

10.   AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION  
  The Administrator may at any time or times amend the Plan or any outstanding Award for any purpose which may at the time be permitted by law, and may at any time terminate the
Plan as to any future grants of Awards;  provided , that except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan the Administrator may not, without the Participant's consent, alter the terms of an
Award so as to affect adversely the Participant's rights under the Award, unless the Administrator expressly reserved the right to do so at the time of the Award. Any amendments to the Plan
shall be conditioned upon stockholder approval only to the extent, if any, such approval is required by law (including the Code and applicable stock exchange requirements), as determined by the
Administrator. 

  11.   OTHER COMPENSATION ARRANGEMENTS  
  The existence of the Plan or the grant of any Award will not in any way affect the Company's right to Award a person bonuses or other compensation in addition to Awards under the
Plan. 

  12.   MISCELLANEOUS  

Waiver of Jury Trial  . By accepting an Award under the Plan, each Participant waives any right to a trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim concerning any rights
under the Plan and any Award, or under any amendment, waiver, consent, instrument, document or other agreement delivered or which in the future may be delivered in connection therewith,
and agrees that any such action, proceedings or counterclaim shall be tried before a court and not before a jury. By accepting an Award under the Plan, each Participant certifies that no officer,
representative, or attorney of the Company has represented, expressly or otherwise, that the Company would not, in the event of any action, proceeding or counterclaim, seek to enforce the
foregoing waivers.  
    Limitation of Liability .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, neither the Company, any Affiliate, nor the Administrator, nor any person acting on behalf of the
Company, any Affiliate, or the Administrator, shall be liable to any Participant or to the estate or beneficiary of any Participant or to any other holder of an Award by reason of any acceleration of
income, or any additional tax, asserted by reason of the failure of an Award to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 or Section 409A or by reason of Section 4999 of the Code; provided, that
nothing in this Section 12(b) shall limit the ability of the Administrator or the Company to provide by separate express written agreement with a Participant for a gross-up payment or other
payment in connection with any such tax or additional tax.  

9

EXHIBIT A 
  Definition of Terms 
   The following terms, when used in the Plan, will have the meanings and be subject to the provisions set forth below: 
  "Administrator":  The Board, except that the Board may delegate (i) to one or more of its members such of its duties, powers and responsibilities as it may determine;
 provided , that with respect to any delegation described in this clause (i) only the Board may amend or terminate the Plan as provided in Section 10; (ii) to one or more officers of the
Company the power to grant rights or options to the extent permitted by Section 157(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law; (iii) to one or more officers of the Company the authority to
allocate other Awards among such persons (other than officers of the Company) eligible to receive Awards under the Plan as such delegated officer or officers determine consistent with such
delegation;  provided , that with respect to any delegation described in this clause (iii) the Board (or a properly delegated member or members of the Board) shall have authorized the
issuance of a specified number of shares of Stock under such Awards and shall have specified the consideration, if any, to be paid therefor; and (iv) to such Employees or other persons as it
determines such ministerial tasks as it deems appropriate. In the event of any delegation described in the preceding sentence, the term "Administrator" shall include the person or persons so
delegated to the extent of such delegation.  
  "Affiliate" : Any corporation or other entity owning, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the outstanding Stock of the Company, or in which the Company or any such corporation or
other entity owns, directly or indirectly, 50% of the outstanding capital stock (determined by aggregate voting rights) or other voting interests. However, for purposes of determining eligibility for
the grant of a Stock Option or SAR, the term "Affiliate" shall mean a person standing in a relationship to the Company such that the Company and such person are treated as a single employer
under Section 414(b) and Section 414(c) of the Code, in accordance with the definition of "service recipient" under Section 409A of the Code. 

  "Award":  Any or a combination of the following:  

(i) Stock Options.  
 (ii) SARs. 
 (iii) Restricted Stock. 
 (iv) Unrestricted Stock. 
 (v) Stock Units, including Restricted Stock Units.  
 (vi) Performance Awards. 
 (vii) Cash Awards. 
 (viii) Awards (other than Awards described in (i) through (vii) above) that are convertible into or otherwise based on Stock.  

"Board":  The Board of Directors of the Company. 

                                                              10

"Cash Award":  An Award denominated in cash. 
  "Code":  The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as from time to time amended and in effect, or any successor statute as from time to time in effect. 
  "Company":  MicroVision, Inc. 
  "Covered Transaction":  Any of (i) a consolidation, merger, or similar transaction or series of related transactions, including a sale or other disposition of stock, in which the Company
is not the surviving corporation or which results in the acquisition of all or substantially all of the Company's then outstanding common stock by a single person or entity or by a group of persons
and/or entities acting in concert, (ii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all the Company's assets, or (iii) a dissolution or liquidation of the Company.   Where a Covered
Transaction involves a tender offer that is reasonably expected to be followed by a merger described in clause (i) (as determined by the Administrator), the Covered Transaction shall be deemed
to have occurred upon consummation of the tender offer. 
  "Disability":  The total and permanent disability of any Participant, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Administrator may, but is not required to, rely on a determination of disability by the Company's long term disability carrier or the Social Security Administration. 
  "Employee":  Any person who is employed by the Company or an Affiliate. 
  "Employment":  A Participant's employment or other service relationship with the Company and its Affiliates. Employment will be deemed to continue, unless the Administrator
expressly provides otherwise, so long as the Participant is employed by, or otherwise is providing services in a capacity described in Section 6 to the Company or its Affiliates. If a Participant's
employment or other service relationship is with an Affiliate and that entity ceases to be an Affiliate, the Participant's Employment will be deemed to have terminated when the entity ceases to be
an Affiliate unless the Participant transfers Employment to the Company or its remaining Affiliates. 
  "ISO":  A Stock Option intended to be an "incentive stock option" within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. Each option granted pursuant to the Plan will be treated as providing
by its terms that it is to be a non-incentive stock option unless, as of the date of grant, it is expressly designated as an ISO.  
  "Participant":  A person who is granted an Award under the Plan. 
  "Performance Award" : An Award subject to Performance Criteria. The Committee in its discretion may grant Performance Awards that are intended to qualify for the performance-based compensation
exception under Section 162(m) and Performance Awards that are not intended so to qualify. 

  "Performance Criteria" : Specified criteria, other than the mere continuation of Employment or the mere passage of time, the satisfaction of which is a condition for the grant,
exercisability, vesting or full enjoyment of an Award. For purposes of Awards that are intended to qualify for the performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m), a
Performance Criterion will mean an objectively determinable measure of performance relating to any or any combination of the following (measured either absolutely or by reference to an index
or indices and determined either on a consolidated basis or, as the context permits, on a divisional, subsidiary, line of business, project or geographical basis or in combinations thereof): sales;
revenues; assets; expenses; earnings before or after deduction for all or any portion of interest, taxes, depreciation, or

                                                              11

amortization, whether or not on a continuing operations or an aggregate or
per share basis; return on equity, investment, capital or assets; one or more operating ratios; borrowing levels, leverage ratios or credit rating; market share; capital expenditures; cash flow; stock
price; stockholder return; sales of particular products or services; customer acquisition or retention; acquisitions and divestitures (in whole or in part); joint ventures and strategic alliances; spin-offs,
split-ups and the like; reorganizations; or recapitalizations, restructurings, financings (issuance of debt or equity) or refinancings. A Performance Criterion and any targets with respect
thereto determined by the Administrator need not be based upon an increase, a positive or improved result or avoidance of loss. To the extent consistent with the requirements for satisfying the
performance-based compensation exception under Section 162(m), the Administrator may provide in the case of any Award intended to qualify for such exception that one or more of the
Performance Criteria applicable to such Award will be adjusted in an objectively determinable manner to reflect events (for example, but without limitation, acquisitions or dispositions) occurring
during the performance period that affect the applicable Performance Criterion or Criteria. 

  "Plan":  The 2013 MicroVision, Inc. Incentive Plan, as from time to time amended and in effect. 
  "Restricted Stock":  Stock subject to restrictions requiring that it be redelivered or offered for sale to the Company if specified conditions are not satisfied. 
  "Restricted Stock Unit":  A Stock Unit that is, or as to which the delivery of Stock or cash in lieu of Stock is, subject to the satisfaction of specified performance or other vesting
conditions. 

  "Section 162(m)":  Section 162(m) of the Code. 
  "Section 409A":  Section 409A of the Code. 
  "SAR":  A right entitling the holder upon exercise to receive an amount (payable in shares of Stock of equivalent value) equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares of
Stock subject to the right over the fair market value of such shares at the date of grant.  
  "Stock":  Common Stock of the Company, par value $.001 per share. 
  "Stock Option":  An option entitling the holder to acquire shares of Stock upon payment of the exercise price. 
  "Stock Unit" : An unfunded and unsecured promise, denominated in shares of Stock, to deliver Stock or cash measured by the value of Stock in the future. 
  "Unrestricted Stock":  Stock not subject to any restrictions under the terms of the Award. 

12

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exh31-1.htm
 CEO 302 CERTFICATE
 
 September 30, 2016 10-Q  Exhibit 31.1  

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
       RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
                  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
       SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Alexander Y. Tokman, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of MicroVision, Inc.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:

(a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;

(b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.

Date: November 2, 2016  
 
  /s/ Alexander Y. Tokman 
 
                      Alexander Y. Tokman 
                     Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exh31-2.htm
 CFO 302 CERTFICATE

September 30, 2016 10-Q  Exhibit 31.2  

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
       RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
                  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
       SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Stephen P. Holt, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of MicroVision, Inc.;

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report;

4.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:

(a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;

(b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.   The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b)   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.

Date: November 2, 2016  
 
  /s/ Stephen P. Holt 
 
                      Stephen P. Holt 
                     Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exh32-1.htm
 CEO 906 CERTFICATE

September 30, 2016 10-Q  Exhibit 32.1  

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
                       SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
                                 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
                              SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Executive Officer of
MicroVision, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby certify that to the undersigned's knowledge:

1)     the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2)    the information contained in the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: November 2, 2016  
 
  /s/ Alexander Y. Tokman 
 
                      Alexander Y. Tokman 
                     Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exh32-2.htm
 CFO 906 CERTFICATE

September 30, 2016 10-Q  Exhibit 32.2  

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
                       SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE, 
                                 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
                              SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, as Chief Financial Officer of
MicroVision, Inc. (the "Company"), does hereby certify that to the undersigned's knowledge:

1)     the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2)    the information contained in the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: November 2, 2016  
 
  /s/ Stephen P. Holt 
 
                      Stephen P. Holt 
                     Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 mvis-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 mvis-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 mvis-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 mvis-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 mvis-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 mvis-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

