<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_96021_0000096021-16-000318_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9192431</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>293191</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>393199</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3583411</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3666477</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1045938</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>61</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000096021-16-000318.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107193546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000096021-16-000318
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYSCO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096021
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & RELATED PRODUCTS [5140]
		IRS NUMBER:				741648137
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0702

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06544
		FILM NUMBER:		161979695

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1390 ENCLAVE PKWY
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		281-584-1390

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1390 ENCLAVE PKWY
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000096021-16-000318.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 syy2017q110-q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
  ________________  
  Form 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 
    
           QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
       
  For the quarterly period ended   October 1, 2016    
    
           TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  Commission File Number 1-6544    
  ________________  
     
  Sysco Corporation  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code:  
  (281) 584-1390  
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    
  Yes      No    
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    
  Yes       No    
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                 Large Accelerated Filer    
    Accelerated Filer    
      Non-accelerated Filer        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller Reporting Company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    
  Yes       No    
    
  546,931,309   shares of common stock were outstanding as of   October 21, 2016  . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page No. 
        
    PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
       Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  
    1 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    21 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    38 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    38 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
      
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    39 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    39 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    39 
       Item 3.  
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    39 
       Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    40 
       Item 5.  
     Other Information  
    40 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    40 

Signatures  
      
    41 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
  Item 1.      Financial Statements 
   
  Sysco Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (In thousands, except for share data) 
   
 Note: The   July 2, 2016   balance sheet has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date.  
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   1 

Sysco Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries  
  CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited)       
  (In thousands, except for share and per share data) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   2 

Sysco Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited)  
  (In thousands) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   3 

Sysco Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries  
  CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS (Unaudited)  
  (In thousands) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   4 

Sysco Corporation and its Consolidated Subsidiaries   
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)  
    
  Unless this Form 10-Q indicates otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the terms  we,   our,   us,   Sysco,  or  the company  as used in this Form 10-Q refer to Sysco Corporation together with its consolidated subsidiaries and divisions. 

1.        BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the company, without audit, with the exception of the   July 2, 2016   consolidated balance sheet, which was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the company's fiscal   2016   Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial statements include consolidated balance sheets, consolidated results of operations, consolidated statements of comprehensive income and consolidated cash flows. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which consist of normal recurring adjustments, except as otherwise disclosed, necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, comprehensive income and cash flows for all periods presented have been made. 
  On July 5, 2016, Sysco consummated its acquisition of Cucina Lux Investments Limited (a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of England and Wales), a holding company of the Brakes Group.  This is further described in   Note 4  ,   "Acquisitions"  .  This acquisition, combined with a change in how the chief operating decision maker assesses performance and allocates resources, resulted in a change in the company's segment reporting.  This is further described in   Note 13  ,   "Business Segment Information"  . 
  Deferred taxes within the consolidated balance sheet for   October 1, 2016  , have been classified as long-term due to the adoption of an accounting pronouncement related to simplification in the presentation of deferred taxes. See   Note 2  ,   "Changes in Accounting"   for additional information on these changes. 
  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the company's fiscal   2016   Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain footnote disclosures included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to applicable rules and regulations for interim financial statements. 
  The interim financial information herein has been reviewed by Ernst   Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, in accordance with established professional standards and procedures for such a review. A Review Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm has been issued by Ernst   Young LLP and is included as Exhibit 15.1 to this Form 10-Q. 

2.      CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING    
  Simplification of Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes 
  In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standard Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standard Update (ASU) 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,   as part of its simplification initiative, which is the FASB's effort to reduce the cost and complexity of certain aspects of U.S. GAAP. This guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. The guidance does not change the existing requirement that only permits offsetting of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities within a jurisdiction. The company early adopted this standard in the second quarter of fiscal   2016   on a prospective basis, as permitted by the ASU.  

3.      NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS    
  Guidance in Presentation of Cash Flows 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , to address eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. The eight specific issues are (1) Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs; (2) Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing; (3) Contingent Consideration Payments Made after a Businesses Combination; (4) Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims; (5) Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned Life Insurance Policies; (6) Distributions Received from Equity Method Invitees; (7) Beneficial Interests in Securitization Transactions; and (8) Separately Identifiable Cash and Application of the Predominance Principle. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, which is fiscal 2019 for Sysco, with early adoption permitted. The company is currently reviewing the provisions of the new standard. 

5 

Leases 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  , specifying the accounting for leases, which supersedes the leases requirements in Topic 840,   Leases  . The objective of Topic 842 is to establish the principles that lessees and lessors shall apply to report useful information to users of financial statements about the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from a lease. Lessees are permitted to make an accounting policy election to not recognize the asset and liability for leases with a term of twelve months or less. Lessors  accounting is largely unchanged from the previous accounting standard. In addition, Topic 842 expands the disclosure requirements of lease arrangements. Lessees and lessors will use a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of practical expedients. This guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018, which is fiscal 2020 for Sysco, with early adoption permitted. The company is currently reviewing the provisions of the new standard. 
    
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  . This new standard will replace all current GAAP guidance on this topic and eliminate all industry-specific     guidance. The new revenue recognition standard provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is recognized.     The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers     in an amount that reflects the consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The collective guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, which is fiscal 2019 for Sysco, and could be early adopted in fiscal 2018. The standard may be applied either     retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The company has not selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of this ASU on its ongoing financial reporting. 

4.      ACQUISITIONS    
  During the first   13   weeks of fiscal   2017  , the company paid cash of   $2.9 billion   for acquisitions, net of cash acquired. Certain current year and prior year acquisitions involve contingent consideration that may include earnout agreements that are typically payable over periods of up to   three years   in the event that certain operating results are achieved. As of   October 1, 2016  , aggregate contingent consideration outstanding was   $20.7 million  , of which   $6.7 million   was recorded as earnout liabilities. 
  Brakes Group 
  On July 5, 2016, Sysco consummated its acquisition of Cucina Lux Investments Limited (a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of England and Wales), a holding company of the Brakes Group, pursuant to an agreement for the sale and purchase of securities in the capital of the Brakes Group, dated as of February 19, 2016 (the Purchase Agreement), by and among Sysco, entities affiliated with Bain Capital Investors, LLC, and members of management of the Brakes Group (the Acquisition). Following the closing of the Acquisition, the Brakes Group became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sysco.  
  The Brakes Group is a leading European foodservice business by revenue, supplying fresh, refrigerated and frozen food products, as well as non-food products and supplies, to more than   50,000   foodservice customers ranging from large customers, including leisure, pub, restaurant, hotel and contract catering groups, to smaller customers, including independent restaurants, hotels, fast food outlets, schools and hospitals. Brakes Group businesses include: Brakes, Brakes Catering Equipment, Brake France, Country Choice, Davigel, Fresh Direct, Freshfayre, M J Seafood, Menigo Foodservice, Pauley's, Wild Harvest and Woodward Foodservice. The Brakes Group has leading market positions in the U.K., France, and Sweden, in addition to a presence in Ireland, Belgium, Spain and Luxembourg. The principal reasons for the Acquisition was the ability to expand Sysco's footprint and infrastructure in Europe and profitably grow Sysco's business. These contributed to a purchase price that resulted in recognition of goodwill. 
  The assets, liabilities and operating results of the Brakes Group are reflected in the company s consolidated financial statements in accordance with ASC Topic No. 805,   Business Combinations  , commencing from the acquisition date.  In certain circumstances, the purchase price allocations may be based upon preliminary estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, the allocations are subject to revision until Sysco receives final information and other analysis during the measurement period.  These include items such as finalizing valuation of acquired tangible and intangible assets and related tax attributes.    
  Total consideration has been determined to be as follows (in thousands): 
  
   6 

The purchase price was allocated based on the company s preliminary estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as follows (in thousands): 

(1)   
    The excess purchase price of   $1.7 billion   was assigned to goodwill,   none   of which is deductible for income tax purposes.     This goodwill has been assigned to the International Foodservice Operations reportable segment.  Intangible assets added include customer relationships of   $917.6 million   with a weighted average life of   12   years and trademarks and trade names of   $140.6 million   that are indefinite lives assets.  Amortization expense is being recognized on a straight line basis and for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was   $19.1 million  . 
       
  The quarter ended October 1, 2016 includes the results of operations of the Brakes Group for the period from July 5, 2016 to October 1, 2016. The consolidated statement of operations for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 includes   $1.3 billion   of sales and   $18.9 million   of net earnings attributable to the Brakes Group.  Sysco incurred debt in order to fund the Acquisition; however, the interest expense on that debt is not reflected within the earnings from operations attributable to the Brakes Group.  
  Unaudited Pro forma Results 
  The following table presents the company s pro forma consolidated sales, earnings before income taxes, and net earnings for the quarter ended September 26, 2015. The unaudited pro forma results include the historical statements of operations information of the company and of Brakes Group, giving effect to the Acquisition and related financing as if they had occurred at the beginning of the period presented (in thousands, except per share data). 

The pro forma results, prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, include the following pro forma adjustments related to the Acquisition. 
    
           (i) 
    Additional amortization expense related to the fair value of intangible assets acquired. 
              (ii) 
    Additional depreciation expense related to the fair value of property and equipment acquired. 
     
   7 

(iii) 
    The elimination of interest expense assuming the long-term debt paid off on behalf of the Brakes Group as of the Acquisition date had been retired as of June 28, 2015. 
              (iv) 
    The addition of interest expense incurred by Sysco due to the Acquisition of the Brakes Group. 
              (v) 
    The elimination of interest income from related party debt instruments issued to the Brakes Group prior to the Acquisition. 
              (vi) 
    The elimination of Brakes' minority interests, as the majority of the interests were repurchased before the Acquisition. 
       
  The unaudited pro forma results do not include any sales or cost reductions that may be achieved through the business combination, or the impact of non-recurring items directly related to the business combination or the nature and amount of any material, nonrecurring pro forma adjustments. 
  The unaudited pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred if the Acquisition had been completed as of the date for which the pro forma financial information is presented. In addition, the unaudited pro forma results do not purport to project the future consolidated operating results of the combined companies. 
   
  5.      FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., an exit price). The accounting guidance includes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  
             
    Level 1   Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets;  
                
    Level 2   Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that are observable either directly or indirectly for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and  
                
    Level 3   Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which include management s own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk.  
     Sysco s policy is to invest in only high-quality investments. Cash equivalents primarily include time deposits, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, high-quality money market funds and all highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less. Restricted cash consists of investments in high-quality money market funds.  Any derivative instruments described below are discussed further in   Note 6  ,   "Derivative Financial Instruments"       
  The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value: 
             
    Time deposits and commercial paper included in cash equivalents are valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair value.  These are included within cash equivalents as a Level 2 measurement in the tables below.  
                
    Money market funds are valued at the closing price reported by the fund sponsor from an actively traded exchange.  These are included within cash equivalents and restricted cash as Level 1 measurements in the tables below.  
                
    The interest rate swap agreements are valued using a swap valuation model that utilizes an income approach using observable market inputs including interest rates, LIBOR swap rates and credit default swap rates.  These are included as Level 2 measurements in the tables below. 
                
    The foreign currency swap agreements are valued using a swap valuation model that utilizes an income approach applying observable market inputs including interest rates, LIBOR swap rates for U.S. dollars, pound sterling and Euro currencies, and credit default swap rates.  These are included as Level 2 measurements in the tables below. 
                
    Foreign currency forwards are valued based on exchange rates quoted by domestic and foreign banks for similar instruments. These are included as Level 2 measurements in the tables below. 
                
    Fuel hedges are valued based on observable market transactions of forward commodity prices. These are included as Level 2 measurements in the tables below. 
                
    Contingent consideration in the form of earnout agreements relating to acquisitions is determined utilizing a discounted cash flow approach using various probability-weighted scenarios. The significant unobservable inputs used in calculating the fair value of the contingent consideration includes financial performance scenarios, the probability of achieving those scenarios and the discount rate. These are included in contingent consideration liabilities as Level 3 measurements in the table below. For additional information, see   Note 4  ,   "Acquisitions"  .  
     
   8 

The following tables present the company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   October 1, 2016  ,   July 2, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  :   

9 

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements of our Level 3 contingent consideration liabilities related to earnout agreements were as follows: 

A decrease in probabilities of achieving the targets or an increase in the discount rates would result in a lower fair value measurement.  The fair value of contingent consideration for earnout agreements is reassessed quarterly, including an analysis of the significant inputs used in the valuation, as well as the accretion of the present value discount.  Changes are reflected within Operating expense in the consolidated results of operations.   
  The following table provides the changes in fair value of the contingent consideration for earnout liabilities for the periods presented (in thousands): 

The carrying values of accounts receivable and accounts payable approximated their respective fair values due to their short-term maturities. The fair value of Sysco s total debt is estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issue or on the current rates offered to the company for debt of the same remaining maturities and is considered a Level 2 measurement. The fair value of total debt approximated     $8.4 billion  ,   $7.9 billion   and   $3.1 billion   as of   October 1, 2016  ,   July 2, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively. The carrying value of total debt was   $7.8 billion  ,   $7.4 billion   and   $2.9 billion   as of   October 1, 2016  ,   July 2, 2016   and   September 26, 2015  , respectively. 

10 

6.      DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    
  Sysco uses derivative financial instruments to enact hedging strategies for risk mitigation purposes; however, the company does not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
    
  Hedging of interest rate risk 
  Sysco manages its debt portfolio with interest rate swaps from time to time to achieve an overall desired position of fixed and floating rates. Details of outstanding swap agreements as of   October 1, 2016   are below: 

Hedging of foreign currency risk 
  In the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , Sysco entered into cross-currency swap contracts to hedge the foreign currency transaction risk of certain pound sterling-denominated intercompany loans with a total notional value of    234.2 million  . Gains and losses from these swaps offset the changes in value of interest and principal payments as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates, which are recorded in other expense (income), net in the consolidated results of operations. The company recognizes the difference between the U.S. dollar interest payments received from the swap counterparty and the U.S. dollar equivalent of the pound sterling interest payments made to the swap counterparty in other expense (income), net on the consolidated results of operations. This difference varies over time and is driven by a number of market factors, including relevant interest rate differentials and foreign exchange rates. These swaps have been designated as cash flow hedges and mature in July 2021, at the same time as the related loans. There are no credit-risk-related contingent features associated with these swaps. 
  The company also entered into cross currency swap contracts to hedge the foreign currency exposure of our net investment in certain foreign operations. The effective portion of the derivative gain or loss is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be subsequently reclassified to earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated.  Sysco also designated its Euro-denominated debt of    500 million   issued in June 2016 as a net-investment hedge.  The remeasurement gain or loss is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and will be subsequently reclassified to net earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. 
  Sysco's operations in the United Kingdom and Sweden have inventory purchases denominated in currencies other than their functional currency such as Euro, U.S. dollar, Polish zloty and Danish krone. These inventory purchases give rise to foreign currency exposure between the functional currency of these entities and these currencies. The company enters into foreign currency forward "swap" contracts to sell the applicable entity's functional currency and buy currencies matching the inventory purchase, which operate as cash flow hedges of the company's foreign currency-denominated inventory purchases. These swap contracts are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet and within accumulated other comprehensive income. The amount of ineffectiveness, if any, is recorded in earnings. Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the hedged forecasted transactions affect earnings, which is the period in which the company recognizes the sales associated with the specified foreign currency-denominated inventory purchases.  

11 

Hedging of fuel price risk 
  As a result of the Acquisition, Sysco acquired the Brakes Group fuel commodity swaps used to hedge against the risk of the change in the price of diesel on anticipated future purchases. These swaps have maturity dates extending into June 2017 and have been designated as cash flow hedges. These swap contracts are recorded at fair value on the balance sheet and within accumulated other comprehensive income. The amount of ineffectiveness, if any, is recorded in earnings. Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the hedged forecasted transactions occur, which is when the fuel is expected to be procured. 
  The location and the fair value of derivative instruments designated as hedges in the consolidated balance sheet as of   October 1, 2016  ,   July 2, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   are as follows: 

The location and effect of derivative instruments and related hedged items on the consolidated results of operations for the 13-week periods ended   October 1, 2016   and   September 26, 2015   presented on a pretax basis are as follows: 

Amounts related to cash flow hedge relationships were not material. For fair value hedges of interest rate risk, hedge ineffectiveness represents the difference between the changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments and the changes in fair value of the fixed rate debt attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate. For cash flow hedges, hedge ineffectiveness is the lesser of the change in the fair value of the derivative compared to the change in the hedged transaction. Hedge ineffectiveness is recorded directly in earnings within interest expense for interest rate swaps, other income and expense, net for hedging of the foreign exchange risk on intercompany loans, cost of sales for foreign exchange risk on inventory purchases and operating expense for fuel hedging. All amounts were immaterial for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   and   2016  . None of the instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features. 

7.      DEBT    
  Sysco has a commercial paper program allowing the company to issue short-term unsecured notes in an aggregate amount not to exceed   $1.5 billion  . As of   October 1, 2016  , there was   $442.8 million   in outstanding commercial paper classified as long-term debt due to the underlying long-term revolving credit facility. This facility, in the amount of   $1.5 billion  , expired on December 29, 2018, but was subject to extension.  During the first   13   weeks of   2017  , aggregate outstanding commercial paper and short-term bank borrowings ranged from   zero   to approximately   $694.3 million  . 
  
   12 

On November 2, 2016, the company's existing long-term revolving credit facility was terminated and a new facility in the amount of   $2.0 billion   was established.  The new facility expires on November 2, 2021, but is subject to extension.  

8.      EARNINGS PER SHARE    
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

The number of options that were not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation because the effect would have been anti-dilutive was approximately   2,056,000   and   4,500,000   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   and fiscal   2016  , respectively. 

13 

9.      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME    
  Comprehensive income is net earnings plus certain other items that are recorded directly to shareholders  equity, such as foreign currency translation adjustment, amounts related to cash flow hedging arrangements and certain amounts related to pension and other postretirement plans. Comprehensive income was   $247.1 million   and   $160.1 million   for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   and fiscal   2016  , respectively.  
  A summary of the components of other comprehensive income (loss) and the related tax effects for each of the periods presented is as follows:    

14 

The following tables provide a summary of the changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income for the periods presented: 

10.      SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION     
  Sysco provides compensation benefits to employees and non-employee directors under several share-based payment arrangements including various employee stock incentive plans, the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), and various non-employee director plans.  
    
  Stock Incentive Plans  
  In the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , options to purchase   4,923,481   shares were granted to employees. The fair value of each option award is estimated as of the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted average grant-date fair value per option granted during the first quarter of fiscal   2017   was   $6.04  . 
  In the first quarter of fiscal   2017  ,   802,854   performance share units (PSUs) were granted to employees. Based on the jurisdiction in which the employee resides, some of these PSUs were granted with forfeitable dividend equivalents. The fair value of each PSU award granted with a dividend equivalent is based on the company s stock price as of the date of grant. For PSUs granted without dividend equivalents, the fair value was reduced by the present value of expected dividends during the vesting period. The weighted average grant-date fair value per performance share unit granted during the first quarter of fiscal   2017   was   $52.19  . The PSUs will convert into shares of Sysco common stock at the end of the performance period based on financial performance targets consisting of Sysco's earnings per share compound annual growth rate and adjusted return on invested capital. In the first quarter of fiscal   2017  ,   expense was recognized assuming on-target performance will be achieved. 
  
   15 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan  
  Plan participants purchased   264,900   shares of common stock under the Sysco ESPP during the first quarter of fiscal   2017  .  
  The weighted average fair value per share of employee stock purchase rights issued pursuant to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan was   $7.61   during the first quarter of fiscal   2017  . The fair value of the stock purchase rights is estimated as the difference between the stock price and the employee purchase price.  
    
  All Share-Based Payment Arrangements  
  The total share-based compensation cost that has been recognized in results of operations was   $25.1 million   and   $11.6 million   for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   and fiscal   2016  , respectively.  
  As of   October 1, 2016  , there was   $113.4 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to share-based compensation arrangements. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   2.51   years.    

11.      INCOME TAXES    
  Uncertain Tax Positions  
  As of   October 1, 2016  , the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefit and related accrued interest was   $23.5 million   and   $14.4 million  , respectively. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized tax benefit with respect to certain of the company s unrecognized tax positions will increase or decrease in the next twelve months, either because Sysco prevails on positions challenged upon audit or because the company agrees to the disallowance. Items that may cause changes to unrecognized tax benefits primarily include the consideration of various filing requirements in numerous states and the allocation of income and expense between tax jurisdictions. At this time, an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change cannot be made.  
    
  Effective Tax Rate  
  Sysco s effective tax rate is reflective of the jurisdictions where the company has operations. The effective tax rates for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017   and fiscal   2016   were   35.28%   and   35.98%  , respectively. Indefinitely reinvested earnings taxed at foreign statutory rates less than our domestic tax rate have the impact of reducing the effective tax rate in both periods.  The Acquisition contributed to a lower effective tax rate in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , as the Brakes Group's operations are taxed at a lower rate than Sysco's historical U.S. operations.  In the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , Sysco experienced a reduction in the effective tax rate due to tax credits and lower tax rates from new tax laws in the United Kingdom.  These were largely offset by one-time tax expenses related to the Acquisition primarily from non-deductible transaction costs. 
  Other  
  The determination of the company s provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. The company s provision for income taxes reflects a combination of income earned and taxed in the various U.S. federal and state, as well as foreign, jurisdictions. Jurisdictional tax law changes, increases or decreases in permanent differences between book and tax items, accruals or adjustments of accruals for unrecognized tax benefits or valuation allowances, and the company s change in the mix of earnings from these taxing jurisdictions all affect the overall effective tax rate.   

12.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    
    
  Legal Proceedings     
    
  Sysco is engaged in various legal proceedings that have arisen, but have not been fully adjudicated.  The likelihood of loss for these legal proceedings, based on definitions within contingency accounting literature, ranges from remote to reasonably possible to probable.  When probable and reasonably estimable, the losses have been accrued.  Based on estimates of the range of potential losses associated with these matters, management does not believe the ultimate resolution of these proceedings, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect upon the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the company.  However, the final results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and, if the company failed to prevail in one or more of these legal matters, and the associated realized losses were to exceed the company s current estimates of the range of potential losses, the company s consolidated financial position or results of operations could be materially adversely affected in future periods. 

16 

13.      BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION    
  The Acquisition, combined with a change in how the chief operating decision maker assesses performance and allocates resources, resulted in a change in Sysco's segment reporting.  Sysco has aggregated certain of its operating companies into   three   reportable segments. "Other" financial information is attributable to the company's other operating segments that have not been aggregated into one of the   three   reporting segments.  
             
    U.S. Foodservice Operations - primarily includes U.S. broadline operations, custom-cut meat companies, FreshPoint (our specialty produce companies) and European Imports (a specialty import company); 
                
    International Foodservice Operations - includes broadline operations in Canada and Europe, including the Brakes Group, Bahamas, Mexico, Costa Rica and Panama, as well as a company that distributes to international customers; 
                
    SYGMA - our chain restaurant distribution subsidiary; and 
                
    Other - primarily our hotel supply operations and our Sysco Ventures platform, which includes our suite of technology solutions that help support the business needs of our customers. 
     Broadline operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to both traditional and chain restaurant customers, hospitals, schools, hotels, industrial caterers and other venues where foodservice products are served. SYGMA operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to certain chain restaurant customer locations.  
  The accounting policies for the segments are the same as those disclosed by Sysco for its consolidated financial statements.  Management evaluates the performance of each of our operating segments based on its respective operating income results. Corporate expenses generally include all expenses of the corporate office and Sysco s shared services center. These also include all share-based compensation costs. While a segment s operating income may be impacted in the short-term by increases or decreases in gross profits, expenses, or a combination thereof, over the long-term each business segment is expected to increase its operating income at a greater rate than sales growth. This is consistent with our long-term goal of leveraging earnings growth at a greater rate than sales growth.  
  The following tables set forth certain financial information for Sysco s business segments. Prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation and include the impact of a change in allocation between corporate and these segments that is not material but is consistent with management's assessment of segment performance in fiscal 2017. 

17 

18 

14.      SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR INFORMATION - SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEES    
  On January 19, 2011, the wholly owned U.S. Broadline subsidiaries of Sysco Corporation entered into full and unconditional guarantees of all outstanding senior notes and debentures of Sysco Corporation. Borrowings under the company s revolving credit facility supporting the company s U.S. and Canadian commercial paper programs are also covered under these guarantees. As of   October 1, 2016  , Sysco had a total of   $7.8 billion   in senior notes, debentures and commercial paper outstanding that was covered by these guarantees.   
  All subsidiary guarantors are   100%   owned by the parent company, all guarantees are full and unconditional and all guarantees are joint and several, except that the guarantee of any subsidiary guarantor with respect to a series of senior notes or debentures may be released under certain customary circumstances. If we exercise our defeasance option with respect to the senior notes or debentures of any series, then any subsidiary guarantor effectively will be released with respect to that series.  Further, each subsidiary guarantee will remain in full force and effect until the earliest to occur of the date, if any, on which (1) the applicable subsidiary guarantor shall consolidate with or merge into Sysco Corporation or any successor of Sysco Corporation or (2) Sysco Corporation or any successor of Sysco Corporation consolidates with or merges into the applicable subsidiary guarantor.  
  The following condensed consolidating financial statements present separately the financial position, comprehensive income and cash flows of the parent issuer (Sysco Corporation), the guarantors (the majority of the company s U.S. Broadline subsidiaries), and all other non guarantor subsidiaries of Sysco (Other Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries) on a combined basis with eliminating entries. 

19 

20 

Item 2.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
  This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements as of   July 2, 2016  , and the fiscal year then ended, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, both contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016  , as well as the consolidated financial statements (unaudited) and notes to the consolidated financial statements (unaudited) contained in this report.  
  Sysco s results of operations are impacted by restructuring costs consisting of (1) severance charges, (2) professional fees related to our three-year strategic plan, (3) restructuring expenses within our Brakes Group operations and (4) expenses associated with our revised business technology strategy announced in fiscal 2016, as a result of which we recorded accelerated depreciation on our existing system and incurred costs to convert to legacy systems.  Our results of operations are also impacted by the following acquisition-related items: (1) intangible amortization expense (2) transaction costs and (3) integration costs.  All acquisition-related costs in fiscal 2017 that have been excluded relate to the Brakes Group acquisition (the Acquisition).  Fiscal 2016 acquisition-related costs, however, include (i) termination costs in connection with the merger that had been proposed with US Foods, Inc. (US Foods) and (ii) financing costs related to the senior notes that were issued in fiscal 2015 to fund the proposed US Foods merger. These senior notes were redeemed in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, triggering a redemption loss of $86.5 million, and we incurred interest on these notes through the redemption date.  The Acquisition also resulted in non-recurring tax expense in fiscal 2017, primarily from non-deductible transaction costs.  These fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 items are collectively referred to as "Certain Items." 
  Although Sysco has a history of growth through acquisitions, the Brakes Group is significantly larger than the companies historically acquired by Sysco, with a proportionately greater impact on Sysco s consolidated financial statements.  Accordingly, Sysco is excluding from its non-GAAP financial measures for the relevant period solely those acquisition costs specific to the Acquisition.  We believe this approach significantly enhances the comparability of Sysco s results for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 to the same period in fiscal 2016.  Also, given the significance of the Acquisition, management believes that presenting Sysco s financial measures, excluding the Brakes Group operating results (including for this purpose Brakes financing costs, which  
  
   21 

are not included in the Brakes Group GAAP operating results and are also not Certain Items), enhances comparability of the period over period financial performance of Sysco s legacy business and allows investors to more effectively measure Sysco s progress against the financial goals under Sysco s three year strategic plan.  
  More information on the rationale for the use of these measures and reconciliations to GAAP numbers can be found under  Non-GAAP Reconciliations.   

Overview    
  Sysco distributes food and related products to restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments and other foodservice customers. Our primary operations are located in America and Europe.  The company has aggregated certain of its operating segments into   three   reportable segments as follows: 
             
    U.S. Foodservice Operations - primarily includes U.S. Broadline, custom-cut meat companies, FreshPoint (our specialty produce companies) and European Imports (a specialty import company); 
                
    International Foodservice Operations - includes broadline operations in Canada and Europe, including the Brakes Group, Bahamas, Mexico, Costa Rica and Panama, as well as a company that distributes to international customers; 
                
    SYGMA - our chain restaurant distribution subsidiary; and 
                
    Other - primarily our hotel supply operations and our Sysco Ventures platform, which includes our suite of technology solutions that help support the business needs of our customers. 
     Broadline operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to both traditional and chain restaurant customers, hospitals, schools, hotels, industrial caterers and other venues where foodservice products are served. SYGMA operating companies distribute a full line of food products and a wide variety of non-food products to certain chain restaurant customer locations.  
  Sysco's segments have changed in the   first   quarter of fiscal   2017  , as discussed in   Note 13  ,   "Business Segment Information"  .  Any segment results presented for the   first   quarter of fiscal   2016   have been reclassified to conform to the fiscal   2017   presentation. 
    
  Acquisition of the Brakes Group 
  On July 5, 2016, Sysco consummated its acquisition of Cucina Lux Investments Limited (a private company limited by shares organized under the laws of England and Wales), a holding company of the Brakes Group, pursuant to an agreement for the sale and purchase of securities in the capital of the Brakes Group, dated as of February 19, 2016 (the Purchase Agreement), by and among Sysco, entities affiliated with Bain Capital Investors, LLC, and members of management of the Brakes Group.  Following the closing of the Acquisition, the Brakes Group became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sysco.  
  The Brakes Group is a leading European foodservice business by revenue, supplying fresh, refrigerated and frozen food products, as well as non-food products and supplies, to more than 50,000 foodservice customers. The Brakes Group has leading market positions in the U.K., France, and Sweden, in addition to a presence in Ireland, Belgium, Spain, and Luxembourg. The Acquisition significantly strengthens Sysco's position as the world's leading foodservice distributor and offers attractive opportunities for organic growth and future expansion in European markets. 
    
  Highlights         
  Sysco's results for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   reflect solid execution of our commercial initiatives that drove continued profit growth, despite softening restaurant demand.  Sales increased primarily due to the Acquisition, partially offset by deflation.  While the Brakes Group also contributed favorably to our results, excluding Brakes, we grew our gross profit at a faster rate than operating expenses due to (1) our profitable case growth, (2) our revenue management and category management activities, and (3) our improved expense management resulting from administrative cost reductions and productivity initiatives, and process enhancements, which improved our supply chain performance.  Our net earnings and earnings per share, both including and excluding Certain Items, increased for the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , as compared to the corresponding period in fiscal   2016  , primarily due to these factors. A decrease in outstanding shares resulting from our share repurchases also favorably impacted our per-share amounts. 
  
   22 

Comparisons of results from the first quarter of fiscal   2017   to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  : 
             
    Sales: 
                  
    Operating income: 
                   
    Net earnings: 
                   
    Basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   were: 
                  
    adjusted diluted earnings per share were   $0.63  , a   21.2%   increase from the comparable prior year amount of   $0.52   per share excluding Brakes. 
          
  See  Non-GAAP Reconciliations  for an explanation of these non-GAAP financial measures.  

Trends and Strategy    

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016  , contains a discussion of trends impacting our industry and Sysco and strategy.  Our discussion herein provides updates to that discussion.    
    
  Trends 
    
  The uneven general economic environment is impacting our customers' business.  There are some indications favoring increased long-term consumer demand, such as steadying unemployment levels, modest gross domestic product growth, increased consumer confidence and healthy momentum in the housing market.  However, the restaurant industry, which represents approximately 60% of the foodservice market, is not currently experiencing the same level of growth we have experienced in recent quarters.  Restaurant traffic continues to show year-over-year declines and restaurant spend has decelerated as well.  
    
  Impacting sales and gross profit, we experienced deflation at a rate of   2.2%   for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   primarily in the center of the plate protein and dairy categories.  We expect this deflation trend to continue into calendar   2017  .  Our deflation rate is a year-over-year measurement and, therefore, does not include the impact of Brakes' operations.  In the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we issued our share-based compensation awards, which have historically been granted in the second quarter, which shifted the corresponding expense to the first quarter of fiscal   2017  .  This created a variance of   $13.5 million   as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  We expect this variance will partially reverse in the second quarter of fiscal   2017  .  We benefited from lower fuel costs; however, we expect this cost to become comparable with the prior year during the second quarter of fiscal   2017  .   
    
  Our Brakes Group operations contributed approximately $0.04 per share to our consolidated earnings per share for the first quarter of fiscal   2017  .  The Brakes Group's business experiences some seasonality, with stronger performance in the first half of our fiscal year.  As a result, we do not expect the same accretion each quarter; however, we continue to believe this acquisition will be modestly accretive to earnings per share by low to mid-single digits on a cents per share basis through the end of fiscal 2017 on a GAAP basis and high-single digits excluding Certain Items applicable to the Brakes Group, with acceleration in fiscal 2018 and beyond.  Certain Items primarily include intangible amortization related to the Acquisition.  Based on our preliminary purchase price allocation, this intangible amortization is estimated to be $19.1 million per quarter in fiscal 2017.   

23 

Results     of Operations  
    
  The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated results of operations expressed as a percentage of sales for the periods indicated: 

The following table sets forth the change in the components of our consolidated results of operations expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the comparable period in the prior year: 

(1)    Other expense (income), net was income of $  7.2 million   in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   and income of $  15.2 million   in the first quarter of fiscal   2016  . 

24 

The following represents our results by reportable segments which also demonstrates the impact of Brakes results: 

NM represent that the percentage change is not meaningful. 

In first quarter of fiscal   2017   the U.S. Foodservice Operations and International Foodservice Operations collectively represented approximately 87.4% of Sysco s overall sales and 98.5% of the aggregated operating income of Sysco s segments, which excludes corporate expenses and adjustments.  

Results of U.S. Foodservice Operations 
    
  The following table sets forth a summary of the components of operating income and adjusted operating income expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the comparable period in the prior year: 

25 

Sales 
    
  The following table sets forth the percentage and dollar value increase or decrease in sales over the comparable prior year period in order to demonstrate the cause and magnitude of change. 

(1)    Excludes volume impact from our custom-cut meat companies that do not measure volume in cases.  Any impact in volumes from these operations are included within "Other".  
    
  Sales for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   were   0.8%   higher than the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  The largest driver of the increase was case volume growth from our U.S. Broadline operations, which improved 1.8% in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , and included a 1.9% improvement in locally managed customer case growth. Partially offsetting this growth was the impact of product cost deflation in our U.S. Broadline operations for the first quarter of fiscal   2017  . 
    
  Gross profit dollars increased 4.3% in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , and gross margin, which is gross profit as a percentage of sales, was 20.18% in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , an improvement of 68 basis points from the gross margin of 19.50% in the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  These results reflect the ongoing category management efforts, revenue management, higher sales of Sysco branded products to local customers and effective management of deflation. Our Sysco brand sales to local customers aided gross margin by approximately 38 basis points for the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  The change in product costs, an internal measure of inflation or deflation, for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   for our U.S. Broadline operations was deflation of   1.8%  .  Deflation in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   has occurred primarily in the center of the plate proteins and dairy categories. We believe effective management of this deflationary environment is favorably impacting our gross profit dollar growth. 
    
  Operating expenses for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   increased 1.8%, or $20.2 million, compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  . The increase in operating expenses for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 resulted primarily from expenses attributable to higher case volumes, partially offset by reduced expenses in indirect spend and fuel costs. Indirect spend includes costs such as fleet maintenance and supplies.  
    
  Cost per case is an important metric management uses to measure our expense performance. This metric is calculated by dividing the total operating expense of our U.S. Broadline companies by the number of cases sold. Adjusted cost per case is calculated similarly; however, the operating expense component excludes Certain Items applicable to these companies, prior to dividing by the number of cases sold. Our U.S. Broadline operations represent approximately 90% of the U.S. Foodservice Operations segment's sales and nearly 85% of its operating expenses. We seek to grow our sales and reduce our costs on a per case basis. Our cost per case and adjusted cost per case decreased   $0.04   per case in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  The first quarter decrease included a $0.04 benefit per case specific to lower fuel prices.  Adjustments to operating expenses were not large enough to produce a different result on an adjusted cost per case basis for the first quarter of fiscal   2017  . The decreases reflect progress in productivity improvements and cost reductions in our supply chain including reduced indirect spend, fuel costs and administrative expense.  

26 

Results of International Foodservice Operations 
    
  The following table sets forth a summary of the components of operating income and adjusted operating income expressed as a percentage increase or decrease over the comparable period in the prior year: 

Sales 
    
  The following table sets forth the percentage and dollar value increase or decrease in sales over the comparable prior year period in order to demonstrate the cause and magnitude of change. 

Sales for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   were $1.34 billion higher than the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , primarily due to the Brakes Group, which added $1.28 billion.  Gross profit dollars increased by   $352.9 million   in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , primarily attributable to the Brakes Group, which added $343.1 million.  Operating expenses for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   increased $325.4 million, compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , with $322.8 million added from the Brakes Group.  Certain Items applicable to this segment include acquisition-related costs for the Acquisition and restructuring costs within our Canadian operations and the Brakes Group.  Operating expenses and adjusted operating expenses for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   increased $325.4 million and $302.5 million, respectively, as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  . The Brakes Group's performed reasonably well in the United Kingdom amidst a challenging environment, and performance in France and Sweden was strong.  Operating income increased by $27.5 million, or 53.0%. Excluding the Brakes Group, non-GAAP  operating income increased   14.4%  % primarily from managing costs effectively in Canada within a deflationary and soft market environment.  Our joint ventures in Costa Rica and Mexico also experienced improved operating income performance.   
    
  Results of SYGMA and Other Segment 
    
  For SYGMA, sales were   4.1%   higher in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   than in the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , primarily from case growth.  Case growth was primarily due to increased volume from existing customers, with additional new business also contributing to the growth.  Operating income decreased by $  0.2 million   in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  Operating expenses increased at a greater rate than gross profit in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as  
  
   27 

compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016   due to increased transportation expenses.  SYGMA is making progress against its key business initiatives consistent with the increased sales growth. 
    
  For the operations that are grouped within Other, operating income decreased   25.7%  , or $  2.8 million  . These decreases are largely the result of expenses for businesses in the early stage of operations in this segment, partially offset by higher earnings from our hotel lodging supply operations.   
    
  Corporate Expenses 
    
  Corporate expenses in the first quarter of   2017   increased $9.7 million, or 3.7%, as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .   We shifted the grants of our share-based compensation awards, traditionally issued in the second quarter, to the first quarter, which shifted expense to the first quarter of fiscal   2017  .  This created a variance of   $13.5 million   as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  We expect this variance will partially reverse in the second quarter of fiscal   2017  .  This increase was partially offset by reduced business technology costs and lower management incentive accruals. 
    
  Included in corporate expenses are Certain Items that totaled $35.8 million in the first quarter fiscal 2017, as compared to $10.9 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  Certain Items impacting the first quarter of fiscal 2017 were primarily expenses associated with our revised business technology strategy announced in fiscal 2016, as a result of which we recorded accelerated depreciation on our existing system and incurred costs of $28.2 million to convert to legacy systems.  We incurred $7.6 million related to severance charges, professional fees on 3-year financial objectives, and project costs to convert to legacy systems in conjunction with our revised business technology strategy.  Certain Items for the first quarter of fiscal 2016 primarily related to termination costs in connection with the merger that had been proposed with US Foods. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense decreased   $53.3 million   for the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , due to Certain Item interest costs specific to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , partially offset by higher relative debt levels in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  .  The first quarter of fiscal   2016   included a loss of $86.5 million in connection with the redemption of the notes issued in fiscal 2015 to fund the merger that was proposed with US Foods.  These items, along with interest expense incurred in fiscal 2016 through the date the senior notes were redeemed, are included in our Certain Items. Our interest expense increased   $41.6 million   , excluding Certain Items, for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   from the first quarter of fiscal   2016   due to higher debt balances from senior notes that were issued in fiscal   2016  . 
    
     Net Earnings  
    
  Net earnings increased   32.5%   in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   from the first quarter of the prior year due primarily to the items noted above and a lower effective tax rate. Items impacting our income taxes are discussed in   Note 11  ,   "Income Taxes"  . Adjusted net earnings increased   20.7%   in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   primarily from gross profit growth, strong expense management and the results of the Brakes Group.  
    
  Earnings Per Share  
    
  Basic and diluted earnings per share in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   were both   $0.58  , a   41.5%   increase from the comparable prior period amounts of   $0.41   per share. Adjusted diluted earnings per share in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   were   $0.67  , a   28.8%   increase from the comparable prior period amount of   $0.52   per share. These results were primarily from the factors discussed above related to net earnings and a decrease in outstanding shares that resulted from our share repurchases in fiscal 2016 and in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, which generated an approximate year over year impact of $0.02 per share benefit for the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , net of interest expense associated with the debt issued to repurchase the shares. 

Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
    
  Sysco s results of operations are impacted by restructuring costs consisting of (1) severance charges, (2) professional fees related to our three-year strategic plan, (3) restructuring expenses within our Brakes Group operations and (4) expenses associated with our revised business technology strategy announced in fiscal 2016, as a result of which we recorded accelerated depreciation on our existing system and incurred costs to convert to legacy systems.  Our results of operations are also impacted by the following acquisition-related items: (1) intangible amortization expense (2) transaction costs and (3) integration costs.  All acquisition-related costs in fiscal 2017 that have been excluded relate to the Acquisition.  Fiscal 2016 acquisition-related costs, however, include (i) termination costs in connection with the merger that had been proposed with US Foods, Inc. (US Foods) and (ii) financing costs related to the senior notes that were issued in fiscal 2015 to fund the proposed US Foods merger. These senior  
  
   28 

notes were redeemed in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, triggering a redemption loss of $86.5 million, and we incurred interest on these notes through the redemption date.  The Acquisition also resulted in non-recurring tax expense in fiscal 2017, primarily from non-deductible transaction costs.  These fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 items are collectively referred to as "Certain Items."  
    
  Management believes that adjusting its operating expenses, operating income, operating margin as a percentage of sales, interest expense, net earnings and diluted earnings per share to remove these Certain Items provides an important perspective with respect to our underlying business trends and results and provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors that (1) is indicative of the performance of the company's underlying operations and facilitates comparisons on a year-over-year basis and (2) removes those items that are difficult to predict and are often unanticipated, and which as a result, are difficult to include in analysts' financial models and our investors' expectations with any degree of specificity. 
    
  Although Sysco has a history of growth through acquisitions, the Brakes Group is significantly larger than the companies historically acquired by Sysco, with a proportionately greater impact on Sysco s consolidated financial statements.  Accordingly, Sysco is excluding from its non-GAAP financial measures for the relevant period solely those acquisition costs specific to the Acquisition.  We believe this approach significantly enhances the comparability of Sysco s results for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 to the same period in fiscal 2016.  Also, given the significance of the Acquisition, management believes that presenting Sysco s financial measures, excluding the Brakes Group operating results (including for this purpose Brakes financing costs, which are not included in the Brakes Group GAAP operating results and are also not Certain Items), enhances comparability of the period over period financial performance of Sysco s legacy business and allows investors to more effectively measure Sysco s progress against the financial goals under Sysco s three year strategic plan.  
    
  Set forth below is a reconciliation of sales, operating expenses, operating income, interest expense, net earnings and diluted earnings per share to adjusted results for these measures for the periods presented.  Individual components of diluted earnings per share may not add to the total presented due to rounding.  Adjusted diluted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net earnings divided by diluted shares outstanding.  

29 

(1)    Includes $28 million in accelerated depreciation associated with our revised business technology strategy and $10 million related to severance charges, professional fees on 3-year financial objectives, restructuring expenses within our Brakes Group operations and costs to convert to legacy systems in conjunction with our revised business technology strategy. 
  
   30 

(2)    Fiscal 2017 Includes $19 million related to intangible amortization expense from the Acquisition, which is included in the results of Brakes and $2 million in transaction costs.  Fiscal 2016 includes US Foods merger termination costs. 
    
   (3)    Includes Brakes Acquisition restructuring charges.  
    
   (4)    Includes US Foods financing costs applicable to fiscal 2016. 
    
   (5)    The tax impact of adjustments for Certain Items are calculated by multiplying the pretax impact of each Certain Item by the statutory rates in effect for each jurisdiction where the Certain Item was incurred.  The adjustments also include $7 million in non-deductible transaction costs and $4 million in other one-time costs related to the Acquisition. 
    
   (6)    Sysco Corporation issued debt to fund the Acquisition.  The interest expense arising from the debt issued is attributed to the incremental impact of Brakes operating results, even though it is not a direct obligation of the Brakes Group and is not considered a Certain Item.  
    
   (7)    Individual components of diluted earnings per share may not add to the total presented due to rounding.  Total diluted earnings per share is calculated using adjusted net earnings divided by diluted shares outstanding. 
    
  NM represent that the percentage change is not meaningful. 

31 

Set forth below is a reconciliation by segment of actual operating expenses and operating income to adjusted results for these measures for the periods presented: 

(1)    Fiscal 2017 includes Brakes Acquisition-related restructuring charges and other severance charges.   
    
   (2)    Fiscal 2017 includes $19 million related to intangible amortization expense from the Acquisition, which is included in the results of the Brakes Group.  
  
   32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Highlights  
    
  Comparisons of the cash flows from the first quarter of fiscal   2017   to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  :   
               
    Free cash flow was   $110.7 million   in 2017, compared to a negative free cash flow of   $381.2 million   in 2016, and were negatively impacted by cash payments associated with Certain Items to a greater extent in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 (see "Non-GAAP reconciliation" below under the heading  Free Cash Flow  
          
  Sources and Uses of Cash  
    
  Sysco s strategic objectives include continuous investment in our business; these investments are funded by a combination of cash from operations and access to capital from financial markets.  Our operations historically have produced significant cash flow.  Cash generated from operations is generally allocated to: 
             
    working capital requirements; 
                
    investments in facilities, systems, fleet, other equipment and technology; 
                
    return of capital to shareholders, including cash dividends and share repurchases; 
                
    acquisitions compatible with our overall growth strategy; 
                
    contributions to our various retirement plans; and 
                
    debt repayments. 
       
  Any remaining cash generated from operations may be invested in high-quality, short-term instruments. As a part of our ongoing strategic analysis, we regularly evaluate business opportunities, including potential acquisitions and sales of assets and businesses, and our overall capital structure. Any transactions resulting from these evaluations may materially impact our liquidity, borrowing capacity, leverage ratios and capital availability. 
    
  Our liquidity and capital resources can be influenced by economic trends and conditions that impact our results of operations. We believe our mechanisms to manage working capital, such as credit monitoring, optimizing inventory levels and maximizing payment terms with vendors, and our mechanisms to manage the items impacting our gross profits have been sufficient to limit a significant unfavorable impact on our cash flows from operations. We believe these mechanisms will continue to prevent a significant unfavorable impact on our cash flows from operations. Seasonal trends also impact our cash flows from operations and free cash flow, as we use more cash earlier in the fiscal year and then see larger, sequential quarterly increases throughout the remainder of the year. As of   October 1, 2016  , we had $  759.9 million   in cash and cash equivalents, approximately   71.0%   of which was held by our international subsidiaries generated from our earnings of international operations. If these earnings were transferred among countries or repatriated to the U.S., such amounts may be subject to additional tax obligations; however, we do not currently anticipate the need to repatriate this cash. 
    
  We believe the following sources will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for the next twelve months, while maintaining sufficient liquidity for normal operating purposes: 
  
   33 

our cash flows from operations; 
                
    the availability of additional capital under our existing commercial paper programs, supported by our revolving credit facility and bank line of credit; and 
                
    our ability to access capital from financial markets, including issuances of debt securities, either privately or under our shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
       
  Due to our strong financial position, we believe that we will continue to be able to effectively access the commercial paper market and long-term capital markets, if necessary.   

Cash Flows 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  We generated   $248.7 million   in cash flows from operations in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , compared to cash flow usage of   $261.5 million   in the first quarter of fiscal   2016  . This increase of   $510.2 million   year-over-year was largely attributable to a favorable comparison on accrued expenses and improved working capital management. The cash impact of our Certain Items decreased $  216.5   million year-over-year.  The cash impact of Certain Items will differ from the earnings impact of Certain Items, as the payments for these items may occur in a different period from the period in which the Certain Item charges were recognized in the Statement of Consolidated Results of Operations. 
    
  The positive comparison on accrued expenses was primarily due to   $312.5 million   in US Foods merger termination fees that were paid in the first quarter of fiscal   2016  , partially offset by a   $47.4 million   decrease from incentive payments. Our annual incentive payments from the prior fiscal year are paid in the first quarter of each fiscal year, and our fiscal   2016   performance resulted in higher incentive payments as compared to our fiscal   2015   performance. 
    
  Changes in working capital, specifically accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable, had a positive impact of   $175.4 million   on the period over period comparison of cash flow from operations.  We made seasonal investments in net working capital in both periods; however the amount required in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   was less than in the first quarter of fiscal   2016   partially due to improved working capital management.  Due to normal seasonal patterns, sales to multi-unit customers and school districts represent a larger percentage of our sales at the end of each first quarter as compared to the end of each prior fiscal year, yielding an increase in the receivables outstanding for these customers.  Payment terms for these types of customers are traditionally longer than average. These factors also resulted in an increase in inventories; however, both accounts receivable and inventory increases in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   were smaller than in the comparable period in fiscal   2016   partially due to product cost deflation and improved working capital management.  Also, accounts payable experienced increases in both periods; however, the impact was more pronounced in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  . 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Our capital expenditures in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   primarily consisted of facility replacements and expansions, fleet, technology and warehouse equipment.   Our capital expenditures in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   are higher by   $21.0 million   as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  
    
  During the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , we paid cash of $  2.9 billion   for acquisitions made during fiscal   2017  , net of cash acquired primarily for the Brakes Acquisition. 
    
     Free Cash Flow 
    
  Free cash flow represents net cash provided from operating activities less purchases of plant and equipment plus proceeds from sales of plant and equipment.  Sysco considers free cash flow to be a non-GAAP liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after the purchases and sales of buildings, fleet, equipment and technology, which may potentially be used to pay for, among other things, strategic uses of cash, including dividend payments, share repurchases and acquisitions.  However, free cash flow may not be available for discretionary expenditures, as it may be necessary that we use it to make mandatory debt service or other payments.  Our free cash flow for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   increased by   $491.9 million  , to   $110.7 million  , as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .   Our cash requirements for our Certain Items were   $216.5   million lower in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   than in the first quarter of fiscal   2016   which increased free cash flow as a result.  The Certain Items payments for the first quarter of fiscal 2016 included US Foods merger termination fees discussed above.  The increase was partially offset by increased additions to plant and equipment. 
  
   34 

Free cash flow should not be used as a substitute for the most comparable GAAP measure in assessing the company s liquidity for the periods presented.  An analysis of any non-GAAP financial measure should be used in conjunction with results presented in accordance with GAAP.  In the table that follows, free cash flow for each period presented is reconciled to net cash used in / provided by operating activities. 

Financing Activities 
    
  Equity Transactions 
    
  Proceeds from exercises of share-based compensation awards were $  32.3 million   in the first quarter of fiscal   2017  , as compared to $  54.8 million   in the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  The decrease in proceeds in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   was due to a decrease in the number of options exercised in this period, as compared to the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  The level of option exercises, and thus proceeds, will vary from period to period and is largely dependent on movements in our stock price and the time remaining before option grants expire. 
    
  We routinely engage in share repurchase programs.  In June 2015, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase program to repurchase, from time to time in the open market, through an accelerated share repurchase program or through privately negotiated transactions, shares of the company's common stock in an amount not to exceed   $3.0 billion   during the two-year period ending July 1, 2017, in addition to amounts normally repurchased to offset benefit plan and stock option dilution.  In addition, in August 2015, our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to   20,000,000   shares for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed   $800 million  . The authorization expires on August 21, 2017. 
    
  We purchased   11.1 million   shares during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, resulting in a remaining authorization under both programs of approximately   $1.3 billion  . There were no shares repurchased in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.  We purchased   2.7 million   additional shares under these authorizations through October 21, 2016. The number of shares we repurchase during the remainder of fiscal 2017 will be dependent on many factors, including the level of future stock option exercises, as well as competing uses for available cash. 
    
  Dividends paid in the first quarter of fiscal   2017   were $  173.3 million  , or   $0.31   per share, as compared to $  179.0 million  , or $  0.30   per share, in the first quarter of fiscal   2016  .  In August 2016, we declared our regular quarterly dividend for the first quarter of fiscal   2017   of $  0.31   per share, which was paid in October   2017  . 
    
  Debt Activity and Borrowing Availability 
    
  Our debt activity and borrowing availability is described in   Note 7  ,   "Debt"   Our outstanding borrowings at   October 1, 2016  , and subsequently, are disclosed within those notes.  Updated amounts through October 21, 2016, include: 
             
    $788.5 million   amounts outstanding from our commercial paper program 
                
    No amounts outstanding from the credit facility supporting the company s U.S. and Canadian commercial paper programs. 
       
  During the first quarter of fiscal   2017   and   2016  , our aggregate commercial paper issuances and short-term bank borrowings had weighted average interest rates of   0.62%   and   0.28%  , respectively. 

Contractual Obligations 

35 

Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016  , contains a table that summarizes our obligations and commitments to make specified contractual future cash payments as of   July 2, 2016  . Since   July 2, 2016  , there have been no material changes to our specified contractual obligations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
  Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations. These policies require our most subjective or complex judgments, often employing the use of estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We have reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors the development and selection of the critical accounting policies and estimates and this related disclosure. Sysco s most critical accounting policies and estimates include those that pertain to the company sponsored pension plans, income taxes, goodwill and intangible assets and share-based compensation, which are described in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016  .  

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  Certain statements made herein that look forward in time or express management s expectations or beliefs with respect to the occurrence of future events are forward-looking statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  They include statements about: 

expectations regarding long-term consumer demand; 
                
    expectations regarding the earnings per share impact of the Brakes Acquisition, including estimated intangible amortization expense; 
                
    expectations regarding future fuel costs; 
                
    SYGMA s progress against key business initiatives; 
                
    anticipated fuel needs for the remainder of fiscal 2017; 
                
    the impact of general economic conditions on our business and our industry; 
                
    expectations and goals related to cost per case for our U.S. Broadline companies; 
                
    expectations regarding the allocation of cash generated from operations; 
                
    Sysco s expectations regarding cash held by international subsidiaries; 
                
    the sufficiency of our mechanisms for managing working capital and competitive pressures, and our beliefs regarding the impact of these mechanisms;  
                
    Sysco s ability to meet future cash requirements, including the ability to access debt markets effectively, and maintain sufficient liquidity;  
                
    Sysco s ability to effectively access the commercial paper market and long-term capital markets; 
                
    our expectations regarding the impact of seasonal trends on cash flow from operations and free cash flow; 
                
    our strategy and expectations regarding share repurchases; and 
                
    expectations related to our forward diesel fuel commitments. 
       
  These statements are based on management s current expectations and estimates; actual results may differ materially due in part to the risk factors set forth below and those discussed in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016  :  
             
    periods of significant or prolonged inflation or deflation and their impact on our product costs and profitability; 
                
    risks related to unfavorable conditions in the U.S. economy and local markets and the impact on our results of operations and financial condition; 
                
    the risks related to our efforts to meet our long-term strategic objectives, including the risk that these efforts may not provide the expected benefits in our anticipated time frame, if at all, and may prove costlier than expected; the risk that the actual costs of any initiatives may be greater or less than currently expected; and the risk of adverse  
     
   36 

effects to us if past and future undertakings and the associated changes to our business do not prove to be cost effective or do not result in the level of cost savings and other benefits that we anticipated; 
             
    the impact of unexpected future changes to our business initiatives based on management s subjective evaluation of our overall business needs; 
                
    the risk that competition in our industry may adversely impact our margins and our ability to retain customers and make it difficult for us to maintain our market share, growth rate and profitability; 
                
    the risk that we may not be able to fully compensate for increases in fuel costs, and forward purchase commitments intended to contain fuel costs could result in above market fuel costs; 
                
    the risk of interruption of supplies and increase in product costs as a result of conditions beyond our control; 
                
    the potential impact on our reputation and earnings of adverse publicity or lack of confidence in our products; 
                
    risks related to unfavorable changes to the mix of locally managed customers versus corporate-managed customers; 
                
    the risk that we may not realize anticipated benefits from our operating cost reduction efforts; 
                
    difficulties in successfully expanding into international markets and complimentary lines of business; 
                
    the potential impact of product liability claims; 
                
    the risk that we fail to comply with requirements imposed by applicable law or government regulations; 
                
    risks related to our ability to effectively finance and integrate acquired businesses; 
                
    our access to borrowed funds in order to grow and any default by us under our indebtedness that could have a material adverse impact on cash flow and liquidity; 
                
    our level of indebtedness and the terms of our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and liquidity position; 
                
    the risk that the implementation of various initiatives, the timing and successful completion of acquisitions, construction schedules and the possibility that other cash requirements could result in delays or cancellations of capital spending; 
                
    the risk that the results of the referendum on June 23, 2016 in the United Kingdom to exit the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit, may adversely impact our operations in the United Kingdom, including those of Brakes; 
                
    the risk that factors beyond management s control, including fluctuations in the stock market, as well as management s future subjective evaluation of the company s needs, would impact the timing of share repurchases; 
                
    due to our reliance on technology, any technology disruption or delay in implementing new technology could have a material negative impact on our business; 
                
    the risk that a cybersecurity incident and other technology disruptions could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers; 
                
    the potential requirement to pay material amounts under our multiemployer defined benefit pension plans; 
                
    our funding requirements for our company-sponsored qualified pension plan may increase should financial markets experience future declines; 
                
    labor issues, including the renegotiation of union contracts and shortage of qualified labor; and 
                
    the risk that the anti-takeover benefits provided by our preferred stock may not be viewed as beneficial to stockholders. 
       
  For a more detailed discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements, see the risk factors discussion contained in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016  .  

37 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  Our market risks consist of interest rate risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, fuel price risk and investment risk.  For a discussion on our exposure to market risk, see Part II, Item 7A,  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   July 2, 2016  . There have been no significant changes to our market risks since   July 2, 2016  , except as noted below. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
  At   October 1, 2016  , there were   $442.8 million   commercial paper issuances outstanding. Total debt as of   October 1, 2016   was   $7.8 billion  , of which approximately   65%   was at fixed rates of interest, including the impact of our interest rate swap agreements. 
  Fuel Price Risk 
  Due to the nature of our distribution business, we are exposed to potential volatility in fuel prices. The price and availability of diesel fuel fluctuates due to changes in production, seasonality and other market factors generally outside of our control. During the first quarter of fiscal   2017   and fiscal   2016  , fuel costs related to outbound deliveries represented approximately   0.5%   of sales in both periods. 
  We routinely enter into forward purchase commitments for a portion of our projected monthly diesel fuel requirements. As of   October 1, 2016  , we had forward diesel fuel commitments totaling approximately   $93.7 million   through June 2017. These contracts will lock in the price of approximately   50%   of our fuel purchase needs for the remainder of fiscal   2017  . Our remaining fuel purchase needs will occur at market rates unless contracted for a fixed price at a later date.  
    
  Foreign Currency Risk 
    
  See   Note 6  ,   "Derivative Financial Instruments"  , for a discussion of our foreign currency risk hedging. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures 
    
  Sysco s management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   October 1, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Sysco s disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   October 1, 2016  , our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, Sysco s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  Sysco closed the Acquisition on July 5, 2016, and the Brakes Group's total assets and sales constituted 24.7% and   9.2%  , respectively, of Sysco's consolidated total assets and sales as shown on our consolidated financial statements as of and for the 13-weeks ended October 1, 2016.  As the Acquisition occurred in the first quarter of 2017, the company excluded the Brakes Groups' internal control over financial reporting from the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. This exclusion is in accordance with the general guidance issued by the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that an assessment of a recently-acquired business may be omitted from our scope in the year of acquisition, if specified conditions are satisfied.  
       Except as described above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The Acquisition had a material impact on internal control over financial reporting.  Due to the timing of the Acquisition, we will exclude the internal control over financial reporting of the Brakes Group from our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting of the Company for the year ending July 1, 2017.  This exclusion is in accordance with general guidance issued by the Staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that an assessment of a recent business acquisition may be omitted from management s report on internal control over financial reporting in the first year of consolidating an acquired business, if specified conditions are satisfied. 

38 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings  
    
  None 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors  
    
  The information set forth in this report should be read in conjunction with the risk factors discussed in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   July 2, 2016  . 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of     Proceeds  
    
  We made the following share repurchases during the first quarter of fiscal   2017  : 

(1)    The total number of shares purchased includes   zero  ,   1,765   and   1,244   shares tendered by individuals in connection with stock option exercises in   Month #1  ,   Month #2   and   Month #3  , respectively.    
    
  We routinely engage in share repurchase programs.  In June 2015, our Board of Directors approved a repurchase program to repurchase, from time to time in the open market, through an accelerated share repurchase program or through privately negotiated transactions, shares of the company's common stock in an amount not to exceed   $3.0 billion   during the two-year period ending July 1, 2017, in addition to amounts normally repurchased to offset benefit plan and stock option dilution.  This share repurchase program was approved using a dollar value limit and, therefore, is not included in the table above for "Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs." In addition,, in August 2015, our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to   20,000,000   shares for an aggregate purchase price not to exceed   $800 million  . The authorization expires on August 21, 2017.    
    
  We purchased   11.1 million   shares during the first quarter of fiscal 2017, resulting in a remaining authorization under both programs of approximately  $1.3 billion  . There were no shares repurchased in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. We purchased   2.7 million   additional shares under these authorizations through October 21, 2016. The number of shares we repurchase during the remainder of fiscal 2017 will be dependent on many factors, including the level of future stock option exercises, as well as competing uses for available cash. 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    
  None  

39 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures  
    
  Not applicable  

Item 5.    Other Information  
    
  None  

Item 6.    Exhibits  
    
  The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately preceding such exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference, are filed or furnished as a part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
  
   40 

SIGNATURES    
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Sysco Corporation 
        
    (Registrant) 

By 
    /s/ WILLIAM J. DELANEY 

William J. DeLaney 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By 
    /s/ JOEL T. GRADE 

Joel T. Grade 

Executive Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: November 7, 2016 

41 

EXHIBIT INDEX     

___________  
    Executive Compensation Arrangement pursuant to 601(b)(10)(iii)(A) of Regulation S-K 
  # Filed herewith 
  
   42 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit101-mipbonusplandoc.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

Fiscal 2017 Management Incentive Program (MIP) 
  For Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Positions 
  Adopted August 25, 2016 
    
  This   SYSCO CORPORATION FISCAL 2016 MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE PROGRAM FOR CORPORATE MIP BONUS-ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS   (the    Program   ) was adopted pursuant to the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ) by the  Committee (as defined in the Plan) of Sysco Corporation (the    Company   ) on August 25, 2016, and shall be effective for the Company s fiscal year ending July 1, 2017 (the    Program Year   ).  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. 
    
  1.  Participants  .   For purposes of this Program,    Senior Officer    shall mean the Company s Chief Executive Officer, the Company s Chief Financial Officer or the Company s President of Foodservice Operations.  The Participants in this Program are in groups as follows: 
   (A)      Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Participants  : Those persons who serve in a Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible position and are designated by a Senior Officer as eligible to participate in the Program. 
   (B)      Senior Executive Participants  : Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Participants who are  covered employees  of the Company within the meaning of Code Section 162(m) and Treasury Regulation 1.162-27(c)(2) (or any successor statute, any regulatory section, or any administrative interpretation thereof) for the Program Year.  If it is determined that a Participant is a Senior Executive Participant for the Program Year, such Participant s bonus shall be calculated subject to any and all restrictions applicable to Senior Executive Participants under the Plan and this Program for the Program Year. 
  Once a person is designated as a Participant in this Program, the Committee may remove the Participant as a Participant in this Program with or without cause at any time during the Program Year, and the Participant shall not be entitled to any bonus under this Program for the Program Year regardless of when during the Program Year such Participant is removed. 
  2.      Definitions  . 
  (A)       For calculation of a performance bonus the following metrics are defined as follows  :  
  (i)      Operating Income  : Means the Operating Income expressed as a dollar value, as it may be adjusted pursuant to Section 3(B), for the Program Year. 
  (ii)      Gross Profit Dollars Growth and NABL Total Case Growth  : Means Gross Profit Dollars Growth and North Americal Broadline ( NABL ) Total Case Growth expressed as a percentage and computed by comparing gross profit and NABL total cases, as they may be adjusted pursuant to Section 3(B), for the Program Year to  the gross profit dollars and the NABL total cases for the prior fiscal year, as they may be adjusted pursuant to Section 3(B). 
    
  (iii)      Strategic Bonus Objectives  : Means key goals for the Program Year, as established by the Committee and as set forth in the Participant s performance objectsives. 
  (iv)      Operating Income Bonus Percentage  : Means the percentage determined from   Table A - Operating Income  , which is computed by comparing Operating Income for the Program Year to the Projected Operating Income for the Program Year according to the operational target. 

(v)      Gross Profit Dollar Growth and NABL Total Cases Growth Bonus Percentage  : Means the percentage determined from   Table A  Gross Profit Dollar Growth and NABL Total Cases Growth  , attached hereto, which is computed by comparing the Gross Profit Dollar Growth for the Program Year and the NABL Total Cases Growth for the Program Year to the Projected Gross Profit Dollar Growth for the Program Year and the Projected NABL Total Cases Growth for the Program Year. 
  (vi)      Strategic Bonus Objective Bonus Percentage  : Means the percentage determined from   Table A   Strategic Bonus Objectives  , attached hereto, which coincides with Participant s achievement of Strategic Bonus Objectives for the Program Year. 
  (B)      Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Position  : Means (i) the Senior Officers and (ii) employees that serve in other roles with the Company, as deemed appropriate by the Chief Executive Officer.  
  (C)      Bonus Target Amount  : Means a Participant s Target Bonus Percentage for the Program Year multiplied by the Participant s base salary as of the end of the relevant Program Year. 
  (D)      Bonus for a Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Position  : Means the sum of the Company Performance Bonus for a MIP Bonus-eligible Position and the SBO Performance Bonus for a Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Position. 
  (E)      Performance Bonus for a Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Position  : As defined in Section 3(A)(i) hereof. 
  (G)      GAAP Change Year  : As defined in Section 3(C)(i) hereof. 
  (G)      SBO Performance Bonus for a Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Position:   As defined in Section 3(A)(ii) hereof. 
  (H)      Rate Change Year  : As defined in Section 3(C)(iii) hereof. 
  (I)      Target Bonus Percentage  :  The percentage set forth in the Participant s bonus letter for the Program Year. 
  3.  Calculation of Bonus  .     
    
  (A)           Bonus Formula  . The Bonus for a Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Position for the Program Year shall be based 75% on financial performance of the Company and 25% on an individual Participant s performance with respect to Strategic Bonus Objectives, and shall be equal to the sum of the (i) and (ii), calculated as follows:  
  (i)  Performance Bonus for a Corporate MIP Bonus-eligible Position  .  The Company Performance Bonus for a MIP Bonus-eligible Position shall be equal to the sum of the following: 
    
  (AA)      Operating Income Bonus      
                           Participant s Bonus Target Amount 
    X 
    Operating Income Bonus Percentage 
    X 
    50% 

= 
    Operating Income Bonus 

(BB)  
    Gross Profit Dollars Growth and NABL Total Cases Growth Bonus     
                              Participant s Bonus Target Amount 
    X 
    Gross Profit Dollars Growth and NABL Total Cases Growth Bonus Percentage 
    X 
    25% 
    = 
    Gross Profit Dollars Growth and NABL Total Cases Growth Bonus 

(ii)  SBO Performance Bonus for a MIP Bonus-eligible Position  .  The SBO Performance Bonus for a MIP Bonus-eligible Position shall be determined based on the Participant s achievement of the specified SBOs, and shall be equal to the sum of the following: 
  (CC)       Strategic Bonus Objective Bonus      
                           Participant s Bonus Target Amount 
    X 
    SBO Bonus Percentage 
    X 
    25% 
    = 
    SBO Bonus 

Each of the above components of the Bonus for a MIP Bonus-eligible Position shall be calculated and awarded independently.  Each metric based on financial performance has a possible payout between 0% and 200%, depending on actual performance relative to established targets.  SBO Performance Bonus has a possible payout of between 0% and 150%, depending on actual performance relative to established targets.  If performance for the Program Year with respect to a component does not meet Threshold, a Participant will not receive any bonus with respect to that component.  If performance for the Program Year is between Threshold and Maximum, the amount of bonus earned with respect to that component will be determined as set forth on the applicable   Table A   attached to this Program.  Prior to the date that is ninety (90) days after the beginning of the Program Year, the Committee shall determine the Threshold, Target and Maximum performance metrics and the respective payout percentages to be set forth on   Table A   for the Company. 
    
  (B)      Performance Metric Adjustments  .  Certain items of revenue, expense, gain, losses or other adjustments resulting from extraordinary or non-recurring items, will be taken into account in the application of the relevant performance metrics used to determine the Participants  bonuses under this Program in accordance with the following: 
  (i)      Multi-Employer Pension Adjustments  .  Adjustments resulting from the Company s or an Operating Company s complete or partial withdrawal from a multi-employer pension plan sponsored by a third party in which the Company or an Operating Company participates (   Pension Adjustments   ). The amount of any such adjustment shall be determined in accordance with GAAP.  Pension Adjustments shall initially be excluded from the calculation of the performance metrics used to determine Participants  bonuses under this Program;   provided however  , the Committee may include all or any portion of such Pension Adjustments in the determination of a Participant s bonus hereunder in its discretion, provided such inclusion shall not apply to a Senior Executive Participant unless the Committee determines that the inclusion of all or any portion of such Pension Adjustments will not impact the Company s ability to deduct the bonus payable to a Senior Executive Participant under this Program under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
  (ii)      Restructuring Charges Adjustment  .  Adjustments resulting from the Company s or an Operating Company s costs including, but not limited to, severance, facility closures and consolidations and asset write downs.  The foregoing notwithstanding, the following items will not be eligible for adjustment under this provision: ERB, COLI, Fuel and Tax.  
  (iii)       Acquisitions and Divestitures  .  All or any portion of operating results, acquisition and divestiture expenses (including any applicable break up fees), acquisition debt, if any, and any gains or losses relating to or resulting from (AA) an acquisition by the Company of stock (or other equity interest) or substantially all of the assets of a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity for a purchase price in excess of $100 million;  and  (BB) a divestiture of an Operating Company or operating division of the Company (or substantially all of the assets thereof) for a sale price in excess of $100 million may be excluded from the determination of the Company Performance Bonus under this Program; provided however, such exclusion shall not apply to a Senior Executive Participant unless the Committee determines that the exclusion of all or any portion of such adjustments will not impact the Company s ability to deduct the bonus payable to a Senior Executive Participant under this Program under Section 162(m) of the Code.  
  (iii)      Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuations  .  Variance of actual foreign exchange rates during the Program Year versus projected foreign exchange rate assumptions used in the development of operational targets in the performance plans. 

(iv)      Certain Other Events  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the  Committee may include or exclude from the determination of a Participant s bonus hereunder the results of certain other extraordinary or non-recurring items not otherwise contemplated by this Section (B), and expenses related to acquisitions by, or restructuring of, the Company and its subsidiaries (whether or not such expenses are extraordinary or non-recurring);    provided however  , such inclusion or exclusion of results shall not apply to a Senior Executive Participant unless the Committee determines that the inclusion or exclusion of such extraordinary items will not impact the Company s ability to deduct the bonus payable to a Senior Executive Participant under this Program under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
  (C)      General Rules Regarding Bonus Calculation  . 
  (i)      Consistent Accounting  . In determining whether or not the results of operations for a given fiscal year result in a bonus, Company accounting practices and, except as otherwise modified in this Program, GAAP shall be applied on a basis consistent with prior periods, and such determination shall be based on the calculations made by the Company, approved (in the case of Senior Executive Participants) by the Committee and binding on each Participant.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is any material change in GAAP during a Program Year that results in a material change in accounting for the revenues or expenses of the Company, the calculations of the MIP bonus for such Program Year (the    GAAP Change Year   ) shall be made as if such change in GAAP had not occurred during the GAAP Change Year.  In determining the MIP bonus for the year following a GAAP Change Year, the calculation shall be made after taking into account such change in GAAP.  
  (ii)      Maximum Bonus  . Subject to Section 6 as to Senior Executive Participants, and notwithstanding any other provision in this Program to the contrary, in no event shall any Participant be entitled to a bonus under this Program in excess of 281.25% of such Participant s base salary in effect as of the end of the Program Year.  
  (iii)      Tax Law Changes  .  If the Internal Revenue Code is amended during the Program Year and, as a result of such amendment(s), the effective tax rate applicable to the earnings of the Company (as described in the    Summary of Accounting Policies    section of the Company s annual report to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K) changes during the Program Year, the determination of the Participant s Company Performance Bonus for the Program Year (the    Rate Change Year   ) shall be made as if such rate change had not occurred during the Rate Change Year.  In determining the Company Performance Bonus in the year following the Rate Change Year, the calculation shall be made after taking into account such rate change.  
  4.      Payment  .    Within ninety (90) days following the end of the Program Year, the Company shall determine, and, in the case of Senior Executive Participants, the Committee shall approve, the amount of any bonus earned by each Participant under this Program.  Such bonus shall be payable in the manner, at the times and in the amounts provided in the Plan. 
  5.      Clawback of Bonus  .    In accordance with the Company s incentive payment clawback policy, in the event of a restatement of financial results (other than a restatement due to a change in accounting policy) within thirty-six (36) months of the payment of a bonus under this Program, if the Committee or the Company determines in its sole and absolute discretion, that the bonus paid to a Participant under the Program for the Program Year would have been lower had it been calculated based on such restated results (the    Adjusted MIP Bonus   ), then the Committee or the Company shall, subject to applicable governing law, recoup from such Participant, in such form and at such time as the Committee or the Company determines in its sole and absolute discretion, the difference between the amount previously paid to such Participant pursuant to this Program (without regard to amounts deferred by such Participant under the Company s executive benefit plans) and the Adjusted MIP Bonus. 
  6.      Provisions Applicable to Senior Executive Participants. 
    (A)      Overall Limitation upon Payments under the Plan to Senior Executive Participants  .  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Program to the contrary, in no event shall any Senior Executive Participant be granted a Cash-Based Award (including both the Bonus amount for the Program Year and Cash Performance Unit payments) in excess of one percent (1%) of the Company s earnings before income taxes as publicly disclosed in the  Consolidated Results of Operations  section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-k filed with the Securities  

and Exchange Commission for the fiscal year ended immediately before the date the applicable Cash-Based Awards are paid.  
  (B)      Limitation on Amendments  . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any amendments made to this Program after the date that is ninety (90) days after the beginning of the Program Year shall not apply to the Senior Executive Participants unless the Committee determines that such amendment will not impact the Company s ability to deduct the bonus payable to a Senior Executive Participant under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
  7.      Confidentiality  .   The target performance levels and other information set forth on   Table A   constitute confidential information of the Company, subject to the prohibition on disclosure of confidential information under Sysco s Code of Conduct. Any disclosure of the target performance levels by a Participant prior to the time such target performance levels are disclosed to the public, as determined by the Committee, will result in a forfeiture (which may include a clawback) of such Participant s Bonus for the Program Year. 
  8.      Treatment Upon Change in Control  .   
  (A)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and in lieu of any other payments due hereunder other than pursuant to this Section 8, within ninety (90) days following the date on which a Change in Control (as defined in Section 1.2(f) of the Plan) has occurred, each person who was a Participant at the time of the Change in Control shall be paid a cash bonus hereunder, equal to the following (subject to reduction in the case of certain severance payments, as set forth below): the product of (i) a fraction equal to the number of days in the Performance Period in which the Change in Control occurs up to and including the date of the Change in Control divided by 365, and (ii) the bonus that would have been paid under this Plan, calculated using a Performance Goal equal to the product of (i) performance through and including the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter occurring prior to and in the same Performance Period as the Change in Control (the  Measurement Date ), calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, if applicable, and (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is 365 and the denominator of which is the number of days in such Performance Period up to and including the Measurement Date.  
  (B)    In addition to any bonus paid or payable pursuant to Section 8(A), any Participant who remains in the employ of the Company or any Affiliated Company on the last day of the Performance Period in which a Change in Control occurs shall be entitled to receive, in cash, within ninety (90) days after the end of the Performance Period, an amount equal to the positive difference, if any, between (a) the bonus that would have been paid to the Participant for such Performance Period under the Plan as in effect on the date of the Change in Control, using the actual performance for the entire Performance Period, and (b) the amount paid pursuant to Section 8(A). 
  (C)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Participant who is a party to the Company s a severance agreement with the Company or an Affliated Company, the bonus paid pursuant to this Section 8 shall be reduced, but to not less than zero, by the amount of any payment pursuant to such Participant s severance agreement that is determined or calculated with respect to payments received or to be received under this Plan or any predecessor or successor thereof. 
  9.      Delegation of Authority  .    Pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Plan, the Committee hereby delegates discretionary authority granted to the Committee under this Program as well as under the Plan, including but not limited to the authority to determine the target, minimum and maximum performance levels applicable to Participants and the Company and the related payout percentages subject to the maximum bonus levels set forth in Section I(ii) of this Program, to the Senior Officers and each of them individually, except as to Senior Executive Participants. 

CONFIDENTIAL 
  TABLE A 

THE PERFORMANCE TARGETS SET FORTH ON THIS TABLE     CONSTITUTE  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  AND ANY DISCLOSURE OF SUCH PERFORMANCE TARGETS BY A PARTICIPANT PRIOR TO THE TIME SUCH PERFORMANCE TARGETS BECOME PUBLIC INFORMATION WILL RESULT IN SUCH PARTICIPANT FORFEITING HIS OR HER RIGHTS TO A BONUS UNDER THIS PROGRAM  . 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exhibit102-syscoperformanc.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT 
  Pursuant to the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
  For Performance Period FY2017 - FY2019 
    
  Sysco Corporation (the  Company ) hereby agrees to award to you (the  Grantee ) performance-based Restricted Stock Units ( PSUs ) in accordance with and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions of this Performance Share Unit Agreement, including any country-specific provisions for the Grantee s country in Appendix A attached hereto ( Appendix A , together with Appendix B and the Performance Share Unit Agreement, the  Agreement ).  Except as otherwise provided in Section 3 below in the event of the Grantee s death, the PSUs hereby awarded (the  Award ) shall be settled in the form of shares of Stock with each PSU earned being settled for one share of Stock, but until such settlement, the Award will be denominated in PSUs.  Any PSUs earned will be settled, and the corresponding shares of Stock will be issued to the Grantee, on the date set forth below ( Payment Date ) if the conditions described in this Agreement are satisfied.  The number of PSUs subject to this Agreement is expressed as a Target Award, subject to modification based on actual performance.  The number of PSUs subject to the Target Award is set forth in the records of the Company and has been communicated to the Grantee either (1) directly to the Grantee by the Company, or (2) electronically by the Company to the Grantee through the website of a third party administrator engaged by the Company.  This Award is made under the terms of the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), the terms of which are incorporated into this Agreement.  
    
  By accepting this Award, the Grantee confirms consent to the terms of the post-employment covenants communicated to the Grantee as a condition precedent to this Award, including the associated limitations on the Grantee s behavior following termination of employment.  The Grantee further acknowledges receipt of the Plan and the Plan Prospectus.  
    
  The following dates and defined terms are applicable for this Award: 
                 Performance Period 
    July 3, 2016 to June 29, 2019 
      Performance Certification Date 
    
    The date of the first regularly scheduled Compensation Committee meeting following the completion of final financial statements for the Performance Period 
      Payment Date 
    The first day of the month following the Performance Certification Date, currently anticipated to be September 1, 2019, or as soon as administratively possible thereafter, but no later than September 30, 2019. 

Performance Criteria  : The performance criteria shown in Appendix B ( Performance Criteria ) must be met for any Stock to be issued pursuant to an Award under this Agreement. Subject to compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, if applicable, there may be different performance criteria for different business, geographic or other organizational units that is not shown on Appendix B. The performance criteria that apply originally shall be based on the business, geographic or other organizational unit in which a Grantee is employed on the date the Award is granted.  Subject to compliance with Section 162(m), if applicable, should the Grantee move to a different business, geographic or organizational unit, or to an Affiliated Company, during the Performance Period, proration or adjustments shall be made pursuant to guidelines established by the Company from time to time. The number of shares of Stock that may be issued on the Payment Date shall be determined based upon the Target Award and the schedule shown in Appendix B, subject to Sections 1 and 3, and in the case of transfer, to the above-mentioned guidelines.  
    
  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT 
           (1) 
    General Conditions  .  This Award is in the form of PSUs that settle in Stock on the Payment Date, except as otherwise provided in Section 3 below in the event of the Grantee s death. If the conditions set forth in this Agreement are satisfied, the number of shares of Stock earned based on actual performance achieved will be calculated as of the Certification Date and issued to the Grantee on the Payment Date.  If these conditions are  

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  1 

    Exhibit 10.2 

not satisfied, the Award shall be forfeited.  Capitalized terms in this Agreement refer to defined terms in the Plan, except as otherwise defined herein. 
  (a)      Continuous Employment  .  Except as provided in Section 3 or in Appendix A, the Stock shall be issued on the Payment Date only if the Grantee is continuously employed by the Company, or if different, the Grantee s employer (the  Employer ), or an Affiliated Company from the award date until the end of the Performance Period. 
    
  (b)      Performance Conditions  . The Stock shall be issuable only if (and to the extent) that the Performance Criteria, set forth herein, are satisfied during the Performance Period. The Compensation Committee of the Board shall certify whether, and to what extent, the Performance Criteria have been achieved with respect to the Performance Period.  If actual performance does not meet the levels associated with the minimum performance necessary for any PSUs to be earned ( Threshold , as set forth in Appendix B), no Stock shall be issued and the Award shall be forfeited.  If actual performance achieved exceeds the levels associated with maximum performance target(s) ( Maximum  as set forth in Appendix B), no additional PSUs may be earned over the Maximum.  Straight-line interpolation will be applied to determine the resulting amount of PSUs earned if actual performance falls between multiple payment amounts corresponding to alternative performance levels specified in Appendix B.  
    
   (2)      Stock, Dividends and Voting Rights  .  
  (a)    Issuance of Stock and Voting Rights.  On the Payment Date, or as otherwise provided in Section 3 below in the event of the Grantee s death, the number of shares of Stock equal to the number of PSUs earned based on the Performance Criteria shall be issued to the Grantee, provided all conditions set forth in Section 1 above are satisfied. Except as provided in Section 3 below in the event of the Grantee s death, the Award shall be settled in Stock. Prior to the Payment Date, the Grantee shall have no rights with respect to the Stock, including but not limited to rights to sell, vote, exchange, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Stock. In addition, prior to the Payment Date, the Grantee shall not be entitled to receive dividends and shall not have any other rights with respect to the Stock. 
    
  (b)    Dividend Equivalents.  Subject to Appendix A, to the extent the Grantee holds PSUs under this Award the Grantee will be credited with a dividend equivalent payment on each PSU upon the payment by the Company of any cash dividend on a share of Stock equal to the amount of such dividend per share of Stock, which dividend equivalent payment shall be payable in cash (or if elected by the    Committee    in its sole discretion, in Shares having a Fair Market Value as of the Certification Date equal to the amount of such dividends) on the Payment Date to the extent the underlying PSUs are earned.  If and to the extent any PSUs subject to this Award are forfeited, any related dividend equivalent payment shall also be forfeited and no dividend equivalent payment shall be paid in respect of that portion of the Award which is forfeited and is not earned based on the achievement of the Performance Criteria applicable to the Award or the failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 1 above.   
    
  (3)      Employment Events.    
  (a)      Subject to the attached Appendix A, if any of the employment events listed below occur prior to the Payment Date, the terms of this subparagraph shall apply. The following table describes the result depending on the nature of the Grantee s termination of employment, or other employment event, and the timing of the same. In the event of the Grantee s termination of employment prior to the Payment Date for reasons other than those set forth below, the Award shall be forfeited. 

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  2 

    Exhibit 10.2 

Event 
    Following commencement of Performance Period and prior to Payment Date 
      Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates because of Disability (as defined in Section 15, below). 
         The Grantee shall be entitled to earn a number of PSUs subject to the Award as if active employment continued for the entire Performance Period, taking into account the actual performance of the Company for the Performance Period.   
       After the Performance Criteria are certified, shares of Stock equal to the number of PSUs earned will be issued on the Payment Date. 
      Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a Retirement in Good Standing (as defined in Section 15, below). 
         If less than a complete fiscal year of the Company has passed since the start of the Performance Period, the Award is forfeited. 
       If the Grantee incurs a Retirement in Good Standing on or after a complete fiscal year of the Company from start of the Performance Period, such recipient shall be entitled to retain a prorated number of PSUs subject to the Award if such PSUs have been earned. The PSUs will be prorated based on the number of whole fiscal months of employment during the Performance Period through the date of termination of employment. 
       After the Performance Criteria are certified, shares of Stock equal to the number of PSUs earned will be issued on the Payment Date.   
      Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates because of death. 
         The Grantee s estate shall be paid a cash amount equal to the value of the Target Award.  The value shall be determined based on the closing price of the Stock on the date of the Grantee s death and shall be paid within 75 days after the Grantee s death. 
      Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company involuntarily terminates, for reasons other than for Cause and meets the requirements of a Change in Control Termination (as defined in Section 15, below). 
         Award shall be treated as described in Section 4.2(h)(ii) of the Plan, with immediate vesting and performance-criteria deemed to have been met at Target performance levels. 
      US military leave or other leave to the extent required by applicable law 
         For this purpose, employment is deemed to continue during the Performance Period. 
       After the Performance Criteria are certified, shares of Stock equal to the number of PSUs earned will be issued on the Payment Date. 
      Unpaid leave of absence pursuant to published Company policy of 12 months or less (other than leaves described above)    1  
         If less than a complete fiscal year of the Company has passed since the start of the Performance Period before the leave commences, the Grantee shall be entitled to retain a prorated number of PSUs subject to the Award.  The PSUs earned with respect to the Award will be prorated based on the number of whole fiscal months of active employment during the Performance Period, divided by 36 fiscal months. 
       After the Performance Criteria are certified, the shares of Stock equal to the number of PSUs earned will be issued on the Payment Date. 

1    In the case of other leaves of absence not specified above, including any leaves that extend beyond 12 months, the Grantee will be deemed to have terminated employment on the date that the leave commences (so that the Award will be forfeited as of such date), unless the Committee identifies a valid business interest in doing otherwise, in which case it may specify what provisions it deems appropriate at its sole discretion; provided that the Committee shall have no obligation to consider any such matters. 
           (4) 
    Acceptance of Agreement.     The Grantee shall indicate his or her acceptance of this Agreement, in the method directed by the Company. 

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  3 

    Exhibit 10.2 

(5) 
    Notices.   Each notice relating to this Award shall be in writing. All notices to the Company shall be addressed to the Corporate Secretary, Sysco Corporation, 1390 Enclave Parkway, Houston, Texas 77077.  All notices to the Grantee shall be addressed to the address of the Grantee on file with the Company or the Employer. Either the Company or the Grantee may designate a different address by written notice to the other. Written notice to said addresses shall be effective to bind the Company, the Grantee and the Grantee s representatives and beneficiaries. 
      (6)      Responsibility for Taxes.    
  (a)      Irrespective of any action taken by the Company or the Employer, the Grantee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, social security, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Grantee s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Grantee ( Tax-Related Items ), is and remains the responsibility of the Grantee or the Grantee s estate (as applicable) and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Grantee acknowledges and understands that the requirements with respect to the Tax-Related Items may change from time to time as applicable laws or interpretations change. 
    
  (b)      Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Grantee agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Grantee authorizes the Company, the Employer, and their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items withholding obligations by one or a combination of the following: 
    
           (1) 
    withholding from the Grantees  wages or other cash compensation paid to the Grantee by the Company and/or the Employer, or any other payment of any kind otherwise due to the Grantee by the Company and/or the Employer; or 
              (2) 
    withholding from proceeds of the sale of Stock acquired upon settlement of the Award, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Grantee s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent); or 
              (3)    retention of or withholding in Stock to be issued upon settlement of the Award having a                 Fair Market Value not in excess of the minimum withholding amount.  
  (c)      Notwithstanding the foregoing in subsection (b), the Company, the Employer or their respective agents, as applicable, intend to withhold shares of Stock to be issued upon settlement of the Award having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the minimum withholding amount, unless the Grantee pays the applicable withholding amount in cash prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, in accordance with procedures established by the Company, the Employer or their respective agents, as applicable.  
    
  (d)    If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Stock, for tax purposes, the Grantee is deemed to have been issued the full amount of Stock subject to the Award, notwithstanding that an amount of Stock are retained solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
    
  (e)      In addition, the Grantee shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Grantee s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Stock or the proceeds of the sale of Stock, if the Grantee fails to comply with the Grantee s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
    
  (f)    The Grantee further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Award, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Award, the issuance of Stock upon settlement of the Award, the subsequent sale of Stock acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends  

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  4 

    Exhibit 10.2 

and/or dividend equivalents; and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Grantee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Grantee is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Grantee acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
    
           (7) 
    Compensation Committee  . The Grantee hereby agrees that (a) any change, interpretation, determination or modification of this Agreement by the Committee shall be final and conclusive for all purposes and on all persons including the Company and the Grantee; provided, however, that with respect to any amendment or modification of the Plan which affects the Award made hereby, the Committee shall have determined that such amendment or modification is in the best interests of the Grantee of such Award; and (b) this Agreement and the Award shall not affect in any way the right of the Company or the Employer to terminate or change the employment of the Grantee. The right of the Company or Employer to terminate at will the Grantee s employment at any time for any reason is specifically reserved.  
              (8) 
    Prohibited Activities; Post-Employment Covenants; Additional Remedies of Clawback and Recoupment. 
     (a)     Notwithstanding any other term of the Agreement or any prior agreement to the contrary, in order to be eligible to earn any portion of the Award, the Grantee must have entered into an agreement containing restrictive covenants concerning limitations of the Grantee s behavior both during employment and following termination of employment that is satisfactory to the Company or one of its Affiliated Companies.  In the event the Grantee engages in any action that violates any such restrictive covenants at any time during the term of the Agreement, the Award shall be forfeited.  The Grantee further agrees that to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon demand by the Company or one of its Affiliated Companies, Grantee will forfeit, return or repay the  Benefits and Proceeds  (as defined below) in the event the Grantee breaches any post-employment covenant with the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries. 
    
  (b)    For purposes of this Agreement,  Benefits and Proceeds  means: 
    
           (i) 
    to the extent the Grantee has received any Stock in satisfaction of this Award and the Grantee continues to hold those shares of Stock, the shares of Stock so acquired; 
       
           (ii) 
    to the extent the Grantee has received any Stock in satisfaction of this Award and no longer owns the shares of Stock so acquired, cash in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such shares of Stock on the date such payment is demanded by the Company (which, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, shall be equal to the closing sale price during regular trading hours of the shares of Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date); and 
       
           (iii) 
    to the extent the Grantee has not received any Stock in satisfaction of this Award, all of the Grantee s remaining rights, title or interest in the Award.  
       
           (9) 
    Modification of Agreement.   If any of the terms of this Agreement may, in the opinion of the Company, conflict or be inconsistent with any applicable law or regulation of any governmental agency having jurisdiction, the Company reserves the right to modify this Agreement to be consistent with applicable laws or regulations.  No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by the party against which enforcement is sought, except where specifically provided to the contrary herein. 
              (10) 
    Data Privacy.   To the extent that consent is required, the Grantee hereby consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Grantee s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Award materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its  

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  5 

    Exhibit 10.2 

Affiliated Companies for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Grantee s participation in the Plan. 
  The Grantee understands that the Employer, the Company and any Affiliated Companies may hold certain personal information about the Grantee, including but not limited to his or her name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company and details of all Awards or any other entitlements to shares of stock awarded, cancelled, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Grantee s favor ( Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering or managing the Plan. Certain Data may also constitute  sensitive personal data  within the meaning of applicable local law. Such Data includes, but is not limited to, the information provided above and any changes thereto and other appropriate personal and financial data about the Grantee. The Grantee hereby provides explicit consent to the Company, the Employer and any Affiliated Companies to process any such Data to the extent it is necessary for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Grantee s participation in the Plan. 
  The Grantee understands that Data will be transferred, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Grantee s participation in the Plan, to such equity plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Grantee understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have data privacy laws and protections which provide standards of protection that are different to, or lower than, the standards provided by the data privacy laws in the Grantee s country. The Grantee understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. The Grantee authorizes the Company, the Company s equity service plan provider and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. The Grantee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Grantee s participation in the Plan. The Grantee understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, the Grantee understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Grantee does not consent, or if the Grantee later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Grantee s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Grantee Awards or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Grantee understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect the Grantee s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Grantee s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Grantee understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
   (11)      Nature of Award.   In accepting the Award, the Grantee acknowledges, understands and agrees that to the maximum extent permitted by law: 
  (a)    the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and the Company can amend, modify, suspend, cancel or terminate it at any time, to the extent permitted under the Plan; 

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  6 

    Exhibit 10.2 

(b)    this Award and any other awards under the Plan are voluntary and occasional and do not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards or benefits in lieu of any awards, even if similar awards have been granted repeatedly in the past; 
    
  (c)    all determinations with respect to any future awards, including, but not limited to, the times when awards are made, the amount of Stock, and the performance and other conditions attached to the awards, will be at the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Committee; 
    
  (d)    participation in this Plan or program is voluntary; 
    
  (e)    this Award and the underlying Stock, and any income derived therefrom, are not paid in lieu of, and are not intended to replace, any pension rights or compensation and are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any termination, severance, resignation, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, life or accident insurance benefits, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; 
    
  (f)    the Award and any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan are extraordinary, discretionary items that do not constitute compensation of any kind (and do not give a right of claim of any kind) for services of any kind rendered to the Company or its Affiliated Companies (including, as applicable, the Grantee s Employer) and which are outside the scope of Grantee s employment contract, if any;  
    
  (g)    for the purposes of the Award, the Grantee s employment will be considered terminated as of the date the Grantee is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Affiliated Companies (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Grantee is employed or the terms of the Grantee s employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, the Grantee s right to earn any portion of the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., the Grantee s period of service would not include any contractual, statutory or common law notice period or period during with the Grantee is in receipt of pay in lieu of such notice or severance pay, or any period of   garden leave , or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Grantee is employed or the terms of the Grantee s employment agreement, if any); the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Grantee is no longer actively employed for purposes of the Award (including whether the Grantee may still be considered to be employed while on a leave of absence); 
    
  (h)      the future value of the underlying Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; 
    
  (i)    no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting from the termination of the Grantee s employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Grantee is employed or the terms of the Grantee s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Award to which the Grantee is otherwise not entitled, the Grantee irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company, the Employer or any Affiliated Company; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, the Grantee shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim; and 
    
  (j)    if the Grantee is providing services outside the United States, the Grantee acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Affiliated Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Grantee s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Award or of any amounts due to the Grantee pursuant to the settlement of the Award or the subsequent sale of any Stock acquired upon settlement; and 

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  7 

    Exhibit 10.2 

(k)    in the event of any conflict between communications to Grantee by the Company of the terms of this Agreement or the records of any third party administrator and the Plan, the Plan will control. 
    
           (12) 
    No Advice Regarding Grant.   Neither the Company nor any Affiliated Company is providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Grantee s participation in the Plan, or the Grantee s acquisition or sale of the underlying Stock. The Grantee is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
              (13) 
    Entire Agreement; Severability  . The Plan and this Agreement set forth the entire understanding between the Grantee, the Employer, the Company, and any Affiliated Company regarding the acquisition of the Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements pertaining to this Award. If all or any part or application of the provisions of this Agreement are held or determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever by a court of competent jurisdiction in an action between Grantee and the Company, each and all of the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
     (14)      Definitions.    For purposes of this Agreement: 
  (a)     Retirement in Good Standing  means termination of employment after the date Grantee (i) reaches age 55 and Grantee has 10 or more years of service with the Company and its Affiliated Companies, as determined by the Committee, or (ii) age 65, regardless of years of service. 
    
  (b)     Disability  means: 
    
           i. 
    in the United States, that Optionee has been determined by the Social Security Administration to be totally disabled; and 
       
           ii. 
    in all other jurisdictions, as set forth in the applicable section of Appendix A. 
       
  (c)     Change in Control Termination  means the occurrence of both: (A) a Change in Control and (B) during the period commencing 12 months prior to the first occurrence of the Change in Control and ending 24 months after such Change in Control, the Company or one of its Subsidiaries involuntarily terminates Grantee s employment without Cause or Grantee terminates employment for Good Reason. 
    
           (15) 
    Compliance with Law  . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Stock, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Stock issuable upon settlement of the Award prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Stock under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. The Grantee understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Stock with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Stock. Further, the Grantee agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and the Agreement without the Grantee s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Stock.   
              (16) 
    Language.   If the Grantee has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.  

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  8 

    Exhibit 10.2 

(17) 
    Electronic Delivery and Acceptance  . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.  
              (18) 
    Appendix A  . The Award shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Grantee s country set forth in Appendix A. Moreover, if the Grantee relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix A, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Grantee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix A constitutes part of this Agreement.  
              (19) 
    Imposition of Other Requirements.   The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Grantee s participation in the Plan, on the Award and on any Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Grantee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
     (20)      Waiver.   The Grantee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this     Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any     subsequent breach by the Grantee or any other Grantee.  
           (21) 
    Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws.   The Grantee acknowledges that, depending on the Grantee s country of residence, the Grantee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect the Grantee s ability to acquire or sell shares of Stock or rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Awards) under the Plan during such times as the Grantee is considered to have  inside information  regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the Grantee s country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy. The Grantee acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Grantee is advised to speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.     
              (22) 
    Mobility  .  If during the course of Grantee s employment with the Company or any Affiliated Companies or during the provision of services to the Company or any of its Affiliated Companies, Grantee becomes a tax resident in a jurisdiction other than his or her home country at the award date, the Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this agreement to comply with local laws in another jurisdiction.  
              (23)  
    Governing Law and Venue  . This Award and this Agreement has been made in and shall be governed by, construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. Any and all disputes relating to, concerning or arising from this Agreement, or relating to, concerning or arising from the relationship between the parties evidenced by the Award or this Agreement, shall be brought and heard exclusively in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas or Harris County, Texas.  Each of the parties hereby represents and agrees that such party is subject to the personal jurisdiction of said courts; hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts in any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute, and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which such party may now or hereafter have that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute which is brought in such courts is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
                                      Sysco Corporation 
    
  Using the electronic acceptance tool, the Grantee must accept the above Award in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, acknowledge that he or she has read this Agreement and the Plan,  

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  9 

    Exhibit 10.2 

and agrees to be bound by this Agreement, the Plan and the actions of the Committee. If he or she does not do so prior to     90 days from the Grant Date, then the Company may declare the Award null and void at any time. Also, in the unfortunate event that death occurs before this Agreement has been accepted, this Award will be voided, which means the Award will terminate automatically and cannot be transferred to the Grantee s heirs pursuant to the Grantee s will or the laws of descent and distribution.    

APPENDIX A 
  PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT 
  Pursuant to the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
  For Performance Period FY2017 - FY2019 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
  This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Award granted to the Grantee under the Plan if the Grantee works in one of the countries listed below. If the Grantee is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Grantee is currently working, is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes or if the Grantee transfers employment and/or residency between countries after the award date, the Company will, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions herein will be applicable to the Grantee. 
  Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the same meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Agreement, as applicable. 
  Notifications 
  This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange control and certain other tax or legal issues of which the Grantee should be aware with respect to the Grantee s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of [August 2016.] Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Grantee not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of the Grantee s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date when the Award vests, Stock are issued to the Grantee and/or the Grantee sells Stock acquired under the Plan. 
  In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to the Grantee s particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure the Grantee of a particular result. Accordingly, the Grantee is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Grantee s country may apply to his or her situation. Furthermore, additional privacy laws may apply in the Grantee s country. 
  Finally, if the Grantee is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Grantee is currently working, is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes or if the Grantee transfers employment and/or residency between countries after the award date, the information contained herein may not be applicable to the Grantee in the same manner. 
    
  UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Section 409A  . This Agreement, including the right to receive Stock upon achievement of the Performance Criteria and satisfaction of the conditions in Section 1 above, is intended to be exempt from the requirements of section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) pursuant to the short-term deferral exemption thereunder, and this Agreement, including the right to receive Stock upon the achievement of the Performance Criteria and satisfaction of the conditions in Section 1 above, shall be interpreted on a basis consistent with such intent.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Grantee is a  specified employee  (as defined in section 409A of the Code) and it is necessary to postpone the commencement of any payments otherwise payable under this Agreement to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under section 409A of the Code, then the Company will postpone the payment until five days after the end of the six-month period following the Grantee s  separation from service  (as defined under section 409A of the Code).  If the Grantee dies during the postponement period prior to the payment of postponed amount, the amounts withheld on account of section 409A of the Code shall be paid to the personal representative of the Grantee s estate within 60 days after the date of the Grantee s death.  The determination of who is a specified employee, including the number and identity of persons considered specified employees and the identification date, shall be made by the Committee in accordance with the provisions of sections 416(i) and 409A of the Code.  In no event shall the Grantee, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment.  For purposes of section 409A of the Code, each payment under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment.  This Agreement may be amended without the consent of the Grantee in any respect deemed by the Committee to be necessary in order to preserve compliance with section 409A of the Code or other applicable law.   
  BELGIUM 
  Terms and Conditions 
  Stock, Dividends and Voting Rights 
    
  Section 2(a) of the Agreement shall be replaced with the following: 
    
   As soon as administratively practicable following the Release Date, or as otherwise provided in Section 3 below, the amount of Stock determined based on the Performance Criteria shall be issued to the Grantee, provided all conditions set forth in Section 1 above are satisfied. Except as provided in Section 3 below, all Awards shall be settled in Stock. Prior to the Release Date, the Grantee shall have no rights with respect to the Stock, including but not limited to rights to sell, vote, exchange, transfer, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Stock. In addition, prior to the Release Date, the Grantee shall be not entitled to receive dividends or dividend equivalent payments and shall not have any other rights with respect to the Stock.  
    
  Section 2(b) of the Agreement shall be deleted. 
    
  Nature of Award 
    
  Section 12(e) of the Agreement shall be replaced with the following: 
   this Award and the underlying Stock, and any income derived therefrom, are not paid in lieu of, and are not intended to replace, any pension rights or compensation and are not part of compensation or salary for the purposes of calculating any bonuses, long-service awards, life or accident insurance benefits, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments;  
  Section 12(g) of the Agreement shall be replaced with the following: 
   for the purposes of the Award, the Grantee s employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the last day of employment with the Company or any Affiliated Company (regardless of the reason for termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Grantee is employed or the terms of the Grantee s employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, the Grantee s right to vest in the Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date;  
  Definitions 
    
  In section 15(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
    Disability  means disability as defined in the Employer s long-term disability policy.   
    
  Language 
  Section 17 of the Agreement shall be deleted. 
  Notifications 
    
  Securities Disclosure 
    
  All references to the  Plan Prospectus  in the Agreement shall be deleted.  
    
  CANADA 
  Terms and Conditions 
  The following provisions supplement Section 15 of the Agreement: 
   Disability  means disability as defined in the Employer s long-term disability policy. 
  The following provisions supplement Section 2 of the Agreement: 
  Notwithstanding any provisions herein to the contrary, Participants in Canada shall not be awarded, and shall not be eligible to receive, any dividend equivalents pursuant to Section 2(b) of this Agreement. 
  Share Withholding 
  The following provision supplements Section 6(c) of the Agreement: 
  The Company, the Employer or their respective agents, as applicable, shall satisfy the applicable withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items by withholding shares of Stock that are to be issued upon settlement of the Award having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the minimum withholding amount only if the Grantee has not paid such withholding amount in cash by the date specified by the Company, the Employer or their respective agents, as applicable.  
  Termination of Employment 
  The following provision supplements Section 11(f) of the Agreement: 
  In the event of the Grantee s termination of employment for any reason (whether or not later found invalid or in breach of local employment laws or the terms of the Grantee s employment agreement, if any), any unvested portion of the Award shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, the Grantee s right to vest in the Award will terminate effective as of the earlier of the following dates: (i) the date on which the Grantee s employment is terminated; (ii) the date the Grantee receives written notice of termination of employment from the Company or one of the Affiliated Companies; or (iii) the date the Grantee is no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of the Affiliated Companies.  The right to vest in and exercise the Award (as discussed above) will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., active service would not include any contractual, statutory or common law notice period or period during which the Grantee is in receipt of pay in lieu of such notice or severance pay, or any period of  garden leave  or similar period mandated under Canadian laws or the terms of the Grantee s employment or service agreement, if any). The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Grantee is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Grantee s Award (including whether the Grantee may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence).  
  Data Privacy 
  The following provision supplements Section 10 of the Agreement: 
  The Grantee hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. The Grantee further authorizes the Company, any Affiliated Company and any stock plan service provider that may be selected by the Company to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their respective advisors. The Grantee further authorizes the Company and any Affiliated Company to record such information and to keep such information in the Grantee s employee file. 
   Language Consent 
  The following terms and conditions apply to the Grantees resident in Quebec: 
  The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
  Consentement relatif   la langue utilis e 
    
  Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  que cette convention ( Agreement ) soit r dig e en anglais, ainsi que tous les documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires,  x cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement   la pr sente.     
  Notifications 
    
  Securities Law Information 
    
  The Grantee is permitted to sell Shares acquired through the Plan through the designated broker appointed by the Company, provided the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed (  i.e.  , New York Stock Exchange). 
    
  Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information 
    
  Canadian residents are required to report any foreign property (  e.g.  , Shares acquired under the Plan and possibly unvested Awards) on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of their foreign property exceeds C$100,000 at any time in the year. It is the Grantee s responsibility to comply with these reporting obligations, and the Grantee should consult his or her own personal tax advisor in this regard. 
    
  FRANCE 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  At the end of the first paragraph of the Agreement, the sentence  Such Award will be made under the terms of the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, (the  Plan ), as amended.  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
   Such Award will be made under the terms of the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan and its Addendum providing for terms and conditions applicable to French Grantees (together, the  Plan ), as amended.  
    
  Column 3 and row 3 of the Agreement shall be replaced with the following:  
    
   Release Date: The first day following the end of the Vesting Period (as defined below).  
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  Section 1 of the Agreement shall be replaced with the following: 
    
     General Conditions  .  This Award is in the form of performance share units that settle in Stock at the Date of Grant. If the conditions set forth in this Agreement are satisfied, the amount of Stock earned based on actual performance achieved will be granted to the Grantee on the Date of Grant.  If these conditions are not satisfied, the Award shall be forfeited.  Capitalized terms in this Agreement refer to defined terms in the Plan, except as otherwise defined herein. 
    
  (a)      Continuous Employment  .  Except as provided in Section 3 or in Appendix A, the Stock shall be granted on the Date of Grant only if the Grantee is continuously employed by the Company, or if different, the Grantee s employer (the  Employer ), or an Affiliated Company from the Award Date until the end of the Performance Period. 
    
  (b)      Performance Conditions  .  The Stock shall be issuable only if (and to the extent) that the Performance Criteria, set forth herein, are satisfied during the Performance Period. The Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company shall certify whether, and to what extent, the Performance Criteria have been achieved with respect to the Performance Period.  If actual performance does not meet the levels associated with the minimum performance necessary for any Stock to be awarded ( Threshold , as set forth in Appendix B), no Stock shall be issued and the Award shall be forfeited.  If actual performance achieved exceeds the levels associated with maximum performance target(s) ( Maximum  as set forth in Appendix B), no additional Stock may be earned.  Straight-line interpolation will be applied to determine the resulting amount of Stock earned if actual performance falls between multiple payment amounts corresponding to alternative performance levels specified in Appendix B. 
    
  (c)      Vesting Period  .  The Awards shall vest at the end of a two-year period starting on Date of Grant (the  Vesting Period ).  Except in the cases set out in paragraph 4.2(h) of the Plan (  Vesting; Additional Terms  ), no Stock shall be delivered to the Grantee prior to the Release Date which may not intervene less than two years after the Grant Date and, under no circumstance, prior to the end of the Vesting Period. 
    
  (d)      Holding Period  .  Stock delivered upon Release Date may not be sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of before the end of a two-year period starting on Release Date (the  Holding Period ). 
    
  Stock, Dividends and Voting Rights 
    
  In section 2(a) of the Agreement, before the words  the Grantee shall have no rights with respect to the Stock , the following words shall be inserted: 
    
   except in the case of death,  
    
  Employment Events 
    
  Throughout section 3 of the Agreement, the words  released  and  Release Date  shall be replaced with  granted  and  Date of Grant  respectively. 
    
  In column 2 and row 3 of section 3 of the Agreement, the words  The Grantee s estate shall be paid a cash amount equal to the value of the Target Award.  The value shall be determined based on the closing price of the Stock on the date of the Grantee s death and shall be paid within 90 days after the Grantee s death.  shall be replaced with the following:  
    
   The Grantee s estate shall be entitled to receive the Stock corresponding to the Target Award.  The Stock shall be released in full within six months after the date of the Grantee s death.  
    
  Definitions 
    
  In section 15(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
    Disability  means any disability which is ranked in the second or third categories as set out under Article L.341-4 of the French Social Security Code.  
    
  Language Consent 
    
  By accepting the French Award, the Grantee confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in English language.  The Grantee accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. The Grantee confirms that the Grantee has a good knowledge of the English language. 
    
  En acceptant l Attribution, le B n ficiaire confirme avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs   cette attribution (le Plan et ce Contrat) qui ont  t  fournis en langue anglaise. Le B n ficiaire accepte les dispositions de ces documents en connaissance de cause. Etant pr cis  que le Titulaire a une bonne ma trise de la langue anglaise.  Notifications 
    
  Securities Disclaimer 
    
  The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in France. 
    
  Foreign Asset/Account Information 
    
  The Grantee may hold Shares acquired upon vesting/settlement of the Award, any proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares or any dividends paid on such Shares outside of France, provided the Grantee declares all foreign bank and brokerage accounts (including any accounts that were opened or closed during the tax year) with  his or her annual income tax return.  Failure to complete this reporting may trigger penalties for the resident.  

IRELAND 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  Employment Events 
    
  In column 1 and row 2 of section 3 of the Agreement, the words  Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a Retirement in Good Standing (as defined in Section 15, below)  shall be replaced with the following:  
    
   Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a retirement (as determined by the Committee) .     
    
  Definitions 
    
  In section 15(a) of the Agreement, the definition of  Retirement in Good Standing  shall be deleted.  
    
  In section 15(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
    Disability  means disability as defined in the Employer s long-term disability policy.   
    
  Securities Disclaimer 
    
  The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Ireland. 
    
  SPAIN 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
  Language Consent 
  By accepting the Award, the Grantee confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in English language.  The Grantee accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. The Grantee confirms that the Grantee has a good knowledge of the English language. 
  Con la aceptaci n del Incentivo, el Beneficiario confirma haber le do y entendido el documento relativo a la concesi n de incentivos (el Plan y el Contrato) que le han sido entregados en ingl s. El Beneficiario acepta los t rminos de los documentos y confirma que tiene buen conocimiento de la lengua inglesa. 
  Employment Events 
    
  In column 1 and row 2 of section 3 of the Agreement, the words  Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a Retirement in Good Standing (as defined in Section 15, below)  shall be replaced with the following:  
    
   Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a retirement (as determined by the Committee) .     
    
  Definitions 
    
  In section 15(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
    Disability  means disability as defined in the Employer s long-term disability policy.   
    
  Notifications 
  Securities Disclaimer 
  The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Spain. 
  SWEDEN 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  Employment Events 
    
  In column 1 and row 2 of section 3 of the Agreement, the words  Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a Retirement in Good Standing (as defined in Section 15, below)  shall be replaced with the following:  
    
   Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a retirement (as determined by the Compensation Committee) . 
    
     Definitions 
    
  In section 15(a) of the Agreement, the definition of  Retirement in Good Standing  shall be deleted.  
    
  In section 15(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
   Disability  means the Grantee is entitled to full disability pension which is not for a fixed period under the National Insurance Act (1962:381). 
    
  Notifications 
    
  Securities Disclosure 
    
  All references to the  Plan Prospectus  in the Agreement shall be deleted.  
    
  The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Sweden as the number of participants in Sweden are below 150. 

UNITED KINGDOM 

Employment Events 
    
  In column 1 and row 2 of section 3 of the Agreement, the words  Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a Retirement in Good Standing (as defined in Section 15, below)  shall be replaced with the following:  
    
   Employment with the Company or an Affiliated Company terminates as a result of a retirement (as determined by the Committee) .     
    
  Responsibility for Taxes 
    
  The following provisions shall supplement Section 6 of the Agreement: 
    
   At the request of the Company at any time before the vesting/settlement of the Award, the Grantee must elect, to the extent permitted by law, and using a form approved by HMRC, that the whole or any part of the liability for national insurance contributions arising as a result of a taxable event attributable to the Award or the Grantee s participation in the Plan shall be transferred to the Grantee.  
    
  If payment or withholding of income taxes is not made within ninety (90) days of the end of the tax year in which the income tax liability arises, or such other period specified in Section 222(1) (c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the  Due Date ), the amount of any uncollected income tax shall constitute a loan owed by the Grantee to the Employer, effective on the Due Date. The Grantee understands and agrees that the loan will bear interest at the then-current official rate of Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ), it will be immediately due and repayable by the Grantee, and the Company and/or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 6 of the Agreement. 
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Grantee is a director or an executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), the Grantee will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the uncollected income tax. In the event that the Grantee is a director or executive officer and the income tax is not collected from or paid by the Grantee by the Due Date, the Grantee understands that the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to the Grantee on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions ( NICs ) may be payable. The Grantee will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the Company or the Employer (as appropriate) for the value of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which the Company and/or the Employer may recover from the Grantee by any of the means referred to in Section 6 of the Agreement. 
    
  Definitions 
    
  In section 15(a) of the Agreement, the definition of  Retirement in Good Standing  shall be deleted.  
    
  In section 15(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
    Disability  means disability as defined in the Employer s long-term disability policy.   

Notifications 
    
  Securities Disclosure 
    
  All references to the  Plan Prospectus  in the Agreement shall be deleted.    
    
  This Agreement is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of section 85(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ( FSMA ) and no offer of transferable securities to the public (for the purposes of section 102B of FSMA) is being made in connection with the Plan. The Plan and the Award are exclusively available in the UK to bona fide employees and former employees and any other UK Subsidiary of the Company. 

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  10 

Exhibit 10.2 

APPENDIX B 
    
  PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT AGREEMENT 
  Pursuant to the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
  For Performance Period FY2017 - FY2019 

THE PERFORMANCE TARGETS SET FORTH ON THIS TABLE CONSTITUTE  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  AND ANY DISCLOSURE OF SUCH PERFORMANCE TARGETS BY A PARTICIPANT PRIOR TO THE TIME SUCH PERFORMANCE TARGETS BECOME PUBLIC INFORMATION WILL RESULT IN SUCH PARTICIPANT FORFEITING HIS OR HER RIGHTS UNDER THIS PROGRAM  . 

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  B-1 

    Exhibit 10.2 

Form approved August 2016 
  PS13US-3 
  B-1 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 exhibit103-aug2016regoptio.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
    
  Pursuant to the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
    
  Under the terms and conditions of the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, (the  Plan ), the terms of which are hereby incorporated into this Stock Option Agreement (this  Agreement ) by reference, Sysco Corporation (the  Company  or  Sysco ) grants to you (the  Optionee ) an option to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock, $1.00 par value, ( Stock ) subject to adjustment as provided in the Plan (the  Option ).  The Option is offered in accordance with and subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions of this Agreement, including any country-specific provisions for the Optionee s country in Appendix A attached hereto.  The number of shares of Stock subject to this Agreement, the exercise price of the Option, and the date of grant (the  Grant Date ) are set forth in the records of the Company and have been made available to the Optionee either (1) directly to the Optionee by the Company, or (2) electronically by the Company to the Optionee through the website of a third party administrator engaged by the Company, and by accepting this Option, the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that he or she has received and/or accessed such information and that such information forms a material part of this Agreement.   
    
  Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, this Option shall terminate and expire at the close of business on the final trading day immediately prior to the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date and shall be subject to the Terms and Conditions of Stock Option attached hereto and incorporated in this Agreement by reference. 
    
  By accepting this Option, the Optionee accepts and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and Terms and Conditions of Stock Option, and the Optionee acknowledges receipt of the Plan.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan will prevail. 
    
  The Option and this Agreement are not effective or enforceable until the Optionee properly acknowledges acceptance of the Option by completing the electronic receipt as soon as possible, but in no event later than 90 days from the Grant Date.  If the Optionee does not properly acknowledge acceptance of the Option and the terms of this Agreement on or within 90 days from the Grant Date, this Option will be forfeited. 

SYSCO CORPORATION 
  TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK OPTION 

1. 
    General Conditions  .  Please carefully review all of the provisions of the Plan.  In addition to the conditions set forth in the Plan, the Option is contingent upon satisfying the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Plan. 
       
           2. 
    Vesting  . The Option will vest in three equal tranches over a period of three years (one-third on each of the first, second, and third anniversaries of the Grant Date), subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or otherwise set forth in this Agreement and the Optionee s continuous employment or service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from the Grant Date through the applicable vesting date (each date on which a portion of the Option will vest pursuant to this Agreement, a  Vesting Date ).  
       
           3. 
    Maximum Term  . Unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, this Option will expire at the close of business on the final trading day immediately prior to the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date. 
       
           4. 
    Exercise Restrictions  .   Subject to any country-specific variations, the vested portion of the Option may be exercised at any time after its applicable Vesting Date and prior to the expiration of the Option, provided that at the time of the exercise all of the conditions set forth in the Plan and in this Agreement have been met.  No portion of the Option may be exercised prior to the first anniversary of the Grant Date or after the expiration of the maximum term set forth in Section 3, above. 
       
           5. 
    Accelerated Vesting Events  . The Option awarded pursuant to this Agreement will vest according to the schedule set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement, subject to the Optionee s continuous service with the Company or one of its Subsidiaries through each applicable Vesting Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, provided that the Optionee has been in continuous service with the Company or one of its Subsidiaries since the Grant Date through the date of termination of his or her employment or service, (a) the Option shall remain in effect and continue to vest according to the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement, irrespective of the continuous service limitations set forth in the first sentence of this Section 5, upon the occurrence of (i) the Optionee s termination of employment by reason of Retirement in Good Standing (as defined in Section 19, below) or (ii) the Optionee s termination of employment or service by reason of Disability (as defined in Section 19, below), and (b) the Option shall immediately vest  upon the occurrence of (i) a  Change in Control Termination  (as defined in Section 19, below) in accordance with Section 4.2(h)(ii) of the Plan or (ii) the Optionee s termination of employment or service by reason of death. 
       
           6. 
    Exercise Period  .  The Option will normally terminate on the earlier of (i) the date of the expiration of the Option set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement or (ii) the 90th day after severance of the Optionee s employment relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary, for any reason, for or without Cause.  Whether an authorized leave of absence, or an absence for military or government service, constitutes severance of the Optionee s employment or service relationship with the Company or a Subsidiary will be determined by the Committee administering the Plan at the time of the event.  However, if before the expiration of the Option, the Optionee s employment relationship with the Company or a Subsidiary terminates as a result  of Retirement  in  Good Standing, Change in Control Termination, or Disability, the Option will remain exercisable in accordance with  its terms as if Optionee remained in the employment or service of the Company or a Subsidiary, and in the event of the Optionee s death while employed by or providing service  to the Company or any Subsidiary, the Option may be exercised by the executors or administrators of the Optionee s estate for up to three years following the date of the Optionee s death, but in no event later than the last day of the maximum term of the Option set forth in Section 3.   
       
           7. 
    Method of Exercise.    At the time or times when the Optionee wishes to exercise the Option, the Optionee shall be required to follow the procedures established for doing so, which the Committee may revise from time to time.  Notice of exercise of the Option must be accompanied by a payment equal to the applicable Option exercise price plus all Tax-Related items (as defined below) required to be withheld, collected or accounted for, if any, such amount to be paid in cash or by tendering, either by actual delivery of shares of Stock or by attestation, shares of Stock that are acceptable to the Committee, such shares to be valued at Fair Market Value as of the day the shares are tendered, or paid in any combination of cash and shares, as determined by the Committee.  To the extent permitted by applicable law and the policies adopted from time to time by the Committee, the Optionee may elect to pay the exercise price through the contemporaneous sale by a third party broker of shares of Stock acquired upon exercise yielding net sales proceeds equal to the exercise price and any withholding Tax-Related Items required to be withheld, collected or account for and the remission of those sale proceeds to the Company. 
       
           8. 
    No Assignment  .   No right or interest of the Optionee in the Option may be pledged, encumbered, or hypothecated or be made subject to any lien, obligation or liability of the Optionee other than as provided in this Section 8. The Option may not be sold, assigned, transferred or otherwise disposed of by the Optionee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
       
           9. 
    Nature of Option  .   In accepting the Option, the Optionee acknowledges, understands and agrees that: 
       
           a. 
    the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and the Company can amend, modify, suspend, cancel or terminate it at any time, to the extent permitted under the Plan; 
       
           b. 
    this Option and any other awards under the Plan are voluntary and occasional and do not create any contractual or other right to receive future options, awards or benefits in lieu of any options or awards, even if similar options or awards have been granted repeatedly in the past; 
       
           c. 
    all determinations with respect to any future options or awards, including, but not limited to, the times when options or awards are made, the amount of the options or awards and other conditions attached to the options or awards, will be at the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Committee; 
       
           d. 
    participation in this Plan or program is voluntary; 
       
           e. 
    the Option and any shares of Stock acquired under the Plan upon exercise of the Option are extraordinary items and  do not constitute compensation of any kind (and do not give a right of claim of any kind) for services of any kind rendered to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (including, as applicable, the entity employing the Optionee or to which the Optionee provides services, (the  Employer ) and which are outside the scope of the Optionee s employment or service contract, if any; 
       
           f. 
    this Option, and any income derived therefrom, are not paid in lieu of, and are not intended to replace, any pension rights or compensation and are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any termination, severance, resignation, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, life or accident insurance benefits, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments; 
       
           g. 
    for the purposes of the Option, the Optionee s employment or service will be considered terminated as of the date the Optionee is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Optionee is employed or the terms of the Optionee s employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, the Optionee s right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period or period during with the Optionee is in receipt of pay in lieu of such notice or severance pay (e.g., the Optionee s period of service would not include any contractual, statutory or common law notice period or period during which the Optionee is in the receipt of pay in lieu of such notice or severance pay or any period of   garden leave  or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Optionee is employed or the terms of the Optionee s employment agreement, if any); the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Optionee is no longer actively providing services for the purposes of the Option (including whether the Optionee may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence); 
       
           h. 
    the future value of the underlying Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty. If the shares of Stock subject to the Option do not increase in value following the Grant Date, the Option will have no value.  If the Optionee exercises the Option and obtains the shares of Stock, the value of those shares acquired upon exercise may increase or decrease in value, even below the Option exercise price; 
       
           i. 
    no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from the termination of the Optionee s employment or other service relationship (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Optionee is employed or the terms of the Optionee s employment agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Option to which the Optionee is otherwise not entitled, the Optionee irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against the Company, the Employer, any Subsidiary or any Affiliated Company; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, the Optionee shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim; 
       
           j. 
    the Option and the Optionee s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment or be interpreted as forming an employment or services contract with the Company, the Employer, any Subsidiary or any Affiliated Company and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer, any Subsidiary or any Affiliated Company, as applicable, to terminate the Optionee s employment or service relationship (if any).  The right of the Company or Employer to terminate at will the Optionee s employment or service at any time for any reason is specifically reserved;  
       
           k. 
    if the Optionee is providing services outside the United States, the Optionee acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, the Employer, any Subsidiary nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between the Optionee s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Option or of any amounts due to the Optionee pursuant to the exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any Stock acquired upon exercise; and 
       
           l. 
    in the event of any conflict between communications to the Optionee by the Company of the terms of this Agreement or the records of any third party administrator and the Plan, the Plan will prevail. 
       
           10. 
    Responsibility for Taxes.  
       
           a. 
    Irrespective of any action taken by the Company or the Employer, the Optionee hereby acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, social security, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Optionee s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Optionee ( Tax-Related Items ), is and remains the responsibility of the Optionee or the Optionee s estate (as applicable) and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Optionee acknowledges and understands that the requirements with respect to the Tax-Related Items may change from time to time as applicable laws or interpretations change. 
       
           b. 
    Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Optionee agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, the Optionee authorizes the Company, the Employer, and their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items withholding obligations by one or a combination of the following: 
       
           i. 
    withholding from the Optionee s wages or other cash compensation paid to the Optionee by the Company and/or the Employer, or any other payment of any kind otherwise due to the Optionee by the Company and/or the Employer; or 
       
           ii. 
    withholding from proceeds of the sale of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on the Optionee s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent); or 
       
           iii. 
    retention of or withholding in Stock to be issued upon exercise of the Option having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the minimum withholding amount.  
       
           c. 
    If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Stock, for tax purposes, the Optionee is deemed to have been issued the full amount of Stock subject to the Option, notwithstanding that an amount of Stock was  retained solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
       
           d. 
    In addition, the Optionee shall pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Optionee s participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Stock or the proceeds of the sale of Stock, if the Optionee fails to comply with the Optionee s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
       
           e. 
    The Optionee further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the issuance of Stock upon exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Stock acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends and/or dividend equivalents following the issuance of Stock upon the exercise of the Option; and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Optionee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Optionee is subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction, the Optionee acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
       
           11. 
    Prohibited Activities; Post-Employment Covenants; Additional Remedies of Clawback and Recoupment  . 
       
           a. 
    Notwithstanding any other term of the Agreement or any prior agreement to the contrary, in order to be eligible to benefit from any portion of the Option, the Optionee must have entered into an agreement containing restrictive covenants concerning limitations of the Optionee s behavior both during employment or service and following termination of employment or service that is satisfactory to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries.  In the event the Optionee engages in any action that violates any such restrictive covenants at any time during the term of the Agreement, the Option shall be forfeited.  The Optionee further agrees that to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon demand by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, the Optionee will forfeit, return or repay the  Benefits and Proceeds  (as defined below) in the event the Optionee breaches any post-employment or post-service covenant with the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries. 
       
           b. 
    For the purposes of this Agreement,  Benefits and Proceeds  means: 
       
           i. 
    to the extent the Optionee has received any Stock in satisfaction of this Option and the Optionee continues to hold those shares of Stock, the shares of Stock so acquired; 
       
           ii. 
    to the extent the Optionee has received any Stock in satisfaction of this Option and no longer owns the shares of Stock so acquired, cash in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of such shares of Stock on the date such payment is demanded by the Company (which, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, shall be equal to the closing sale price during regular trading hours of the shares of Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on such date); and 
       
           iii. 
    to the extent the Optionee has not received any Stock in satisfaction of this Option, all of the Optionee s remaining rights, title or interest in the Option.  
       
           12. 
    Electronic Delivery and Acceptance  .  The Optionee consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any Plan documents, proxy materials, annual reports or other related documents, and to the electronic review, confirmation and acceptance procedures governing this Option.  The Optionee consents and agrees that any such electronic procedures may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services related to the Plan, including any program adopted under the Plan.  The Optionee further agrees that his or her electronic signature is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature.  The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Company may provide personal information regarding the Optionee and any award of Options under the Plan, included but not limited to this Option, to any third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative or brokerage services related to the Plan. 

a. 
    To the extent consent is required, the Optionee hereby consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Optionee s personal data as described in this Agreement and any other Option materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company any Subsidiary and its Affiliated Companies for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Optionee s participation in the Plan.  The Employer and the Company will be joint data controllers in relation to the Optionee s personal data. 
       
           b. 
    The Optionee understands that the Employer, the Company, any Subsidiary and any Affiliated Company may hold certain personal information about the Optionee, including but not limited to his or her name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in the Company and details of all Options or any other entitlements to shares of stock awarded, cancelled, vested, unvested, or outstanding in the Optionee s favor ( Data ), for the purpose of implementing, administering or managing the Plan. Certain Data may also constitute  sensitive personal data  within the meaning of applicable local law. Such Data include, but are not limited to, the information provided above and any changes thereto and other appropriate personal and financial data about the Optionee. The Optionee hereby provides explicit consent to the Company, the Employer, any Subsidiary and any Affiliated Company to process any such Data to the extent it is necessary for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Optionee s participation in the Plan. 
       
           c. 
    The Optionee understands that Data will be transferred, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Optionee s participation in the Plan, to such equity plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Optionee understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have data privacy laws and protections which provide standards of protection that are different to or lower than the standards provided by the data privacy laws in the Optionee s country. The Optionee understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. The Optionee authorizes the Company, the Company s equity service plan provider and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. The Optionee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage the Optionee s participation in the Plan. The Optionee understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to  or deletion of Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. Further, the Optionee understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If the Optionee does not consent, or if the Optionee later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing the Optionee s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Optionee Options or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, the Optionee understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect the Optionee s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of the Optionee s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Optionee understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
       
           14. 
    Notices  .   Each notice relating to this Option shall be in writing. All notices to the Company shall be addressed to the Corporate Secretary, Sysco Corporation, 1390 Enclave Parkway, Houston, Texas 77077. All notices to the Optionee shall be addressed to the address of the Optionee on file with the Company or the Employer. Either the Company or the Optionee may designate a different address by written notice to the other. Written notice to said addresses shall be effective to bind the Company, the Optionee and the Optionee s representatives and beneficiaries.    
       
           15. 
    Committee  .   The Optionee hereby agrees that (a) any change, interpretation, determination or modification of this Agreement by the Committee shall be final and conclusive for all purposes and on all persons including the Company and the Optionee; provided, however, that with respect to any amendment or modification of the Plan which affects the Option of Stock made hereby, the Committee shall have determined that such amendment or modification is in the best interests of the Optionee of such Option; and (b) this Agreement and the Option shall not affect in any way the right of the Company or the Employer to terminate or change the employment of the Optionee.  
       
           16. 
    Modification of Agreement  .     If any of the terms of this Agreement may, in the opinion of the Company, conflict or be inconsistent with any applicable law or regulation of any governmental agency having jurisdiction, the Company reserves the right to modify this Agreement to be consistent with applicable laws or regulations.  If all or any part or application of the provisions of this Agreement are held or determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever by a court of competent jurisdiction in an action between Optionee and the Company, each and all of the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by the party against with enforcement is sought, except where specifically provided to the contrary herein. 
       
           17. 
    No Advice Regarding Grant  . None of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Affiliated Company is providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Optionee s participation in the Plan, or the Optionee s acquisition or sale of the underlying Stock. The Optionee is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
       
           18. 
    Entire Agreement; Severability  .   The Plan and this Agreement set forth the entire understanding between the Optionee, the Employer, the Company and any Subsidiary regarding the acquisition of the Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements pertaining to this Option. If all or any part of the provisions of this Agreement are held or determined to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever by a court of competent jurisdiction in an action between the Optionee and the Company, each and all of the other provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.  
       
           19. 
    Definitions  . For purposes of this Agreement: 
       
           a. 
     Retirement in Good Standing  means: 
       
           i. 
    in the United States and Canada, Belgium and Spain termination of employment after the date the Optionee reaches (i) age 55 and the Optionee has 10 or more years of service with the Company and its Subsidiaries, or (ii) age 65, regardless of years of  service with the Company and it Subsidiaries; and 
       
           ii. 
    In all other jurisdictions, retirement (as determined by the Committee). 
       
           b. 
     Disability  means: 
       
           i. 
    in the United States, that the Optionee has been determined by the Social Security Administration to be totally disabled; and 
       
           ii. 
    in all other jurisdictions, as set forth in the applicable section of Appendix A. 
       
           c. 
     Change in Control Termination  means the occurrence of both: (A) a Change in Control and (B) during the period commencing 12 months prior to the first occurrence of the Change in Control and ending 24 months after such Change in Control, the Company or one of its Subsidiaries involuntarily terminates the Optionee s employment or Service without Cause or the Optionee terminates employment for Good Reason. 
       
           20. 
    Compliance with Law  . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Stock, the Company shall not be required to deliver any Stock issuable upon exercise of the Option prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Stock under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. The Optionee understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Stock with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Stock. Further, the Optionee agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and the Agreement without the Optionee s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Stock.   
       
           21. 
    Language  . If the Optionee has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.  
       
           22. 
    Appendix A  . The Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions for the Optionee s country set forth in Appendix A. Moreover, if the Optionee relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix A, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Optionee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. Appendix A constitutes part of this Agreement. 
       
           23. 
    Imposition of Other Requirements.   The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Optionee s participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Optionee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
       
           24. 
    Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws  . The Optionee acknowledges that, depending on the Optionee s country of residence, the Optionee may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect the Optionee s ability to acquire or sell shares of Stock or rights to shares of Stock (e.g., Options) under the Plan during such times as the Optionee is considered to have  inside information  regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the Optionee s country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy. The Optionee acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and the Optionee is advised to speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter.     
       
           25. 
    Waiver.   The Optionee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or acceptance of any subsequent breach by the Optionee or any other person claiming rights with respect to the Option. 
       
           26. 
    Governing Law and Venue  . This Option has been granted and this Agreement has been made in and shall be governed by, construed under and in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. Any and all disputes relating to, concerning or arising from   this   Agreement, or relating to, concerning or arising from the relationship between the parties evidenced by the Option or this Agreement, shall be brought and heard exclusively in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas or Harris County, Texas.  Each of the parties hereby represents and agrees that such party is subject to the personal jurisdiction of said courts; irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts in any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute, and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which such party may now or hereafter have that the laying of the venue of any legal or equitable proceedings related to, concerning or arising from such dispute which is brought in such courts is improper or that such proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
       
           27. 
    Mobility.   If, during the course of the Optionee s employment with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or during the provision of services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Optionee becomes a tax resident in a jurisdiction other than his or her home country as of the Grant Date, the Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this Agreement to comply with local laws in another jurisdiction. 

APPENDIX A 
    
  STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
  Pursuant to the Sysco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

Terms and Conditions 
    
  This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Option granted to the Optionee under the Plan if the Optionee works in one of the countries listed below. If the Optionee is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Optionee is currently working, is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes or if the Optionee transfers employment and/or residency between countries after the Option Date, the Company will, in its discretion, determine the extent to which the terms and conditions herein will be applicable to the Optionee. 
    
  Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the same meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Agreement, as applicable. 
  Notifications 
  This Appendix also includes information regarding securities, exchange control and certain other tax or legal issues of which the Optionee should be aware with respect to the Optionee s participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of August 2016. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that the Optionee not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of the Optionee s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date when the Option vests, Stock are issued to the Optionee and/or the Optionee sells Stock acquired under the Plan. 
    
  In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to the Optionee s particular situation and the Company is not in a position to assure the Optionee of a particular result. Accordingly, the Optionee is advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in the Optionee s country may apply to his or her situation. Furthermore, additional privacy laws may apply in the Optionee s country. 
    
  Finally, if the Optionee is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which the Optionee is currently working, is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes or if the Optionee transfers employment and/or residency between countries after the Option Date, the information contained herein may not be applicable to the Optionee in the same manner. 

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  When exercised, all or a portion of this Option may be an incentive stock option, governed by Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,  as amended. 
    
  By accepting this Option, Optionee further acknowledges receipt of the Plan Prospectus, which contains important information, including a discussion of federal tax consequences.   

BELGIUM 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  Nature of Option 
    
  Section 9(f) shall be replaced with the following: 
    
   this Option and any income derived therefrom, are not paid in lieu of, and are not intended to replace, any pension rights or compensation and are not part of compensation or salary for the purposes of calculating any bonuses, long-service awards, life or accident insurance benefits, pension or retirement welfare benefits or similar payments;  
    
  Section 9(g) shall be replaced with the following: 
    
   for the purposes of the Option, the Optionee s employment or service relationship will be considered terminated as of the last day of employment with the Company or any Affiliated Company (regardless of the reason for termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Optionee is employed or the terms of the Optionee s employment agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, the Optionee s right to vest in the Option under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date;  

Definitions 
    
  The following provisions supplement Section 19(b) of the Agreement: 
    
   Disability  means disability as defined in the Employer s long-term disability policy.  
    
  Offer Document 
    
  The Optionee must accept the Option in writing either (i) within 60 days of the offer (for tax at offer), or (ii) after 60 days of the offer (for tax at exercise) by completing the attached Offer Document. The Optionee should consult a personal tax advisor with respect to completing the Offer Document. 
    
  Notifications 
    
  Securities Disclaimer 
    
  The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Belgium. 
    
  Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information 
    
  The Optionee is required to report any taxable income attributable to the Option on his or her annual tax return. Additionally, Belgian residents are required to report any security or bank accounts (including brokerage accounts) maintained outside of Belgium on their annual tax return. In a separate report, they will be required to provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details regarding such foreign accounts. 
    
  Tax Information 
    
  This section is intended to advise the Optionee of potential tax impacts of certain actions or inactions under Belgian law. This section is applicable to any Optionee who is subject to income tax in Belgium, including residents. The Optionee is urged to consult their personal tax advisers when considering all matters regarding the Option grant set forth in the Agreement. 
    
  Options accepted in writing within 60 days following the offer date 
    
  At grant  : Stock Options that are accepted in writing within 60 days following the offer date are taxable on the date of grant. (Grant date is deemed to be the 60th day following the date of offer.) The taxable benefit will be calculated as a percentage of the closing market price of the underlying shares on the last trading day preceding the date of offer, plus any excess of the closing market price over the option price. The Optionee acknowledges that these taxes are required to be paid even if the Options are later forfeited for any reason, including without limitation termination of employment, and/or the Optionee is not actually able to realize value from the Options. The tax paid may not be refunded by the Belgian revenue agency. 
    
  At sale  : In principle, no Belgian tax consequences.  The Belgian Employer will report details of Option benefits both at the time of grant and possibly at the time of exercise if the Options are exercised before the expiration of the committed holding period. Tax is due and payable with the Optionee s individual income tax return for the year of grant and possibly in the year of exercise. 
    
  Social security:   Provided certain conditions are met, the Option should be free from social security contributions. However, the Company makes no representations in such respect.  
    
  Options accepted after the 60th day following the offer date 
    
  At grant  : In principle, under current guidance from the Belgian tax authorities, no Belgian tax consequences. 
    
  At exercise  : According to current guidance from the Belgian Minister of Finance, Options that are accepted in writing after the 60th day following the offer date are not subject to taxation at grant, but to taxation at exercise. The taxable benefit is the difference between the actual value of the shares of Stock at exercise less the Option price paid. The Belgian Employer will report details of Option benefits at exercise to the Belgian tax authorities through the annual salary statement for the year in which the Options are exercised. Belgian income tax is due and payable upon receipt of the notice of assessment, with Optionee s individual tax return for the income year of exercise. 
    
  At sale  : In principle, no Belgian tax consequences. The Company and its Affiliated Companies make no guarantee of any tax consequences to Optionee, as laws and guidance may change. In the case of any such changes, Optionee will accept the possibility of corresponding changes in the Company s obligation in respect of reporting and withholding. 
    
  Social security:   Save in certain circumstances, social security contributions may be due on the Option. However, the Company makes no representation in such respect.   
    
  Declining Options 
    
  If the Optionee declines the Options, no tax will be owed at any time, but the Options will be declared null and void. 
    
  Special note for international service associates 
    
  Individuals resident in Belgium who are on international assignment under a Company or an Affiliated Company program are requested to accept the Options after 60 days of the date of offer. Should an international assignee accept the Options prior to 60 days from the date of offer, any taxes due on the grant of the Options shall be the international assignee s personal responsibility and shall not be covered by a tax equalization policy, if any. 
     
  Belgium Offer Document 
    
  Sign here to accept or decline the grant: 
    
  Check one of the following three lines: 
    
  1. _____________ Accept within 60-day period 
    
  I accept within the 60-day period (before [date   60 days after Option Offer Date]) and commit to hold and not to exercise the Options before the end of the third calendar year following the year of offer. By accepting the Options within 60 days of the date of the offer, the Options will be taxed in the tax year in which they are accepted. I acknowledge that these taxes are required to be paid even if the Options are later forfeited for any reason and/or I am not actually able to realize value from the Options. 
    
  If you have selected Option 1, please select one of the following: 
    
  _______ ACCEPT ALL: I hereby accept all of the number of Options granted in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan, acknowledge that I have read this Agreement and the Plan, and agree to be bound by this Agreement, the Plan and the actions of the Committee. I also declare not to exercise the above Options prior to [date]. 
    
  _______ ACCEPT PART: I hereby accept part of the Options granted in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Plan. I ACCEPT ONLY OF THE OPTIONS GRANTED. I acknowledge that I have read this Agreement and the Plan, and agree to be bound by this Agreement, the Plan and the actions of the Committee. I also declare not to exercise the above Options prior to [date]. I decline the remaining number of Options granted. 
    
  2. _____________ Accept after the 60-day period 
    
  I accept after the 60-day period (a date no less than the 61   st    date following the Grant date).  By accepting the Options at least 60 days after the date of the offer, under current guidance from the Belgian tax authorities, the Options will be taxed at the time Options are exercised.  The taxable benefits is the difference between the actual value of the shares of Stock at exercise less the Option price paid. The Company and its Affiliated Companies make no guarantee of any tax consequences to the Optionee, as laws and guidance may change. 
    
  3. _____________ DECLINE ALL:   I hereby decline all of the Options granted. 

Optionee Signature 

Date of Signature 

Warning: If the Optionee does not accept all or part of the grant by checking the first or second line, signing above, and returning this Agreement prior to the date that is 90-days following the Grant Date, then the Company may declare the Option grant null and void. Also, in the unfortunate event that death occurs before this Agreement has been so accepted then this Option grant will be voided, which means the Options cannot be transferred to the Optionee s heirs pursuant to the Optionee s will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
    
  INSTRUCTIONS FOR RETURNING SIGNED GRANT AGREEMENT  : 
    
  Deliver to: Vice-President, Total Rewards, Sysco Corporation.  Attention: Stock Plan Administration, 1390 Enclave Parkway, Houston, Texas 77077.   

CANADA 
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  The following provisions supplement Section 19(b) of the Agreement: 
    
   Disability  means disability as defined in the Employer s long-term disability policy.   
    
  Termination of Employment 
    
  The following provision supplements Section 9(g) of the Agreement: 
    
  In the event of the Optionee s termination of employment for any reason (whether or not later found invalid or in breach of local employment laws or the terms of the Optionee s employment agreement, if any), any unvested portion of the Option shall be immediately forfeited without consideration.  For purposes of the preceding sentence, the Optionee s right to vest in the Option will terminate effective as of the earlier of the following dates: (i) the date on which the Optionee s employment is terminated; (ii) the date the Optionee receives written notice of termination of employment from the Company or one of its Subsidiaries; or (iii) the date the Optionee is no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries.  The right to vest in and exercise the Option (as discussed above) will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., active service would not include any contractual, statutory or common law notice period or period during which the Optionee is in receipt of pay in lieu of such notice or severance pay, or any period of  garden leave  or similar period mandated under Canadian laws or the terms of the Optionee s employment or service agreement, if any). The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Optionee is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Optionee (including whether the Optionee may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence).  
  Data Privacy 
  The following provision supplements Section 13 of the Agreement: 
    
  The Optionee hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. The Optionee further authorizes the Company, any Affiliated Companies and any stock plan service provider that may be selected by the Company to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with their respective advisors. The Optionee further authorizes the Company and any Affiliated Companies to record such information and to keep such information in the Optionee s employee file. 
   Language Consent 
  The following terms and conditions apply to the Optionee if resident in Quebec: 
  The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
    
  Consentement relatif   la langue utilis e 
    
  Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  que cette convention ( Agreement ) soit r dig e en anglais, ainsi que tous les documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires,  x cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement   la pr sente.     
  Payment of Exercise Price and Taxes 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or in Sections 7 or 10 of this Agreement, no Tax-Related Items may be paid by delivery of shares of Stock or by having the Company withhold or retain shares of Stock otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Option.  
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or in Section 7 of this Agreement, the exercise price of the Option may not be paid by delivery of shares of Stock or by having the Company withhold or retain shares of Stock otherwise issuable upon exercise of the Option. 
    
  Notifications 
    
  Securities Law Information 
    
  The Optionee is permitted to sell Shares acquired through the Plan through the designated broker appointed by the Company, provided the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed (  i.e.  , New York Stock Exchange). 
    
  Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information 
    
  Canadian residents are required to report any foreign property (  e.g.  , Shares acquired under the Plan and possibly unvested Options) on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of their foreign property exceeds C$100,000 at any time in the year. It is the Optionee s responsibility to comply with these reporting obligations, and the Optionee should consult his or her own personal tax advisor in this regard. 

FRANCE 
    
  Exercise Period 
    
  In section 6 of the Agreement, the words  three years  shall be replaced with the words  six months . 
    
  Responsibility for Tax 
    
  In section 10 of the Agreement, the following paragraph shall be inserted: 
    
   Each Optionee shall attach to his or her French income tax return, for the year during which he or she exercises any Option, an individual form complying with Article 91 bis-I of Appendix II to the French   code     g n ral des imp ts   (the  French Tax Code ) that states:  
    
           a. 
    that such form is established in application of Article 80 bis of the French Tax Code;  
       
           b. 
    the corporate name and the registered office of the Company or Subsidiary;  
       
           c. 
    his/ her name and address;  
       
           d. 
    the date of grant and exercise date of the Options;  
       
           e. 
    the number of Options acquired upon the exercise of the Options, the exercise price per value of the shares as at the exercise date, and, if relevant, the  discount  on the share which is greater than 5 per cent. For the purpose of this clause,  discount  means the difference between the average middle market quotation for a share over the twenty Dealing Days preceding the Grant Date and the exercise price; and 
       
           f. 
    the French-source portion of the gain realised on the exercise date.  
       
  Definitions 
    
  The definition of the  Plan  in the Agreement shall be replaced with the following: 
    
   the Sysco 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan and its Addendum providing for terms and conditions applicable to French Grantees, as amended (together, the  Plan )   
    
  In section 19(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
    Qualified Disability  means any disability which is ranked in the second or third categories as set out under Article L.341-4 of the French Social Security Code.   
    
  All references to  Disability  in the Agreement shall be replaced with  Qualified Disability . 
    
  Mobility 
    
  Section 27 of the Agreement shall be deleted.  
    
  Option Intended to be Tax-Qualified 
    
  The Option is granted under the sections L. 225-177 to L. 225-186-1 of the French Commercial Code, as amended ( French-qualified Options ).   
    
  The French-qualified Option exercise price per Share will be no less than: 
    
           a. 
    in relation to Options to subscribe for new shares issued by the Company, 80 per cent. of the average middle market quotation for a Share on the New York Stock Exchange     for the 20 Dealing Days preceding the Grant Date; and 
       
           b. 
    in relation to Options to acquire existing shares of the Company:  
       
           i. 
    80 per cent. of the average middle market quotation for a Share on the New York Stock Exchange     for the 20 Dealing Days preceding the Grant Date; and 
       
           ii. 
    in any case, not less than 80 per cent. of the average middle acquisition price of Shares acquired by the Company for the purpose of granting Options and held by the Company for the same purpose as at the Grant Date.  
       
  The Company does not undertake to continue to maintain the qualified status of this French-qualified Option.  The Optionee understands and agrees that he or she will be responsible for paying personal income tax and   the   Optionee s portion of social security contributions resulting from the exercise of this Option in the event this Option loses its qualified status and   the   Optionee will not be entitled to any damages if the Option no longer qualifies as French-qualified Option. 
    
  The French qualified Option will expire on the earlier of: (a) six months after the date of   the   Optionee s death and (b) the Option Expiration Date noted above.  If   the   Optionee s employment is terminated because of death, the unvested portion of   the   Optionee s French-qualified Option will immediately vest and become exercisable by   the   Optionee s estate or heirs on the termination date for a period of six months following   the   Optionee s death.  If   the   Optionee s heirs do not exercise the French-qualified Option within six months of   the   Optionee s death, the French-qualified Option will be forfeited and   the   Optionee s heirs will not be able to exercise the French-qualified Option. 
    
  Language Consent 
    
  By accepting the Option,   the   Optionee confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in English language. The Optionee accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. The Optionee confirms that   the   Optionee has a good knowledge of the English language. 
    
  En acceptant l Option, le Titulaire de l Option confirme avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs   cette Option (le Plan et ce Contrat) qui ont  t  fournis en langue anglaise. Le Titulaire de l Option accepte les termes de ces documents en connaissance de cause. Etant pr cis  que le Titulaire de l Option a une bonne ma trise de la langue anglaise 
    
  Notifications 
    
  Securities Disclaimer 
    
  The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in France. 
    
  Foreign Asset/Account Information 
    
  The Optionee may hold shares of Stock acquired upon exercise of the Option, any proceeds resulting from the sale of shares of Stock or any dividends paid on such shares of Stock outside of France, provided   the   Optionee declares all foreign bank and brokerage accounts (including any accounts that were opened or closed during the tax year) with his or her annual income tax return. Failure to complete this reporting may trigger penalties for the resident. 
  Notifications 
  Securities Disclaimer 
    
  The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in France. 

IRELAND 
    
  Exercise Period 
    
  The following provisions shall supplement Section 6 of the Agreement:  
    
   Solely for the purposes of this Agreement, and not withstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Optionee s employment or service will be deemed to terminate, and severance of Optionee s employment relationship will be deemed to occur, on the date that the Optionee ceases to be actively employed by or actively provide services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Accordingly, in the event of termination of the Optionee s employment or service, the Option shall cease to vest, and the exercise     period following severance of the Optionee s employment relationship shall be measured from, the date of cessation of active employment or service and shall not be extended by any notice period mandated or implied under local law, contract or otherwise during which the Optionee is not actually actively employed or providing services or during or for which the Optionee receives pay in lieu of notice or severance pay or is on garden leave or similar leave. The Company shall have the sole discretion to determine when the Optionee is no longer actively employed or actively providing services for purposes of this Agreement, without reference to any other agreement, written or oral, including the Optionee s contract of employment or service.  
    
  Responsibility for Tax 
    
  The following provisions shall supplement section 10 of the Agreement:  
    
   Regardless of any action the Company (or any Subsidiary) takes with respect to any or all Taxes, the Optionee acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Taxes is and remains the Optionee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company (or any Subsidiary). the Optionee further acknowledges that the Company and its Subsidiaries (including the Optionee s employer) (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Taxes in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any shares of common stock acquired at exercise; and (ii) do not commit to, and are under no obligation to, structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Optionee s liability for Taxes or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Optionee is subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Optionee acknowledges that the Company and/or its Subsidiaries (including the Optionee s employer or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Taxes in more than one jurisdiction.  
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  The following provisions supplement Section 19(b) of the Agreement: 
    
   Disability  means disability as defined in the   Employer s long-term disability policy. 
    
  The following provision shall be inserted as section 19(c) of the Agreement:  
    
    Taxes  means any income tax or national contributions or any other payroll or statutory taxes or payment on account of obligations or other payments which the Committee determines must be withheld, collected or accounted for.  
    
  Notifications 
    
  Securities Disclaimer 
    
  The participation in the Plan is exempt or excluded from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Directive as implemented in Ireland. 
    
  UNITED KINGDOM 
    
  Exercise Period 
    
  The following provisions shall supplement section 6 of the Agreement:  
    
   Solely for the purposes of this Agreement, and not withstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Optionee s employment or service will be deemed to terminate, and severance of the Optionee s employment relationship will be deemed to occur, on the date that the Optionee ceases to be actively employed by or actively provide services to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. Accordingly, in the event of termination of the Optionee s employment or service, the Option shall cease to vest, and the exercise     period following severance of the Optionee s employment relationship shall be measured from, the date of cessation of active employment or service and shall not be extended by any notice period mandated or implied under local law, contract or otherwise during which the Optionee is not actually actively employed or providing services or during or for which the Optionee receives pay in lieu of notice or severance pay or is on garden leave or similar leave. The Company shall have the sole discretion to determine when the Optionee is no longer actively employed or actively providing services for purposes of this Agreement, without reference to any other agreement, written or oral, including the Optionee s contract of employment or service.  
    
  Responsibility for Taxes 
    
  The following provisions shall supplement section 10 of the Agreement:  
    
   Regardless of any action the Company (or any Subsidiary) takes with respect to any or all Taxes, the Optionee acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Taxes is and remains the Optionee s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company (or any Subsidiary). the Optionee further acknowledges that the Company and its Subsidiaries (including the Optionee s employer) (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Taxes in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option or the subsequent sale of any shares of common stock acquired at exercise; and (ii) do not commit to, and are under no obligation to, structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate the Optionee s liability for Taxes or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Optionee is subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Optionee acknowledges that the Company and/or its Subsidiaries (including the Optionee s employer or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Taxes in more than one jurisdiction. 
    
  At the request of the Company at any time before the exercise of an Option, the Optionee must elect, to the extent permitted by law, and using a form approved by Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ), that the whole or any part of the liability for national insurance contributions ( NICs ) arising as a result of a taxable event attributable to the Option or the Optionee s participation in the plan shall be transferred to the Optionee. 
    
  If payment or withholding of income taxes is not made within ninety (90) days of the end of the tax year in which the income tax liability arises, or such other period specified in section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the  Due Date ), the amount of any uncollected income tax shall constitute a loan owed by   the   Optionee to the Employer, effective on the Due Date. The Optionee understands and agrees that the loan will bear interest at the then-current official rate of HMRC, it will be immediately due and repayable by   the   Optionee, and Company and/or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in section 10 of the Agreement. 
        
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if   the   Optionee is a director or an executive officer (as within the meaning of section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended),   the   Optionee will not be eligible for such a loan to cover the uncollected income tax. In the event that   the   Optionee is a director or executive officer and the income tax is not collected from or paid by   the   Optionee by the Due Date,   the   Optionee understands that the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to   the   Optionee on which additional income tax and NICs may be payable. The Optionee will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing Company or the Employer (as appropriate) for the value of any employee NICs due on this additional benefit, which Company and/or the Employer may recover from   the   Optionee by any of the means referred to in section 10 of the Agreement. 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  The following provisions supplement Section 19(b) of the Agreement: 
    
   Disability  means disability as defined in the   Employer s long-term disability policy.    
    
  The following provision shall be inserted as Section 19(c) of the Agreement:  
    
    Taxes  means any income tax or national contributions or any other payroll or statutory taxes or payment on account of obligations or other payments which the Committee determines must be withheld, collected or accounted for.  

Notifications 
  Securities Disclosure 
  This Agreement is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of section 85(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ( FSMA ) and no offer of transferable securities to the public (for the purposes of section 102B of FSMA) is being made in connection with the Plan. The Plan and the Options are exclusively available in the UK to bona fide employees and former employees and any other Company UK Subsidiary. 
    
  SPAIN 
    
  Terms and Conditions 
    
  When exercised, all or a portion of this Option may trigger Spanish taxation laws, including the potential application of specific tax benefits, which will be determined on a case by case basis. 
    
  Language Consent 
  By accepting the Option, the Grantee confirms having read and understood the documents relating to this grant (the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in English language.  The Grantee accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. The Grantee confirms that the Grantee has a good knowledge of the English language. 
  Con la aceptaci n del Incentivo, el Beneficiario confirma haber le do y entendido el documento relativo a la concesi n de incentivos (el Plan y el Contrato) que le han sido entregados en ingl s. El Beneficiario acepta los t rminos de los documentos y confirma que tiene buen conocimiento de la lengua inglesa. 
    
  Definitions 
    
  In section 19(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
   Disability  means disability as defined in the Employer s long-term disability policy. 

SWEDEN 
    
  Terms and Conditions  
    
  Electronic Delivery and Acceptance  
    
  In Section 12 of the Agreement, the following sentence shall be deleted: 
    
   The Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Company may provide personal information regarding the Optionee and any award of Options under the Plan, included but not limited to this Option, to any third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative or brokerage services related to the Plan.  
    
  Definitions 
    
  In section 19(a) of the Agreement, the definition of  Retirement in Good Standing  shall be deleted.  
    
  In Section 19(b) of the Agreement, the definition of  Disability  shall be replaced with the following: 
    
   Disability  means the Optionee is entitled to full disability pension which is not for a fixed period under the National Insurance Act (1962:381). 

Form approved August 2016 
  SO13USCA-3 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 exhibit104-protectivecoven.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.4 

Sysco Protective Covenants Agreement 

This Sysco Protective Covenants Agreement (   Agreement   ) is between Employee,     and Sysco Corporation (   Company )  , collectively referred to as the    parties.    
    
  WHEREAS, Company seeks to promote, place, or retain Employee in a position of special trust and confidence, and Employee wishes to accept such a position; and, as a condition of such employment relationship and the benefits being provided pursuant to Section 1.1 below, the parties seek to protect Company s Confidential Information (as defined below), inventions and discoveries, specialized training, and its customer relationships and other goodwill; the parties agree as follows:  
    
  SECTION 1  .    Benefits and Responsibilities of Employment. 
    
  1.1      Position of Trust.    Because Employee is being placed into a position of trust and confidence, Company will provide Employee with one or more of the following: (a) portions of the Company s Confidential Information and/or updates thereto; (b) authorization to communicate with customers and prospective customers, and the ability to develop goodwill with them; and/or (c) authorization to participate in specialized training related to Company s business and customers.  Company agrees to provide Employee these items in exchange for and in reliance upon Employee s promise to abide by the restrictions in this Agreement. 
    
  1.2      Duty of Loyalty and Conflicts of Interest.      During employment Employee will dedicate all of his or her working time to the Company and use best efforts to perform the duties assigned, remain loyal, comply with Company policies and procedures, and avoid conflicts of interest. It shall be considered a conflict of interest for Employee to knowingly assist or take steps to form or further a competing business enterprise while employed with the Company.  Employee will promptly inform the Company of any business opportunities related to the Company s lines of business that Employee becomes aware of during employment, and any such opportunities shall be considered the intellectual property of the Company whether pursued by the Company or not. Nothing in this Agreement shall eliminate, reduce, or otherwise remove any legal duties or obligations that Employee would otherwise have to the Company through common law or statute. 
    
  SECTION 2.          Confidentiality and Business Interests  .   
    
  2.1       Definition of Confidential Information  .    Confidential Information    refers to an item of information, or a compilation of information, in any form (tangible or intangible), related to the Company s business that Company has not made public or authorized public disclosure of, and that is not generally known to the public or to other persons who might obtain value or competitive advantage from its disclosure or use.  Confidential Information will not lose its protected status under this Agreement if it becomes generally known to the public or to other persons through improper means such as the unauthorized use or  
  
                                 1 

Exhibit 10.4 

disclosure of the information by Employee or another person. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to: (a) Company s business plans and analysis, customer and prospect lists, internal reports, internal business-related communications, marketing plans and strategies, research and development data, data compilations regarding buying practices, human resources information obtained from a confidential personnel file (such as internal evaluations of the performance, capability and potential of any employee of the Company Affiliates), financial reports, operational analysis data, methods, techniques, technical data, know-how, innovations, computer programs, un-patented inventions, and trade secrets; and (b) information about the business affairs of third parties (including, but not limited to, clients and acquisition targets) that such third parties provide to Company in confidence.  Confidential Information will include trade secrets, but an item of Confidential Information need not qualify as a trade secret to be protected by this Agreement.  Company s confidential exchange of information with a third party for business purposes will not remove it from protection under this Agreement.  Employee acknowledges that items of Confidential Information are Company s valuable assets and have economic value, actual or potential, because they are not generally known by the public or others who could use them to their own economic benefit and/or to the competitive disadvantage of the Company, and thus, should be treated as Company s trade secrets.     Confidential Information does not include information lawfully acquired by a non-management employee about wages, hours or other terms and conditions of non-management employees if used by them for purposes protected by  7 of the National Labor Relations Act (the NLRA) such as joining or forming a union, engaging in collective bargaining, or engaging in other concerted activity for their mutual aid or protection. 
    
    2.2.     Unauthorized Use or Disclosure  .    Employee agrees he or she will not engage in any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information (as defined above), or knowingly use Confidential Information to harm or compromise the interests of the Company.  The foregoing restriction will apply throughout Employee s employment and thereafter for so long as the information at issue continues to qualify as a trade secret or Confidential Information as defined above. Employee understands this means he or she may not use or disclose Confidential Information in any manner that is not within the course and scope of employment with the Company and undertaken for the benefit of the Company. If compelled to disclose information via court order, subpoena, or other legal mandate, Employee will give Company as much written notice as possible under the circumstances, will refrain from use or disclosure for as long as the law allows, and will cooperate with Company to protect such information, including taking every reasonable step to protect against unnecessary disclosure.  However, nothing in this Agreement, including the foregoing, prevents Employee from communicating with the EEOC, the SEC, the DOL, or any other governmental authority, making a report in good faith and with a reasonable belief of any violations of law or regulation to a governmental authority, or cooperating with or participating in a legal proceeding relating to such violations. 
    
  2.3.    Employee Recordkeeping, Computer Use, and Mobile Devices  .    (a) Employee agrees to use the authorizations, Confidential Information, and other benefits of his or her employment to further the business interests of the Company.  Employee  
  
                                 2 

Exhibit 10.4 

agrees to preserve and not destroy records on current and prospective Company customers, suppliers, and other business relationships that he or she develops or helps to develop, and not use these records in any way, directly or indirectly, to harm Company s business.  When Employee terminates employment with Company, or earlier if so requested, he or she will return to Company all documents, records, and materials of any kind in his or her possession or under his or her control, incorporating Confidential Information or otherwise, relating to Company s business, and any copies thereof (electronic or otherwise), other than documents regarding Employee s individual compensation, such as pay stubs and benefit plan booklets.  Employee agrees that the obligation to return property extends to all information and property, not just Confidential Information.  (b) Employee agrees not to use the Company s computers, servers, email systems, or other electronic communication or storage devices for personal gain, to compete or prepare to compete, or to otherwise knowingly compromise a business interest of the Company; any activity in violation of this provision shall be considered unauthorized use harmful to the Company s business systems. (c) Upon request, Employee will provide for inspection any personal electronic storage devices that Company believes may contain Confidential Information, in a state that makes inspection possible, to permit Company to confirm that Employee has completely removed all Confidential Information from the devices. If Employee stores any Company information with a third-party service provider (such as Yahoo, DropBox or iCloud), Employee consents to the service provider s disclosure of such information to the Company.  Where allowed by law, Employee will execute any additional authorizations required by the service provider to disclose the Company s information to the Company. 
    
  2.4      Protected Activities  .    The obligations in Section 2 are intended     to maintain the confidentiality of the Company s trade secrets and private and confidential information, to prevent the use of Company records to assist a Competitor (defined below), and to prohibit unauthorized access to and use of Company computers.  Nothing in this Section 2, or in this Agreement generally, is intended to, or shall be construed to prohibit any use or disclosure of information that is protected by law, to prohibit a disclosure compelled by law, to prohibit lawful testimony, to interfere with law enforcement by a duly authorized law enforcement agency, or to prohibit the reporting of an illegal act to any duly authorized law enforcement agency.  Nothing herein shall be construed to prohibit a non-managerial employee covered by the National Labor Relations Act (the  Act ) from exercising his or her rights under Section 7 of the Act, by for example, communicating with fellow employees or union representatives about Terms and Conditions Information.   Terms and Conditions Information  refers to information concerning the wages, hours and terms and conditions of employment, or similar matters that are the subject of a labor dispute covered by the Act.       
    
  SECTION 3  .    Protective Covenants.    Employee agrees that the following covenants are, (i) ancillary to the other enforceable agreements contained in the Agreement and (ii) reasonable and necessary to protect the Company s legitimate business interests.  
    
  3.1.      Definitions Related to Protective Covenants  . 
  
                                 3 

Exhibit 10.4 

(a).       Covered Customer    is a Company customer (person or entity) with which the Employee was involved in business-related contact or dealings in the two (2) year period preceding the end of Employee s employment with the Company or such shorter period as the Employee may have been employed (the    Look Back Period   ).  A customer is understood to include a person or entity with whom the Company is doing business, negotiating to do business, or actively pursuing a business relationship. 
    
  (b)       Conflicting Product or Service    is a product and/or service that would displace or compete with any product or service of the Company that Employee was involved in or was provided Confidential Information about during the Look Back Period (which is presumed to be all products and services of the Company during the Look Back Period due to the nature of Employee s position unless employee can show otherwise by clear and convincing evidence).  This includes, without limitation, products and services under development by the Company during the Look Back Period.  Some examples of conflicting produces or services would be the manufacturing, distribution and/or sale of the food or related nonfood products (including, without limitation, paper products, such as disposable napkins, plates and cups, tableware, such as china and silverware, restaurant and kitchen equipment and supplies, medical and surgical supplies, cleaning supplies, and personal care guest amenities, housekeeping supplies, room accessories and hotel and motel textiles) distributed by the Company and/or its operating companies during the Look Back Period to restaurants, healthcare and educational facilities, lodging establishments or other similar customers of the Company.   
    
  (c)       Competitor    means any person or entity, or division or subsidiary of an entity, that engages in the same line of business as the Company (a line of business that involves providing a Conflicting Product or Service to customers or prospective customers of the Company).   
    
  3.2      Restriction on Interfering with Employee Relationships  .    Employee agrees that for a period of one year following the end of Employee's employment with Company, Employee will not knowingly: solicit, induce or encourage an employee of the Company to leave the Company (regardless of who first initiates the communication); help identify or evaluate Company employees for recruitment away from the Company; or, help any person or entity hire an employee away from Company.  Nothing herein is intended to prohibit generalized solicitation activity via public media (such as the publication of want ads) that are not targeted at the Company s employees.  
    
  3.3.        Restriction on Interfering with Customer Relationships  .    Employee agrees that for a period of one year following the end of Employee's employment with Company, Employee will not, in person or through others, solicit or communicate (regardless of who initiates the communication) with a Covered Customer to induce or encourage the Covered Customer to: stop or reduce doing business with Company; or, to buy or refer persons to a Conflicting Product or Service.  The parties agree this restriction is inherently reasonable in its geography because it is limited to the places or locations  
  
                                 4 

Exhibit 10.4 

where the Covered Customer is doing business at the time.  In the unlikely event that an additional geographic restriction is required by applicable law in order for this restriction to be enforceable, then this restriction shall be considered applicable to the Restricted Area (defined below). 

3.4.      Restriction on Unfair Competition  .    Employee agrees that for a period of one year following the end of Employee's employment with Company, Employee will not:  accept a job that involves, participate in, provide, supervise, or manage (as an employee, consultant, contractor, officer, owner, director, or otherwise) any activities or services for a Competitor in the Restricted Area (defined below) that are the same as, or similar in function or purpose to, those Employee performed or participated in during the Look Back Period on behalf of the Company.  Assisting in the business activities of a Competitor in the Restricted Area means assisting with business within the relevant Territory (see Exhibit A) or any state within the United States where Employee has regularly engaged in business activities for the Company in person, by phone, or through correspondence during the Look Back Period if Employee s job is not limited to a specific territory.  This Paragraph is not intended to prohibit: (i) activities on behalf of an independently operated subsidiary, division, or unit of a diversified corporation or similar business that has common ownership with a Competitor so long as the business of the independently operated business unit does not involve a Conflicting Product or Service; or, (ii) a passive and non-controlling ownership interest in a Competitor through ownership of less than 2% of the stock in a publicly traded company. 
    
  3.5  .      Clarification of Restrictions  .     In the event that the meaning of a material portion of  a post-employment restriction applicable to Employee is not clear to Employee at the time his or her employment with the Company ends (such as the boundaries for applicable geographic area, scope of activity, or applicable time frame), Employee will contact a duly authorized representative of the Human Resources Department or Legal Department of the Company in writing in order to get a clarification of the restriction prior to engaging in any activity that could reasonably be anticipated to fall within the restriction.  Employee understands that the failure to seek such a clarification may waive Employee s right to later claim confusion over the scope or application of a restriction.  
    
  3.6.      Survival of Restrictions.      (a) Before accepting new employment, Employee will advise the prospective future employer of the restrictions in this Agreement.  And, Employee agrees that the Company may advise a future employer or prospective employer of this Agreement and the Company s position on the potential application of this Agreement to Employee and Employee agrees that he or she will not assert that the Company s doing so constitutes actionable interference or defamation.  (b) The Agreement s post-employment obligations will survive the termination of Employee's employment with Company, regardless of the cause of the termination, and shall, likewise, continue to apply and be valid notwithstanding any change in Employee s duties, compensation, responsibilities, position or title and/or the assignment of this Agreement by the Company to any successor in interest or other assignee.  (c) If Employee violates one of the post- 
  
                                 5 

Exhibit 10.4 

employment restrictions in this Agreement on which there is a specific time limitation, the time period for that restriction will be extended by one day for each day Employee violates it, up to a maximum extension of time that equals the originally proscribed period of time, so as to give Company the full benefit of the bargained-for length of forbearance and no more. (d) If a court finds any of the Agreement s restrictions unenforceable as written, it is the intention of the parties that the Court revise or reduce the restriction (for the jurisdiction covered by that court only) so as to make it enforceable to protect Company s interests to the maximum extent legally allowed within that jurisdiction.  (e) If Employee becomes employed with or provides services or assistance to a parent or affiliate entity of the Company, the parent or affiliate will be construed to be included within the definition of the Company and will have the same rights of enforcement and protection as the Company. 
    
  SECTION 4  .    Special Remedies  .  If Employee breaches or threatens to breach any of the restrictions or related obligations in this Agreement, the Company may recover: (i) an order of specific performance or declaratory relief; (ii) injunctive relief by temporary restraining order, temporary injunction, and/or permanent injunction; (iii) damages; (iv) attorney's fees and costs incurred in obtaining relief; and (v) any other legal or equitable relief or remedy allowed by law.  The parties agree that One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) shall be a reasonable amount of the bond to be posted if an injunction is sought by Company to enforce this Agreement and a bond is required.  
    
  SECTION 5  .    Severability, Waiver, Modification, Assignment, Governing Law  .    (a) It is the intention of the parties that     if any provision of the Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, notwithstanding the power to modify this Agreement under Section 3.6(d), all other provisions will remain in full force and effect, as if the void, illegal, or unenforceable provision is not part of the Agreement.  (b) If either party waives his, her, or its right to pursue a claim for the other s breach of any provision of the Agreement, the waiver will not extinguish that party s right to pursue a claim for a subsequent breach.  (c) Except where otherwise expressly indicated, the Agreement contains the parties  entire agreement concerning the matters covered in it.  The Agreement may not be waived, modified, altered or amended except by written agreement of all parties or by court order. (d) The Agreement will automatically inure to the benefit of Company s successors, assigns, and merged entities, as well as the Company s affiliates, subsidiaries, and parent(s); and, this Agreement may be enforced by any one or more of the foregoing, without need of any further authorization or agreement from Employee.  (e) Employee consents to and agrees to the personal jurisdiction of the Courts located in Houston, Texas over him or her, and waives his or her right to object to the contrary.  (f) The laws of the Texas will govern the Agreement, the construction of its terms, and the interpretation of the rights and duties of the parties, regardless of any conflicts of law principles of any state that may be to the contrary.  (g) The exclusive forum and venue for any legal action arising from this Agreement that can be pursued in a court of law will be a court of competent jurisdiction in Houston, Texas, and Employee consents to the personal jurisdiction of such a court over him or her; provided, however, that if despite Employee s express consent herein it is found that no court in  
  
                                 6 

Exhibit 10.4 

Houston, Texas, has personal jurisdiction over Employee, venue will be proper in the state where Employee last regularly worked for the Company.   
    
  SECTION 6  .    Jury Trial Waiver  .    The parties hereby waive their right to jury trial on any legal dispute arising from or relating to this Agreement.   
    
  SECTION 7.          Resolution for Incumbent Employee.    This section applies only if Employee is already a current employee of Company at the time this Agreement is made.   
    
    7.1.   Settlement Purpose  .    Employee has received Confidential Information, specialized training and/or business goodwill with customers through paid employment with the Company with the understanding that this was for the benefit of the Company.  Due to the position of trust and confidence held by Employee some post-employment activities would by their nature deprive the Company of the benefit of its Confidential Information and other investments in Employee and cause irreparable harm which justifies post-employment restrictions.  However, the nature and scope of the post-employment restrictions that are reasonable and necessary to balance the parties interests is an unresolved matter between the parties.  Accordingly, an important purpose of this Agreement is to fully settle and resolve such uncertainties and provide a set of predictable boundaries upon which the parties may rely to avoid future disputes.  Thus, this Agreement will be enforced subject to public policies favoring settlement or resolution agreements.   
    
  Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to create a contract of employment for a definite period of time or to prohibit either party from having the freedom to end the employment relationship at-will, with or without cause.  
    
  AGREED to and effective as of the date of Employee s acceptance, or the first day of Employee s employment if executed prior to active employment. 

7 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-12.1>
 6
 exhibit121-ratioofearnings.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-15.1>
 7
 a31321151reviewreportofind.htm
 EXHIBIT 15.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 15.1 
    
  REVIEW REPORT     OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
  Sysco Corporation 
    
  We have reviewed the consolidated balance sheets of Sysco Corporation (a Delaware Corporation) and subsidiaries as of October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015, and the related consolidated results of operations and consolidated statements of comprehensive income and cash flows for the thirteen week periods ended October 1, 2016 and September 26, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.  
    
  We conducted our review in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  A review of interim financial information consists principally of applying analytical procedures and making inquiries of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters.  It is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the objective of which is the expression of an opinion regarding the financial statements taken as a whole. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. 
    
  Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the consolidated financial statements referred to above for them to be in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
    
  We have previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet of Sysco Corporation and subsidiaries as of July 2, 2016, and the related consolidated results of operations, statements of comprehensive income and shareholders  equity, and cash flows for the year then ended (not presented herein) and in our report dated August 29, 2016, we expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.    
    
  In our opinion, the information set forth in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of July 2, 2016, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the consolidated balance sheet from which it has been derived. 
    
  /s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
  Houston, Texas 
  November 7, 2016 

</EX-15.1>

<EX-15.2>
 8
 a31322152acknowledgementle.htm
 EXHIBIT 15.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 15.2 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 
  Sysco Corporation 
    
  We are aware of the incorporation by reference of our report dated November 7, 2016 relating to the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of Sysco Corporation and subsidiaries that are included in its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 1, 2016 in the following registration statements. 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-3        File No. 333-206568 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-3        File No. 333-126199 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-4        File No. 333-50842 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-8        File No. 333-147338 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-8        File No. 33-45820 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-8        File No. 333-58276 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-8        File No. 333-163189 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-8        File No. 333-163188 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-8        File No. 333-170660 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-8        File No. 333-192353 
    
  Sysco Corporation Form S-8        File No. 333-201216 

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
  Houston, Texas 
  November 7, 2016 

</EX-15.2>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exhibit311-ceocertificatio.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, William J. DeLaney, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sysco Corporation; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:    November 7, 2016    
    
  /s/ WILLIAM J. DELANEY 
  William J. DeLaney 
  Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exhibit312-cfocertificatio.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Joel T. Grade, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sysco Corporation; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:    November 7, 2016    
    
  /s/ JOEL T. GRADE 
  Joel T. Grade 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exhibit321-ceocertificatio.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, William J. DeLaney, Chief Executive Officer, of Sysco Corporation (the  company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    The company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2016 ( Quarterly Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           2. 
    All of the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company. 
       
  Date:    November 7, 2016 
    
  /s/ WILLIAM J. DELANEY 
  William J. DeLaney 
  Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 exhibit322-cfocertificatio.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE  
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Joel T. Grade, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Sysco Corporation (the  company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    The company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 1, 2016 ( Quarterly Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           2. 
    All of the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company. 
       
  Date:    November 7, 2016 
    
  /s/ JOEL T. GRADE 
  Joel T. Grade 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 syy-20161001.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 syy-20161001.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 syy-20161001_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 syy-20161001_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 syy-20161001_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 syy-20161001_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

