<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161222_10-K_edgar_data_40570_0001477932-16-014233_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4710688</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>243628</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>286796</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1011119</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1837586</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1091421</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>106</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-16-014233.hdr.sgml : 20161222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161222114506
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-16-014233
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GEE Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000040570
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EMPLOYMENT AGENCIES [7361]
		IRS NUMBER:				366097429
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05707
		FILM NUMBER:		162065653

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		184 SHUMAN BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 420
		CITY:			NAPERVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60563
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(630) 954-0400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		184 SHUMAN BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 420
		CITY:			NAPERVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60563

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GENERAL EMPLOYMENT ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OSHEA CHARLES M CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670413

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-16-014233.txt : 20161222

10-K
 1
 job_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
   job_10k.htm             
 
          UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION       WASHINGTON, DC 20549         FORM 10-K          x  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934     For the fiscal year ended  September 30, 2016          Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934     Commission File Number  1-05707                GEE GROUP INC.        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                       Illinois             36-6097429       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)         (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)                   Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   (630) 954-0400               ___________________________________________________________      (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)             Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                Title of each class             Name of each exchange on which registered       Common Stock, no par value         NYSE MKT        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes     No  x      Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes     No  x      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  x  No         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to the Form 10-K.         Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one):            Large accelerated filer           Accelerated filer             Non-accelerated filer           Smaller reporting company     x         Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No  x      The aggregate market value of shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on March 31, 2016 was 7,274,956 x $4.30 = $31,282,311.     The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of December 21, 2016 was 9,378,892.              

TABLE OF CONTENTS                      Page           PART I                            Item 1.      Business.     3                      Item 1A.      Risk Factors.     6                         Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments.     10                      Item 2.      Properties.     10                      Item 3.      Legal Proceedings.     10                      Item 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures.     10                       PART II                            Item 5.      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.     11                      Item 6.      Selected Financial Data.     12                      Item 7.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     12                      Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.     22                      Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.     F-1                      Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.     23                      Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures.     23                      Item 9B.      Other Information.     23                       PART III                            Item 10.      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.     24                      Item 11.      Executive Compensation.     31                         Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.     34                      Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.     36                      Item 14.      Principal Accountant Fees and Services.     37                       PART IV                            Item 15.      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.     38                         SIGNATURES      45                  PART I        Forward Looking Statements         This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). The Company has based these forward-looking statements on the Company s current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us and the Company s subsidiaries that may cause the Company s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   continue  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a material difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report, including the section entitled  Risk Factors  and the risks discussed in the Company s other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited Financial Statements and related Notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.          Item 1.   Business.        General      GEE Group Inc. (the  Company ,  us ,  our  or  we ) was incorporated in the State of Illinois in 1962 and is the successor to employment offices doing business since 1893. The Company has several corporations and names it does business under and are all consolidated under GEE Group, Inc. These names include Triad Personnel Services, Inc., General Employment, Ashley Ellis and Omni One.      In April 2015, the Company entered into a stock exchange agreement with Brittany M. Dewan as Trustee of the Derek E. Dewan Irrevocable Living Trust II dated the 27th of July, 2010, Brittany M. Dewan, individually, Allison Dewan, individually, Mary Menze, individually, and Alex Stuckey, individually (collectively, the  Scribe Shareholders ), pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Scribe Solutions Inc., a provider of data entry assistants (medical scribes) who specialize in electronic medical records (EMR) services for emergency departments, specialty physician practices and clinics ( Scribe ), from the Scribe Shareholders for 640,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company. In addition, the Company issued to the Scribe Shareholders warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for warrants to purchase shares of Scribe s common stock.     In July 2015, the Company entered a stock purchase agreement with Tricia Dempsey (the  Agile Seller ), pursuant to which the Company acquired on July 31, 2015, 100% of the outstanding stock of Agile Resources, Inc., a Georgia corporation and a provider of innovative IT staffing solutions and IT consulting services, for up to a total of approximately $4,000,000 in consideration, subject to certain adjustments. The purchase price consisted of $2,500,000 in cash (subject to minimum working capital), the issuance to the Agile Seller of 120,192 shares of Company common stock and up to $500,000 of an  earnout .     On October 4, 2015, the Company entered a Stock Purchase Agreement with William Daniel Dampier and Carol Lee Dampier (the  Access Sellers ) pursuant to which the Company acquired on October 4, 2015, 100% of the outstanding stock of Access Data Consulting Corporation., a Colorado corporation, for a purchase price equal to approximately $16,000,000 in consideration. The purchase price consisted of $8,000,000 in cash (subject to minimum working capital), the issuance to the Access Sellers 327,869 shares of Company common stock, a Promissory note in the aggregate of $3,000,000 and up to $2,000,000 of an  earnout . On April 4, 2016, the Company issued approximately 123,000 of additional shares of common stock to the Sellers of Access Data Consulting Corporation. This was based on market value of the stock on April 4, 2016 being approximately $544,000 less than $2,000,000 six month guaranteed and based on the closing stock price of $4.44 per common share. The Company recognized a loss on change of contingent consideration of approximately $44,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The Company also recognized a gain of approximately $2,000,000 on a change in contingent consideration, as the earnout was not achieved. In addition, the Company increased the original purchase price by approximately $600,000 related to a mutual tax election as described in the purchase agreement.                  3       
      Table of Contents          On January 1, 2016, the Company entered a Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Paladin Agreement") with Enoch S. Timothy and Dorothy Timothy . Pursuant to the terms of the Paladin Agreement the Company acquired on January 1, 2016, 100% of the outstanding stock of Paladin Consulting Inc., a Texas corporation ("Paladin"), for a purchase price (the "Purchase Price") equal to $1,750,000,  minus  the Circle Lending Loan Amount ( as defined in the Paladin Agreement)  plus  up to $1,000,000 in contingent promissory notes,  minus  the NWC Reduction Amount (as defined in the Paladin Agreement ) (if any)  plus  up to $1,250,000 of "earnouts", for a total of approximately $2,625,000.      Recent Developments      On October 9, 2015, the Company filed a certificate of change to our amended and restated articles of incorporation with the Secretary of the State of Illinois to effectuate a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock on a 1-for-10 basis (the  Reverse Stock Split ); and increased the total number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from 20,000,000, post Reverse Stock Split, to 200,000,000 (the  Capital Increase ). The Reverse Stock Split and the Capital Increase, were approved by the Company s shareholders at an annual meeting held on September 15, 2015.      The Reverse Stock Split became effective with the FINRA as of the open of business on October 9, 2015. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 10 shares of our pre-Reverse Split common stock was combined and reclassified into one share of our common stock. No fractional shares of common stock were issued as a result of the Reverse Split.     Throughout this annual report on form 10-K, each instance that refers to a number of shares of our common stock, refers to the number of shares of common stock after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, unless otherwise indicated.      On July 12, 2016, the Company filed an Articles of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the "Articles of Amendment") with the Secretary of State of Illinois to change the name of the Company to "GEE Group Inc." (the "Name Change Amendment"). The Name Change Amendment was approved by the Company's shareholders at the annual meeting held on July 12, 2016, and became effective on July 18, 2016.     The Company effected this name change to better reflect the fact that it provides and markets its staffing services under a variety of different trade names and operating brands. The Company's new CUSIP number for the Company's Common Stock, no par value, in connection with the Name Change Amendment is 36165A 201.     A form of the Articles of Amendment that was filed with the Secretary of State of Illinois was filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2016.      Services Provided      The Company and its subsidiaries provide the following services: (a) professional placement services specializing in the placement of information technology, engineering, medical data entry assistants (medical scribes) who specialize in electronic medical records (EMR) services for emergency departments, specialty physician practices and clinics and accounting professionals for direct hire and contract staffing, (b) temporary staffing services in light industrial staffing.      Together with its subsidiaries, the Company provides staffing services through a network of branch offices located in major metropolitan areas throughout the United States. The Company s professional staffing services provide information technology, engineering, medical and accounting professionals to clients on either a regular placement basis or a temporary contract basis. The Company s industrial staffing business provides weekly temporary staffing for light industrial clients, primarily in Ohio.     The percentage of revenues derived from each of the Company s continuing operations is as follows:                     4       
      Table of Contents           Marketing      The Company markets its services using the trade names General Employment Enterprises, Omni One, Business Management Personnel, Ashley Ellis, Agile Resources, Scribe Solutions Inc., Access Data Consulting Corporation, Paladin Consulting Inc., Triad Personnel Services, Triad Staffing, Generation Technologies, BMCH, and BMCHPA. As of September 30, 2016, we operated twenty branch offices in downtown or suburban areas of major U.S. cities in ten states. We have one office located in each of Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, Indiana, Illinois and Massachusetts, two offices in each of California, Texas, three offices in Florida and seven offices in Ohio.      The Company markets its staffing services to prospective clients primarily through telephone marketing by its recruiting and sales consultants, and through mailing of employment bulletins which list candidates available for placement and contract employees available for assignment.     There was no customer that represented more than 10% of the Company s consolidated revenue in fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015.      Competition      The staffing industry is highly competitive. There are relatively few barriers to entry by firms offering placement services, while significant amounts of working capital typically are required for firms offering contract services. The Company s competitors include many sole-proprietorship operations, as well as regional and national organizations. Many of them are large corporations with substantially greater resources than the Company.     The Company s professional and industrial staffing services compete by providing highly qualified candidates who are well matched for the position, by responding quickly to client requests, and by establishing offices in convenient locations. As part of its service, the Company provides professional reference checking, scrutiny of candidates  work experience and optional background checks. In general, pricing is secondary to quality of service as a competitive factor. During slow hiring periods, however, competition can put pressure on the Company s pricing.      Recruiting      The success of the Company s services is highly dependent on its ability to obtain qualified candidates. Prospective employment candidates are generally recruited over the telephone, by the Company s employment consultants or through postings on the Internet. For Internet postings, the Company maintains its own web page at www.geegroup.com and uses other Internet job posting bulletin board services. The Company maintains database records of applicants  skills to assist in matching them with job openings and contract assignments. The Company generally screens and interviews all applicants who are presented to its clients.      Employees      As of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately 147 regular employees and the number of contract service employees varied week to week from a minimum of approximately 900 to a maximum of 7,100.      Available Information      We file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy and information statements and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act. The public may obtain these filings at the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington DC 20549 or by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a web site at http//www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding the Company and other companies that file material with the SEC electronically. Copies of the Company s reports can be obtained, free of charge, electronically through our internet website, http//www.geegroup.com. Information on the Company s website is not incorporated in this report by the foregoing reference.                 5       
      Table of Contents                   Item 1A.   Risk Factors.           WE HAVE EXPERIENCED LOSSES FROM OPERATIONS AND MAY NOT BE PROFITABLE IN THE FUTURE.      The Company experienced a loss for the year ended September 30, 2015. There can be no assurance that the Company will not incur losses in the future. There are no assurances that the Company will be able to generate sufficient revenue to meet its operating expenditures or operate profitably in the future.      RECENT GLOBAL TRENDS IN THE FINANCIAL MARKETS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESULTS.      Recent global economic conditions, including disruption of financial markets, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, primarily through limiting our access to credit, our ability to refinance debt and disrupting our customers  businesses, which are heavily dependent on retail and e-commerce transactions. Although we currently believe that we will be able to obtain the necessary financing in the future, there is no assurance that these institutions will be able to loan us the necessary capital, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. In addition, continuation or worsening of general market conditions in the United States economy important to our businesses may adversely affect our customers  level of spending, ability to obtain financing for acquisitions and ability to make timely payments to us for our services, which could require us to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, negatively impact our days sales outstanding and adversely affect our results of operations.      WE DEPEND ON ATTRACTING, INTEGRATING, MANAGING, AND RETAINING QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.      Our success depends upon our ability to attract, integrate, manage and retain personnel who possess the skills and experience necessary to fulfill our clients  needs. Our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel could be impaired by any diminution of our reputation, decrease in compensation levels relative to our competitors or modifications to our total compensation philosophy or competitor hiring programs. If we cannot attract, hire and retain qualified personnel, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. Our future success also depends upon our ability to manage the performance of our personnel. Failure to successfully manage the performance of our personnel could affect our profitability by causing operating inefficiencies that could increase operating expenses and reduce operating income.      WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO COMPETE EFFECTIVELY.      Competition in the market for placement and staffing services is intense. The Company faces competition from many larger, more established companies. In addition, other companies could seek to introduce competing services and increased competition could result in a decrease in the price charged by the Company s competitors for their services or reduce demand for the Company s products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully with its existing or potential competitors, which may have substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing resources, longer operating histories, greater name recognition or more established relationships in the industry than the Company. If any of these competitors provides competitive services to the marketplace in the future, the Company cannot be sure that it will have the resources or expertise to compete successfully.      CHANGES IN GOVERNMENT REGULATION COULD LIMIT OUR GROWTH OR RESULT IN ADDITIONAL COSTS OF DOING BUSINESS.      We are subject to the same federal, state and local laws as other companies conducting placement and staffing services, which is extensive. The adoption or modification of laws related to the placement and staffing industry, such as the Healthcare for America Plan, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition by increasing our costs and administrative burdens.                 6       
      Table of Contents           INTERRUPTION OF THE COMPANY S BUSINESS COULD RESULT FROM INCREASED SECURITY MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO TERRORISM.      The continued threat of terrorism within the United States and the ongoing military action and heightened security measures in response to such threat has and may cause significant disruption to commerce. The U.S. economy in general is being adversely affected by terrorist activities and potential activities. Any economic downturn could adversely impact the Company s results of operations, impair the Company s ability to raise capital or otherwise adversely affect the Company s ability to grow the business. It is impossible to predict how this may affect the Company s business or the economy in the U.S. and in the world. In the event of further threats or acts of terrorism, the Company s business and operations may be severely and adversely affected or destroyed.      SUBSTANTIAL ALTERATION OF THE COMPANY S CURRENT BUSINESS AND REVENUE MODEL COULD HURT SHORT-TERM RESULTS.      The Company s present business and revenue model represents the current view of the optimal business and revenue structure, which is to derive revenues and achieve profitability in the shortest period. There can be no assurance that current models will not be altered significantly or replaced with an alternative model that is driven by motivations other than near-term revenues and/or profitability (for example, building market share before the Company s competitors). Any such alteration or replacement of the business and revenue model may ultimately result in the deferring of certain revenues in favor of potentially establishing larger market share. The Company cannot assure that any adjustment or change in the business and revenue model will prove to be successful.      THE REQUIREMENTS OF BEING A PUBLIC COMPANY MAY STRAIN OUR RESOURCES AND DISTRACT MANAGEMENT.      As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). These requirements are extensive. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting.     We may incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements and costs associated with applicable corporate governance requirements. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. This may divert management s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs.      FAILURE TO ACHIEVE AND MAINTAIN EFFECTIVE INTERNAL CONTROLS IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 404 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS. IN ADDITION, CURRENT AND POTENTIAL STOCKHOLDERS COULD LOSE CONFIDENCE IN OUR FINANCIAL REPORTING, WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR STOCK PRICE.      Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our operating results could be harmed. We are required to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. During the course of our testing, we may identify deficiencies which we may not be able to remediate in time for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time; we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.                 7       
      Table of Contents          We cannot provide assurance as to the result of these efforts. We cannot be certain that any measures we take will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate internal controls in the future. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.      A MORE ACTIVE, LIQUID TRADING MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK MAY NOT DEVELOP, AND THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY.      Although our common stock is listed on the NYSE MKT, we cannot assure you that an active public market will develop for our common stock. There has been relatively limited trading volume in the market for our common stock, and a more active, liquid public trading market may not develop or may not be sustained. Limited liquidity in the trading market for our common stock may adversely affect a stockholder's ability to sell its shares of common stock at the time it wishes to sell them or at a price that it considers acceptable. If a more active, liquid public trading market does not develop, we may be limited in our ability to raise capital by selling shares of common stock and our ability to acquire other companies or assets by using shares of our common stock as consideration. In addition, if there is a thin trading market or "float" for our stock, the market price for our common stock may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole. Without a large float, our common stock would be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership and, as a result, the trading prices of our common stock may be more volatile. Furthermore, the stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations, and the price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in response to several factors, including:                        our quarterly or annual operating results;                  changes in our earnings estimates;                  investment recommendations by securities analysts following our business or our industry;                  additions or departures of key personnel;                  changes in the business, earnings estimates or market perceptions of our competitors;                  our failure to achieve operating results consistent with securities analysts' projections;                  changes in industry, general market or economic conditions; and                  announcements of legislative or regulatory changes.        The stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years that have significantly affected the quoted prices of the securities of many companies, including companies in our industry. The changes often appear to occur without regard to specific operating performance. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our company and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price.      NO DIVIDENDS ANTICIPATED.      We intend to retain all future earnings for use in the development of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future.       WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN THE NECESSARY ADDITIONAL FINANCING TO ACHIEVE OUR STRATEGIC GOALS.      There is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain any additional financing that may be required to continue to expand our business. Our continued viability depends on our ability to raise capital. Changes in economic, regulatory or competitive conditions may lead to cost increases. Management may also determine that it is in our best interest to expand more rapidly than currently intended, to expand marketing activities, to develop new or enhance existing services or products, to respond to competitive pressures or to acquire complementary services, businesses or technologies. In any such case or other change of circumstance, additional financing will be necessary. If any additional financing is required, there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain such additional financing on terms acceptable to us and at times required by us, if at all. In such event, we may be required to materially alter our business plan or curtail all or a part of our expansion plans.                 8       
      Table of Contents           WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO MANAGE EXPECTED GROWTH AND INTERNAL EXPANSION.      We have not yet undergone the significant managerial and internal expansion that we expect will occur, and our inability to manage growth could hurt our results of operations. Expansion of our operations will be required to address anticipated growth of our customer base and market opportunities. Expansion will place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. Currently, we have a limited number of employees. We will need to improve existing procedures and controls as well as implement new transaction processing, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls to expand, train and manage our employee base. Our failure to manage growth effectively could have a damaging effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.      WE COULD BE HARMED BY IMPROPER DISCLOSURE OR LOSS OF SENSITIVE OR CONFIDENTIAL COMPANY, EMPLOYEE, ASSOCIATE OR CLIENT DATA, INCLUDING PERSONAL DATA.       In connection with the operation of our business, we store, process and transmit a large amount of data, including personnel and payment information, about our employees, clients, associates and candidates, a portion of which is confidential and/or personally sensitive. In doing so, we rely on our own technology and systems, and those of third party vendors we use for a variety of processes. We and our third party vendors have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. Unauthorized disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential data may occur through a variety of methods. These include, but are not limited to, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or unauthorized access to or through our information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers, members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs.      Such disclosure, loss or breach could harm our reputation and subject us to government sanctions and liability under our contracts and laws that protect sensitive or personal data and confidential information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. It is possible that security controls over sensitive or confidential data and other practices we and our third party vendors follow may not prevent the improper access to, disclosure of, or loss of such information. The potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks may increase as we introduce new services and offerings, such as mobile technology. Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions in which we provide services. Any failure or perceived failure to successfully manage the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, or any failure to comply with changing regulatory requirements in this area, could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace.      WE COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ACQUISITIONS AND JOINT VENTURES.       We intend to expand our business through investments in joint ventures with, or acquisitions of, complementary businesses, technologies, services or products, subject to our business plans and management's ability to identify, acquire and develop suitable investments or acquisition targets in both new and existing service categories. In certain circumstances, acceptable investments or acquisition targets might not be available. Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including: (1) difficulty in integrating the operations, technologies, products and personnel of an acquired business, including consolidating redundant facilities and infrastructure; (2) potential disruption of our ongoing business and the distraction of management from our day-to-day operations; (3) difficulty entering markets in which we have limited or no prior experience and in which competitors have a stronger market position; (4) difficulty maintaining the quality of services that such acquired companies have historically provided; (5) potential legal and financial responsibility for liabilities of acquired businesses; (6) overpayment for the acquired company or assets or failure to achieve anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; (7) increased expenses associated with completing an acquisition and amortizing any acquired intangible assets; (8) challenges in implementing uniform standards, accounting policies, customs, controls, procedures and policies throughout an acquired business; (9) failure to retain, motivate and integrate key management and other employees of the acquired business; and (10) loss of customers and a failure to integrate customer bases.      In addition, if we incur indebtedness to finance an acquisition, it may reduce our capacity to borrow additional amounts and require us to dedicate a greater percentage of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the cash resources available to us to fund capital expenditures, pursue other acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and meet general corporate and working capital needs. This increased indebtedness may also limit our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to our business and industry.                  9       
      Table of Contents          The use of our common stock or other securities (including those convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our common stock) to finance any such acquisition may also result in dilution of our existing shareholders.     The potential risks associated with future acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business, result in the loss of key customers or personnel, increase expenses and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.       WE FACE SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYMENT-RELATED LEGAL RISK.       We employ people internally and in the workplaces of other businesses. Many of these individuals have access to client information systems and confidential information. An inherent risk of such activity includes possible claims of errors and omissions; intentional misconduct; release, misuse or misappropriation of client intellectual property, confidential information, funds, or other property; cyber security breaches affecting our clients and/or us; discrimination and harassment claims; employment of illegal aliens; criminal activity; torts; or other claims. Such claims may result in negative publicity, injunctive relief, criminal investigations and/or charges, civil litigation, payment by us of monetary damages or fines, or other material adverse effects on our business.               Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments.          Not applicable.              Item 2.   Properties.          The Company s policy is to lease commercial office space for all of its offices. The Company s headquarters are located in a building near Chicago, Illinois. The Company leases approximately 5,000 square feet of space at that location under a lease that will expire in 2018.     The Company s staffing offices are located in downtown and suburban business centers in the following ten states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, Ohio, and Texas. Established offices are operated from leased space ranging from 800 to 7,500 square feet, generally for initial lease periods of one to five years, with cancellation clauses after certain periods of occupancy in some cases. Management believes that existing facilities are adequate for the Company s current needs and that its leasing strategies provide the Company with sufficient flexibility to open or close offices to accommodate business needs.              Item 3.   Legal Proceedings.          As of September 30, 2016, the Company was not a party to any material legal proceedings.              Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures.          Not applicable.             PART II                Item 5.   Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.           Market Information      The Company s common stock is listed on the NYSE MKT and is traded under the symbol  JOB.  The following table sets forth the quarterly high and low sales prices per share of the Company s common stock on the consolidated market for each quarter within the last two fiscal years.          Holders of Record      There were approximately 625 holders of record of the Company s common stock on December 21, 2016.      Dividends      No dividends were declared or paid during the years ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future.     During the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no equity securities of the Company were repurchased by the Company.      Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans      As of September 30, 2016, there were stock options outstanding under the Company s 1995 Stock Option Plan, Second Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Stock Option Plan and the 2011 Company Incentive Plan. All four plans were approved by the shareholders. The 1995 Stock Option Plan and the 1999 Stock Option Plan have expired, and no further options may be granted under those plans. During fiscal 2009, the Second Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan was amended to make an additional 59,200 options available for granting and as of September 30, 2013, there were no shares available for issuance under the Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan. As of September 30, 2016, there were shares available for issuance under the 2011 Company Incentive Plan, however management does not anticipate issuing any shares under this plan. The plans granted specified numbers of options to non-employee directors, and they authorized the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors to grant either incentive or non-statutory stock options to employees. Vesting periods are established by the Compensation Committee at the time of grant. All stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were non-statutory stock options, had exercise prices equal to the market price on the date of grant, and had expiration dates ten years from the date of grant.     On July 23, 2013, the Board of Directors approved the Company s 2013 Incentive Stock Plan (the  2013 Plan ), and resolved to cease issuing securities under all prior Company equity compensation plans. The 2013 Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on September 9, 2013. The purpose of the 2013 Plan is to provide additional incentives to select persons who can make, are making, and continue to make substantial contributions to the growth and success of the Company, to attract and retain the employment and services of such persons, and to encourage and reward such contributions, by providing these individuals with an opportunity to acquire or increase stock ownership in the Company through either the grant of options or restricted stock. The 2013 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee or such other committee as is appointed by the Board of Directors pursuant to the 2013 Plan (the  Committee ). The Committee has full authority to administer and interpret the provisions of the 2013 Plan including, but not limited to, the authority to make all determinations with regard to the terms and conditions of an award made under the 2013 Plan. The maximum number of shares that may be granted under the 2013 Plan is 1,000,000. This number is subject to adjustment to reflect changes in the capital structure or organization of the Company.                  (number of shares in thousands)                                                                                                    Plan category           Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights                    Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights                    Number of securities     remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in first column)                                                                Equity compensation plans approved by security holders             568            $  5.09                 470   (1)                                                                         Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders                                                                                                                               Total             568            $  5.09                 470   (1)        (1) Includes only the number of securities that could be issuable under the 2013 Plan.              Item 6.   Selected Financial Data.          Not applicable.              Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.          You should read the following discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. Management s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are provided to assist in the understanding of anticipated future performance. However, future performance involves risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. See   Forward-Looking Statements  .      Overview      We specialize in the placement of information technology, engineering, and accounting professionals for direct hire and contract staffing for our clients, and provide temporary staffing services for our light industrial clients. As a result of our acquisition of Scribe Solutions in April 2015, we now also offer data entry assistants (medical scribes) who specialize in electronic medical records (EMR) services for emergency departments, specialty physician practices and clinics. There is currently a growing need for medical scribes due to the rise in EMR being utilized for billing and documentation of health care services and the meaningful use requirements that are part of the Affordable Care Act. The acquisitions of Agile Resources, Inc. a Georgia Corporation ("Agile"), Access Data Consulting Corporation, a Colorado corporation ("Access") and Paladin Consulting Inc., a Texas corporation ("Paladin") expanded our geographical footprint within the placement and contract staffing of information technology.     Our staffing services are provided through a network of twenty branch offices located in downtown or suburban areas of major U.S. cities in ten states. We have one office located in each of Arizona, Colorado, Georgia, Indiana, Illinois and Massachusetts, two offices in each of California, and Texas, three offices in Florida and seven offices in Ohio.            Management has implemented a strategy which included cost reduction efforts as well as identifying strategic acquisitions, financed primarily through the issuance of equity and debt, to improve the overall profitability and cash flows of the Company. We believe our current segments complement one another and position us for future growth.       Results of Operations       Net Revenues      Consolidated net revenues are comprised of the following:         Consolidated net revenues increased approximately $39,687,000 or 91% compared with the same period last year. The Company acquired Scribe as of April 1, 2015, Agile as of July 31, 2015, Access as of October 4, 2015, and Paladin as of January 1, 2016, which increased the professional contract services by approximately $3,915,000, $10,725,000, $19,015,000 and $14,461,000, respectively. The Acquisition of Agile, Access and Paladin increased direct hire placement service revenue by approximately $841,000, $196,000, and $236,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2016. With the July 2015 capital raise and addition of executive management, the Company has stabilized its sales force and is investing in revenue growth. Industrial contract services were down due to the loss of a client, subsequent to the period ended March 31, 2015, with annual revenues of approximately two million dollars and due to certain non-profitable business that management eliminated. Management continues to take action to increase the number of experienced sales agents and recruiters to increase sales.       Cost of Contract Services      Consolidated cost of contract services are comprised of the following:         Cost of services includes wages and related payroll taxes and employee benefits of the Company s employees while they work on contract assignments. Cost of contract services for the year ended September 30, 2016, increased by approximately 97% to approximately $59 million compared with the prior year of approximately $30 million. Cost of contract services, as a percentage of contract revenue, for the year ended September 30, 2016, increased by approximately 2% to 72% compared to 70% in the prior year. The change in the contract revenue gross margin is related to several factors, including the addition of lower gross margin from the Paladin acquisition as of January 1, 2016, offset by higher professional service contract revenue due to acquisitions and the overall decrease in our workers' compensation rates for the state of Ohio.          Gross Profit percentage by segment:         (1) Includes gross profit from direct hire placements, which all associated costs are recorded as selling, general and administrative expenses.      Selling, General and Administrative Expenses      Selling, general and administrative expenses include the following categories:                   Compensation and benefits in the operating divisions, which includes salaries, wages and commissions earned by the Company s employment consultants and branch managers on permanent and temporary placements.                        Administrative compensation, which includes salaries, wages, payroll taxes and employee benefits associated with general management and the operation of the finance, legal, human resources and information technology functions.                        Occupancy costs, which includes office rent, depreciation and amortization, and other office operating expenses.                        Recruitment advertising, which includes the cost of identifying job applicants.                        Other selling, general and administrative expenses, which includes travel, bad debt expense, fees for outside professional services and other corporate-level expenses such as business insurance and taxes.            The Company's largest selling, general and administrative expense is for compensation in the operating divisions. Most of the Company's sales agents and recruiters are paid on a commission basis and receive advances against future commissions. When commissions are earned, prior advances are applied against them and the sales agent or recruiter is paid the net amount. The Company recognizes the full amount as commission expense, and advance expense is reduced by the amount recovered. Thus, the Company's advance expense represents the net amount of advances paid, less amounts applied against commissions, plus commission accruals for billed but uncollected revenue.      Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016, increased by approximately $6.1 million to approximately $19.9 million as compared to the prior year of approximately $13.8 million. The increase was primarily related to the general selling, general and administrative expenses of Agile, Access and Paladin following their acquisitions by the Company.      Acquisition, Integration and Restructuring Charges      Acquisition, integration and restructuring charges, legal expenses, travel expenses, finder's fees, severance agreements and other expenses that the Company has expensed as incurred and related to various transactions the Company has or expects to execute. The Company expects to have these expenses each quarter while we continue our growth strategy, however these expenses would not necessarily be incurred by the Company on a recurring basis in normal operations, without acquisitions.            The acquisition, integration and restructuring charges for the year ended September 30, 2016, increased approximately $329,000 or 88% compared with the prior year as the Company continues to evaluate potential acquisitions and perform due diligence, and complete the acquisitions of Paladin and Access during the year.       Depreciation Expense      Depreciation expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, increased $155,000, or 88% compared with the prior year, primarily as a result of the acquisitions and the depreciation of their property and equipment.      Amortization Expense      Amortization expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, increased $1,088,000, or 243% compared with the prior year, primarily as a result of the acquisitions and the related amortization of their identified intangible assets.      Change in Derivative Liability      Change in derivative liability for the year ended September 30, 2016, decreased to $0, compared with the prior year as a result of the Brio loan being fully converted to stock in the prior year.      Change in Contingent Consideration      At the time the Company makes an acquisition, the Company estimates contingent consideration, such as earn-outs or other guarantees that could affect the purchase price when the contingency is resolved. Contingent consideration is evaluated by management each quarter or when the contingency is resolved. The change in contingent consideration with respect to the Company's acquisitions was approximately $1,581,000 during the year ended September 30, 2016. The change was related to an $1,956,000 gain recognized from the reduction in Access contingent consideration as a result of a decrease in expected EBITDA, offset by a $375,000 loss recognized for the increase in Paladin expected contingent consideration as a result of an increase in their expected EBITDA.      Loss on Extinguishment of Debt      Loss on the extinguishment of debt for the year ended September 30, 2016, decreased to $0, compared with the prior year as the debt was converted during the prior year.      Interest Expense      Interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2016, increased $1,058,000, or 194% compared with the prior year primarily as a result of a new lender, the interest expense for acquisition payments and higher average borrowings during fiscal year 2016.      Liquidity and Capital Resources      The following table sets forth certain consolidated statements of cash flows data (in thousands):               As of September 30, 2016, the Company had cash of approximately $2,528,000, which was a decrease of approximately $3,404,000 from approximately $5,932,000 at September 30, 2015. Negative working capital at September 30, 2016 was approximately $(597,000), as compared to working capital of approximately $5,636,000 for September 30, 2015. The cash has been used primarily in the acquisitions of several entities. The Company s current ratio was approximately 96%, a decrease of approximately 80% from the prior year. Shareholders  equity as of September 30, 2016, was approximately $24,533,000 which represented approximately 53% of total assets. At the Company's option, approximately $500,000 of its current liabilities related to the acquisitions can be paid in stock at market price, instead of cash. The net income for the year ended September 30, 2016, was approximately $1,173,000.     Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $723,000 and $(650,000), respectively. The fluctuation is due to the significant increase in accounts payable and offset by the reduction of accrued compensation and other current items. In addition to non-cash related expense for depreciation, amortization and stock compensation.     Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was ($9,515,000) and ($2,762,000) respectively. The primary use of cash was for the acquisitions of Access and Paladin during the year ended September 30, 2016.     Net cash flow provided by financing activities for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $5,388,000 and $9,176,000, respectively. Fluctuations in financing activities are attributable to the level of net borrowings and the proceeds of the subordinated debt.     All of the Company s office facilities are leased. As of September 30, 2016, future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable lease commitments having initial terms in excess of one year, including closed offices, totaled approximately $2,326,000.     On September 27, 2013, the Company ("Borrower") entered into agreements with ACF FINCO I LP (successor-in-interest to Keltic Financial Partners II, LP) ("ACF") ("Lender"), that provides the Company with long term financing through a six million dollar ($6,000,000) secured revolving note (the "Note"). The Note has a term of three years and has no amortization prior to maturity. The interest rate for the Note is a fluctuating rate that, when annualized, is equal to the greatest of (A) the Prime Rate plus three and one quarter percent (3.25%), (B) the LIBOR Rate plus six and one quarter percent (6.25%), and (C) six and one half percent (6.50%), with the interest paid on a monthly basis. Loan advances pursuant to the Note are based on the accounts receivable balance and other assets. The Company incurred certain cash expense and commitment fees related to obtaining the agreement of approximately $170,000, which has been paid. The Note is secured by all of the Company's property and assets, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interests. On January 1, 2016, the Company entered into an eighth Amendment and Waiver to the Loan and Security Agreement with ACF to increase the maximum amount of revolving credit under the Amended Credit Agreement from $6,000,000 to $10,000,000. On September 27, 2016, the Company entered into a ninth Amendment and Waiver to the Loan and Security Agreement with ACF. Pursuant to the Amendment, the Lender agreed (i) to decrease the annual Facility Fee (as defined in the Credit Agreement) payable by Borrower on the total Revolving Credit Limit (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to 0.75% , (ii) to allow the Borrower to make certain prepayments of amounts owed under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other loan documents on or prior to September 27, 2018, (iii) to amend the provision regarding liquidated damages payable by Borrower in the event of any early termination of the revolving credit line under the Amended Credit Agreement such that Borrower shall pay liquidated damages to Lender in an amount equal to the Revolving Credit Limit multiplied by (X) two percent (2.00%) if such prepayment, repayment, demand or acceleration occurs prior to September 28, 2017, and (Y) one percent (1.00%) if such prepayment, repayment, demand or acceleration occurs on or after September 28, 2017, (iv) to change the minimum EBITDA (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) thresholds required to be maintained by the Company as outlined below (v) to extend the Revolving Credit Termination Date to the earliest to occur of (a) September 27, 2018, (b) the date Lender terminates the Revolving Credit pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, and (c) the date on which repayment of the Revolving Credit, or any portion thereof, becomes immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, (vi) to amend the definition of EBITDA and (vii) to change the Revolving Credit Rate to a fluctuating rate that, when annualized, is equal to the greatest of (A) the Prime Rate plus one and one half percent (1.50%), (B) the LIBOR Rate plus four and one half percent (4.50%), and (C) four and three quarters percent (4.75%). At September 30, 2016 and 2015 the interest rate was 4.75% and 6.5%, respectively.           The Company has entered into other Amendments with ACF that did not materially change the terms of the Note. As of the date of this report, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants or had received waivers related thereto. The Company has several administrative covenants and the following financial covenant:     The Company must maintain the following EBITDA:     (a) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on September 30, 2016, to be less than Three Million Two Hundred Forty One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($3,241,000);     (b) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on December 31, 2016, to be less than Three Million Eight Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($3,800,000);     (c) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on March 31, 2017, to be less than Four Million Two Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($4,200,000);     (d) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on June 30, 2017, to be less than Four Million Six Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($4,600,000);      (e) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on September 30, 2017, to be less than Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000); and     (f) For any period commencing on or after October 1, 2017, no less than such amounts as are established by Lender for such period based on the annual financial projections including such period delivered by Borrower. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the above EBITDA covenant levels, and Lender s adjustment in accordance with the preceding sentence, have been established by Lender based on Borrower s operations as conducted on September 1, 2016, and that any material change to such operations, whether by Strategic Acquisition or otherwise, will necessitate an adjustment by Lender of the above EBITDA covenant levels, and that Lender will make such adjustments in Lender s permitted discretion.      As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the EBITDA covenant and all other administrative covenants. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $1,250,000 available on the line of credit. The interest expense related to the lines of credit for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 approximated $723,000 and $347,000, respectively.      The Company believes that the borrowing availability under the ACF facility will be adequate to fund the working capital needs. In recent years, the Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations. Management has implemented a strategy which included cost reduction efforts as well as identifying strategic acquisitions, financed primarily through the issuance of equity and debt, to improve the overall profitability and cash flows of the Company. In addition, as discussed above, the Company entered into the ACF facility to provide working capital financing.     On January 8, 2015, the Company completed a securities offering with 18 individuals who collectively have purchased a total of 200,000 shares of Preferred Stock ( Series A Preferred Stock ) from the Company for a total purchase price of $2,000,000. Each share of Series A Preferred stock was initially convertible, at the election of the holder, into 50 shares of the Company s common stock. The Company netted approximately $1,960,000, with approximately $1,000,000 to be used as working capital and the remaining $960,000 for marketing, acquisitions, expansion and to further the operations of the Company. All shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued to the aforementioned individuals were converted into common stock prior to September 30, 2015.      On July 22, 2015, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the "Underwriting Agreement") with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the "Representative"), as the representative of the several underwriters identified therein (collectively, the "Underwriters"), pursuant to which the Company agreed to offer and sell up to 1,120,000 shares of the Company's common stock, no par value (the "Common Stock"), at a price of $7.00 per share. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Representative an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional 168,000 shares of Common Stock to cover over-allotments, if any.            The Company received net proceeds from this offering and the overallotment, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company of approximately $7.8 million and issued 1,246,000 common shares, this includes the Underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option.      The Company also issued warrants (the "Underwriter's Warrant") to the Underwriters to purchase up to a total of 124,600 shares of Common Stock, at a price of $8.30 per common share and are exercisable for five years. The Underwriter's Warrant has a seven-year piggyback registration right with respect to shares of common stock underlying the Underwriter's Warrant from the date of the Underwriting Agreement.      On October 2, 2015, the Company issued and sold a subordinated note in the aggregate principal amount of $4,185,000 (the  Subordinated Note ) to JAX Legacy   Investment 1, LLC (the  Investor ) pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated October 2, 2015 between the Company and the Investor (the  Subscription Agreement ). The Subordinated Note is due on October 2, 2018 (the  Maturity Date ). Interest on the Subordinated Note is payable as follows: (i) 10% interest per annum on the outstanding principal balance of the Subordinated Note shall be payable quarterly in arrears, in cash, on each December 30th, March 30th, June 30th, and September 30th, until the Maturity Date and (ii) 4% interest per annum until the Maturity Date on the original principal balance of the Subordinated Note ($502,200), was paid in advance on the issuance date of the Subordinated Note through the issuance to the Investor of 91,309 shares of the Company s common stock (the  Interest Shares ). The Company may prepay the principal and interest under the Subordinated Note at any time, without penalty, provided, however, the Interest Shares shall be deemed paid in full and earned upon the issuance of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note is subordinated in payment to the obligations of the Company to ACF FINCO I LLP pursuant to the terms and provisions of a Subordination and Inter-creditor Agreement dated October 2, 2015 between, ACF FINCO I LLP and the Investor. In connection with the issuance of the Subordinated Note the Company and the Investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement dated October 2, 2015 (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) whereby the Company granted to the Investor certain piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares of Company common stock issued or issuable as interest payments under the Subordinated Note, and any shares of Company common stock issued as a dividend or other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or in replacement of, shares of common stock of the Company issued or issuable as interest payments under the Subordinated Note.     On October 4, 2015, the Company issued to the former owners of Access Data Consulting Corporation a Promissory Note in the principal amount of $3,000,000. Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Promissory Note is payable at the rate of 5.5% per annum. The principal and interest amount of the Promissory Note is payable as follows: (i) for the first twelve months commencing on November 4, 2015 and ending on October 4, 2016, a monthly payment of $57,000 in principal and interest, (ii) on October 4, 2016 a balloon payment of principal of $1,000,000, (iii) for the next twelve months commencing on November 4, 2016 and ending on October 4, 2017, a monthly payment of $28,000 in principal and interest, (iv) on October 4, 2017 a balloon payment of principal of $1,202,000 and (v) on October 4, 2017 any and all amounts of previously unpaid principal and accrued interest. The Promissory Note is subordinated in payment to the obligations of the Company to ACF FINCO I LLP pursuant to the terms and provisions of a Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement dated October 5, 2015 between ACF FINCO I LLP and the former owners. The Company is current on all payments of this loan.     In recent years, the Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations. Management has implemented a strategy which included cost reduction efforts as well as identifying strategic acquisitions, financed primarily through the issuance of common stock, to improve the overall profitability and cash flows of the Company. Management believes with current cash flow from operations, the equity offerings, issued debt and the availability under the ACF facility, the Company will have sufficient liquidity for the next 12 months.       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and during the two years then ended, there were no transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements to which an unconsolidated entity was a party, under which the Company (a) had any direct or contingent obligation under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest in the unconsolidated entity, or (b) had a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to the unconsolidated entity.      Critical Accounting Policies      The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.           The following accounting policies are considered by management to be  critical  because of the judgments and uncertainties involved, and because different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions.      Estimates and Assumptions      Management makes estimates and assumptions that can affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the amounts of reported revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Those estimates and assumptions typically involve expectations about events to occur subsequent to the balance sheet date, and it is possible that actual results could ultimately differ from the estimates. If differences were to occur in a subsequent period, the Company would recognize those differences when they became known. Significant matters requiring the use of estimates and assumptions include, but may not be limited to, deferred income tax valuation allowances, accounts receivable allowances, accounting for acquisitions, accounting for derivative liabilities and evaluation of impairment. Management believes that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, based on information that is available at the time they are made.      Revenue Recognition      Direct hire placement service revenues are recognized when applicants accept offers of employment, less a provision for estimated losses due to applicants not remaining employed for the Company s guarantee period. Contract staffing service revenues are recognized when services are rendered.     Falloffs and refunds during the period are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction of placement service revenues and were approximately $470,000 in fiscal 2016 and $904,000 in fiscal 2015. Expected future falloffs and refunds are reflected in the consolidated balance sheet as a reduction of accounts receivable and were approximately $60,000 and $86,000 as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.       Cost of Contract Staffing Services      The cost of contract services includes the wages and the related payroll taxes and employee benefits of the Company s employees while they work on contract assignments.      Income Taxes      We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized.     Due to the private sale of shares of common stock to LEED HR during fiscal 2012 and the resulting change in control, the Company may be limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as to the amount of net operating losses that may be used in future years.     Due to the issuance of convertible preferred shares related to the Scribe acquisition, the Company may be limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as to the amount of net operating losses that may be used in future years.     We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.            Accounts Receivable      The Company extends credit to its various customers based on evaluation of the customer s financial condition and ability to pay the Company in accordance with the payment terms. An allowance for placement fall-offs is recorded, as a reduction of revenues, for estimated losses due to applicants not remaining employed for the Company s guarantee period. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded, as a charge to bad debt expense, where collection is considered to be doubtful due to credit issues. These allowances together reflect management s estimate of the potential losses inherent in the accounts receivable balances, based on historical loss statistics and known factors impacting its customers. The nature of the contract service business, where companies are dependent on employees for the production cycle allows for a small accounts receivable allowance. Based on management s review of accounts receivable, an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately $191,000 and $524,000 is considered necessary as of September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company charges uncollectible accounts against the allowance once the invoices are deemed unlikely to be collectible.       Goodwill      Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired in the various acquisitions. The Company assesses goodwill for impairment at least annually. Testing Goodwill for impairment, which allows the Company to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the entity determines that this threshold is not met, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. An impairment loss would be recognized to the extent the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value.      Fair Value Measurement      The Company follows the provisions of the accounting standard which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and enhances fair value measurement disclosure. Under these provisions, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price ) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.     The standard establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use on unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is described below:     Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs.     Level 2: Observable prices that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data.     Level 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.     The fair value of the Company s current assets and current liabilities approximate their carrying values due to their short term nature. The carrying value of the Company s long-term liabilities represents their fair value based on level 3 inputs, as discussed in Note 7. The Company s goodwill and other intangible assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using level 3 inputs, as discussed in Note 4.      Intangible Assets      Customer lists, non-compete agreements, customer relationships, management agreements and trade names were recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition and are amortized over their estimated useful lives ranging from two to ten years using both accelerated and straight-line methods.            Impairment of Long-lived Assets      The Company records an impairment of long-lived assets used in operations, other than goodwill, when events or circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired and the estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated by those assets over their remaining lives are less than the carrying amount of those items. The net carrying value of assets not recoverable is reduced to fair value, which is typically calculated using the undiscounted cash flow method. The Company did not record any impairment during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.       Stock-Based Compensation      The Company accounts for stock-based awards to employees in accordance with applicable accounting principles, which requires compensation expense related to share-based transactions, including employee stock options, to be measured and recognized in the financial statements based on a determination of the fair value of the stock options. The grant date fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton ("Black-Scholes") pricing model. For all employee stock options, we recognize expense over the requisite service period on an accelerated basis over the employee's requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). The Company's option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility, expected term, and forfeiture rate. Any changes in these highly subjective assumptions significantly impact stock-based compensation expense.     Options awarded to purchase shares of common stock issued to non-employees in exchange for services are accounted for as variable awards in accordance with applicable accounting principles. Such options are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.      See Note 9 for the assumptions used to calculate the fair value of stock-based employee and non-employee compensation. Upon the exercise of options, it is the Company's policy to issue new shares rather than utilizing treasury shares.      Segment Data      The Company has two operating business segments a) Contract staffing services, and b) Direct hire placement. These operating segments were determined based primarily on how the chief operating decision maker views and evaluates our operations. Operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to assess its performance. Other factors, including type of business, type of employee, length of employment and revenue recognition are considered in determining these operating segments.       Recent Accounting Pronouncements      In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16 -  Business Combinations , which requires adjustments to provisional amounts recorded in business combinations to be recognized in the reporting period in which they are identified either separately on the face of the income statement or in the notes to the financial statements. ASU 2015-16 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and any interim periods within that period, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating ASU 2015-16 to determine if this guidance will have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.     In May 2014, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that provides companies with a single model for use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance. The new guidance requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. It also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption, through a cumulative adjustment. The amended guidance also requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. In March 2016, amended guidance was issued to clarify implementation guidance on principal versus agent consideration. In April 2016 an amendment provided clarifications on determining whether a promised license provides a customer with a right to use or a right to access an entity s intellectual property. In May 2016 an amendment provided narrow scope improvements and practical expedients to reduce the potential diversity, cost and complexity of applying new revenue standard. These amendments, as well as the original guidance, are all effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and the Company intends to implement the standard with the modified retrospective approach, which recognizes the cumulative effect of application recognized on that date. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial statements.           In November 2015, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which changes how deferred taxes are classified on a company's balance sheet. The new guidance eliminates the current requirement for companies to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, companies will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The guidance may be applied either prospectively, for all deferred tax assets and liabilities, or retrospectively (i.e., by reclassifying the comparative balance sheet). If applied prospectively, entities are required to include a statement that prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. If applied retrospectively, entities are also required to include quantitative information about the effects of the change on prior periods. Except for balance sheet classification requirements related to deferred tax assets and liabilities, the Company does not expect this guidance to have an effect on its financial statements. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial statements.     In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"). ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of adopting ASU 2016-09 on its financial statements and related disclosures.      In February 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which changes financial reporting as it relates to leasing transactions. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, for the lease term. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted for all entities upon issuance. Lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial statements.     In August 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance designed to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows, including: i) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; ii) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; and iii) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies. The new guidance is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. The Company believes the adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on its financial statements.     No other recent accounting pronouncements were issued by FASB and the SEC that are believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future financial statements.               Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.          Not applicable.                     Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.                          F-1       
      Table of Contents            REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM       To the Board of Directors and Shareholders  GEE Group, Inc.  Naperville, Illinois      We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GEE Group, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended. The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.     We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of GEE Group, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.                     F-2       
      Table of Contents             The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.                 F-3       
      Table of Contents                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.                 F-4       
      Table of Contents                The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.                  F-5       
      Table of Contents                The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.                   F-6       
      Table of Contents            GENERAL EMPLOYMENT ENTERPRISES, INC.     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       1. Description of Business      GEE Group Inc. (the  Company ,  us ,  our  or  we ) was incorporated in the State of Illinois in 1962 and is the successor to employment offices doing business since 1893. The Company has several corporations and names it does business under and are all consolidated under GEE Group, Inc. These names include Triad Personnel Services, Inc., General Employment, Ashley Ellis and Omni One.      In April 2015, the Company entered into a stock exchange agreement with Brittany M. Dewan as Trustee of the Derek E. Dewan Irrevocable Living Trust II dated the 27th of July, 2010, Brittany M. Dewan, individually, Allison Dewan, individually, Mary Menze, individually, and Alex Stuckey, individually (collectively, the  Scribe Shareholders ), pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Scribe Solutions Inc., a provider of data entry assistants (medical scribes) who specialize in electronic medical records (EMR) services for emergency departments, specialty physician practices and clinics ( Scribe ), from the Scribe Shareholders for 640,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company. In addition, the Company issued to the Scribe Shareholders warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock in exchange for warrants to purchase shares of Scribe s common stock.     In July 2015, the Company entered a stock purchase agreement with Tricia Dempsey (the  Agile Seller ), pursuant to which the Company acquired on July 31, 2015, 100% of the outstanding stock of Agile Resources, Inc., a Georgia corporation and a provider of innovative IT staffing solutions and IT consulting services, for up to a total of approximately $4,000,000 in consideration, subject to certain adjustments. The purchase price consisted of $2,500,000 in cash (subject to minimum working capital), the issuance to the Agile Seller of 120,192 shares of Company common stock and up to $500,000 of an  earnout .     On October 4, 2015, the Company entered a Stock Purchase Agreement with William Daniel Dampier and Carol Lee Dampier (the  Access Sellers ) pursuant to which the Company acquired on October 4, 2015, 100% of the outstanding stock of Access Data Consulting Corporation., a Colorado corporation, for a purchase price equal to approximately $16,000,000 in consideration. The purchase price consisted of $8,000,000 in cash (subject to minimum working capital), the issuance to the Access Sellers 327,869 shares of Company common stock, a Promissory note in the aggregate of $3,000,000 and up to $2,000,000 of an  earnout . On April 4, 2016, the Company issued approximately 123,000 of additional shares of common stock to the Sellers of Access Data Consulting Corporation. This was based on market value of the stock on April 4, 2016 being approximately $544,000 less than $2,000,000 six month guaranteed and based on the closing stock price of $4.44 per common share. The Company recognized a loss on change of contingent consideration of approximately $44,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016. The Company also recognized a gain of approximately $2,000,000 on a change in contingent consideration, as the earnout was not achieved. In addition, the Company increased the original purchase price by approximately $600,000 related to a mutual tax election as described in the purchase agreement.      On January 1, 2016, the Company entered a Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Paladin Agreement") with Enoch S. Timothy and Dorothy Timothy (collectively, the " Paladin Sellers"). Pursuant to the terms of the Paladin Agreement the Company acquired on January 1, 2016, 100% of the outstanding stock of Paladin Consulting Inc., a Texas corporation ("Paladin"), for a purchase price (the "Purchase Price") equal to $1,750,000,  minus  the Circle Lending Loan Amount (as defined in the Paladin Agreement)  plus  up to $1,000,000 in contingent promissory notes,  minus  the NWC Reduction Amount (as defined in the Paladin Agreement) (if any)  plus  up to $1,250,000 of "earnouts", for a total of approximately $2,625,000.      2. Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates       Basis of Presentation      The consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.                  F-7       
      Table of Contents           Principles of Consolidation      The consolidated financial statements include the accounts and transactions of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.      Reverse Stock Split      On October 9, 2015, the Company filed a certificate of change to our amended and restated articles of incorporation with the Secretary of the State of Illinois in order to effectuate a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock on a 1-for-10 basis (the "Reverse Stock Split"); and increased the total number of authorized shares of Common Stock of the Company from 20,000,000, post Reverse Stock Split, to 200,000,000.     The Reverse Stock Split became effective with the FINRA as of the open of business on October 9, 2015. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every 10 shares of the Company's pre-Reverse Split common stock was combined and reclassified into one share of the Company's common stock. No fractional shares of common stock were issued as a result of the Reverse Split.     Throughout the consolidated financial statements, each instance that refers to a number of shares of the Company's common stock, refers to the number of shares of common stock after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, unless otherwise indicated.      Estimates and Assumptions      Management makes estimates and assumptions that can affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported as of the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, as well as the amounts of reported revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Those estimates and assumptions typically involve expectations about events to occur subsequent to the balance sheet date, and it is possible that actual results could ultimately differ from the estimates. If differences were to occur in a subsequent period, the Company would recognize those differences when they became known. Significant matters requiring the use of estimates and assumptions include, but may not be limited to, deferred income tax valuation allowances, accounts receivable allowances, accounting for acquisitions, accounting for derivatives and evaluation of impairment. Management believes that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, based on information that is available at the time they are made.       Revenue Recognition      Direct hire placement service revenues are recognized when applicants accept offers of employment, less a provision for estimated losses due to applicants not remaining employed for the Company s guarantee period. Contract staffing service revenues are recognized when services are rendered.      Falloffs and refunds during the period are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations as a reduction of placement service revenues and were approximately $470,000 in fiscal 2016 and $904,000 in fiscal 2015. Expected future falloffs and refunds are reflected in the consolidated balance sheet as a reduction of accounts receivable and were approximately $60,000 and $86,000 as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively.       Cost of Contract Staffing Services      The cost of contract services includes the wages and the related payroll taxes and employee benefits of the Company s employees while they work on contract assignments.       Cash and Cash Equivalents      Highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased are considered to be cash equivalents. At September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, there were no cash equivalents. The Company maintains deposits in financial institutions in excess of amounts guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Cash and cash equivalents are maintained at financial institutions and, at times, balances may exceed federally insured limits. We have never experienced any losses related to these balances.                   F-8       
      Table of Contents           Accounts Receivable      The Company extends credit to its various customers based on evaluation of the customer s financial condition and ability to pay the Company in accordance with the payment terms. An allowance for placement fall-offs is recorded, as a reduction of revenues, for estimated losses due to applicants not remaining employed for the Company s guarantee period. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded, as a charge to bad debt expense, where collection is considered to be doubtful due to credit issues. These allowances together reflect management s estimate of the potential losses inherent in the accounts receivable balances, based on historical loss statistics and known factors impacting its customers. The nature of the contract service business, where companies are dependent on employees for the production cycle allows for a small accounts receivable allowance. Based on management s review of accounts receivable, an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately $191,000 and $524,000 is considered necessary as of September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company charges uncollectible accounts against the allowance once the invoices are deemed unlikely to be collectible.       Property and Equipment      Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation expense is calculated on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives of five years for computer equipment and two to ten years for office equipment, furniture and fixtures. The Company capitalizes computer software purchased or developed for internal use and amortizes it over an estimated useful life of five years. The carrying value of property and equipment is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that it may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of an asset group is greater than its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, the carrying value is written down to the estimated fair value. There was no impairment of property and equipment for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.       Goodwill      Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired in the various acquisitions. The Company assesses goodwill for impairment at least annually. Testing goodwill for impairment allows the Company to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the entity determines that this threshold is not met, then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. An impairment loss would be recognized to the extent the carrying value of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value.       Fair Value Measurement      The Company follows the provisions of the accounting standard which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and enhances fair value measurement disclosure. Under these provisions, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price ) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.     The standard establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use on unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company s assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy is described below:     Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1 inputs.     Level 2: Observable prices that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets, but corroborated by market data.     Level 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.     The fair value of the Company s current assets and current liabilities approximate their carrying values due to their short term nature. The carrying value of the Company s long-term liabilities represents their fair value based on level 3 inputs, as discussed in Notes 7. The Company s goodwill and other intangible assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis using level 3 inputs, as discussed in Note 4.                  F-9       
      Table of Contents           Earnings and Loss per Share      Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted loss per share is computed giving effect to all potentially dilutive common shares. Potentially dilutive common shares may consist of incremental shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants and the conversion of notes payable to common stock. In periods in which a net loss has been incurred, all potentially dilutive common shares are considered anti-dilutive and thus are excluded from the calculation. Common share equivalents of approximately 577,000 was included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended September 30, 2016. There were approximately 413,000 and 534,000 of common stock equivalents excluded for the year ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively because their effect is anti-dilutive.       Advertising Expenses      Most of the Company s advertising expense budget is used to support the Company s business. Most of the advertisements are in print or internet media, with expenses recorded as they are incurred. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, included in selling, general and administrative expenses was advertising expense totaling approximately $834,000 and $751,000, respectively.      Intangible Assets      Customer lists, non-compete agreements, customer relationships and trade names were recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition and are amortized over their estimated useful lives ranging from two to ten years using both accelerated and straight-line methods.      Impairment of Long-lived Assets      The Company records an impairment of long-lived assets used in operations, other than goodwill, when events or circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired and the estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated by those assets over their remaining lives are less than the carrying amount of those items. The net carrying value of assets not recoverable is reduced to fair value, which is typically calculated using the discounted cash flow method. The Company did not record any impairment during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      Stock-Based Compensation      The Company accounts for stock-based awards to employees in accordance with applicable accounting principles, which requires compensation expense related to share-based transactions, including employee stock options, to be measured and recognized in the financial statements based on a determination of the fair value of the stock options. The grant date fair value is determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton ("Black-Scholes") pricing model. For all employee stock options, we recognize expense over the requisite service period on an accelerated basis over the employee's requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). The Company's option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility, expected term, and forfeiture rate. Any changes in these highly subjective assumptions significantly impact stock-based compensation expense.     Options awarded to purchase shares of common stock issued to non-employees in exchange for services are accounted for as variable awards in accordance with applicable accounting principles. Such options are valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.     See Note 9 for the assumptions used to calculate the fair value of stock-based employee and non-employee compensation. Upon the exercise of options, it is the Company's policy to issue new shares rather than utilizing treasury shares.             Income Taxes      We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities, as well as for operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized.     Due to the private sale of shares of common stock to LEED HR during fiscal 2012 and the resulting change in control, the Company may be limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as to the amount of net operating losses that may be used in future years.     Due to the issuance of convertible preferred shares related to the Scribe acquisition, the Company may be limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as to the amount of net operating losses that may be used in future years.     We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.      Reclassification      Certain reclassifications have been made to the financial statements as of and for the years ended September 30, 2015 to conform to the current year presentation. There is no effect on assets, liabilities, equity or net income.      Segment Data      The Company has two operating business segments a) Contract staffing services and b) Direct hire placement. These operating segments were determined based primarily on how the chief operating decision maker views and evaluates our operations. Operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to assess its performance. Other factors, including type of business, type of employee, length of employment and revenue recognition are considered in determining these operating segments.       Recent Accounting Pronouncements        In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16 -  Business Combinations , which requires adjustments to provisional amounts recorded in business combinations to be recognized in the reporting period in which they are identified either separately on the face of the income statement or in the notes to the financial statements. ASU 2015-16 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and any interim periods within that period, and early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating ASU 2015-16 to determine if this guidance will have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.     In May 2014, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that provides companies with a single model for use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance. The new guidance requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. It also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption, through a cumulative adjustment. The amended guidance also requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. In March 2016, amended guidance was issued to clarify implementation guidance on principal versus agent consideration. In April 2016 an amendment provided clarifications on determining whether a promised license provides a customer with a right to use or a right to access an entity s intellectual property. In May 2016 an amendment provided narrow scope improvements and practical expedients to reduce the potential diversity, cost and complexity of applying new revenue standard. These amendments, as well as the original guidance, are all effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and the Company intends to implement the standard with the modified retrospective approach, which recognizes the cumulative effect of application recognized on that date. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial statements.            In November 2015, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which changes how deferred taxes are classified on a company's balance sheet. The new guidance eliminates the current requirement for companies to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, companies will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The guidance may be applied either prospectively, for all deferred tax assets and liabilities, or retrospectively (i.e., by reclassifying the comparative balance sheet). If applied prospectively, entities are required to include a statement that prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. If applied retrospectively, entities are also required to include quantitative information about the effects of the change on prior periods. Except for balance sheet classification requirements related to deferred tax assets and liabilities, the Company does not expect this guidance to have an effect on its financial statements. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial statements.     In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09"). ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of adopting ASU 2016-09 on its financial statements and related disclosures.      In February 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which changes financial reporting as it relates to leasing transactions. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, for the lease term. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted for all entities upon issuance. Lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial statements.     In August 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance designed to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows, including: i) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; ii) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; and iii) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies. The new guidance is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. The Company believes the adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on its financial statements.     No other recent accounting pronouncements were issued by FASB and the SEC that are believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s present or future financial statements.         3. Property and Equipment      Property and equipment consisted of the following as of September 30:                Leasehold improvements are amortized over the term of the lease.     Depreciation expense for the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $331,000 and $176,000, respectively.     Total cost of property and equipment recorded under capital leases and accumulated depreciation as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 is approximately $188,000 and $94,000 and $285,000 and $157,000, respectively. Depreciation expense for property and equipment under capital lease for the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $89,000 and $73,000, respectively.      4. Goodwill and Intangible Assets        Goodwill       The following table sets forth activity in goodwill from September 2014 through September 30, 2016. See Note 12 for details of acquisitions that occurred during the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. (thousands)           During the year ended September 30, 2016 the Company did not record any impairment of goodwill.        Intangible Assets         As of September 30, 2016             As of September 30, 2015                  The amortization expense attributable to the amortization of identifiable intangible assets was approximately $1,536,000 and $475,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      The trade names are amortized on a straight   line basis over the estimated useful life of ten years. Customer relationships are amortized based on the future undiscounted cash flows or straight   line basis over estimated remaining useful lives of five to ten years. Non-compete agreements are amortized based on a straight-line basis over the term of the non-compete agreement, typically five years. Over the next five years and thereafter, annual amortization expense for these finite life intangible assets will total approximately $11,094,000, as follows: fiscal 2017 - $1,477,000, fiscal 2018 - $1,480,000, fiscal 2019 - $1,485,000, fiscal 2020   $1,482,000, fiscal 2021   $1,060,000 and thereafter - $4,110,000.     The following table sets forth activity in intangible assets from September 30, 2014 through September 30, 2016. See Note 12 for details of acquisitions that occurred during the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. (thousands)         During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not record any impairment of intangible assets.      5. Short-term Debt        On September 27, 2013, the Company ("Borrower") entered into agreements with ACF FINCO I LP (successor-in-interest to Keltic Financial Partners II, LP) ("ACF") ("Lender"), that provides the Company with long term financing through a six million dollar ($6,000,000) secured revolving note (the "Note"). The Note has a term of three years and has no amortization prior to maturity. The interest rate for the Note is a fluctuating rate that, when annualized, is equal to the greatest of (A) the Prime Rate plus three and one quarter percent (3.25%), (B) the LIBOR Rate plus six and one quarter percent (6.25%), and (C) six and one half percent (6.50%), with the interest paid on a monthly basis. Loan advances pursuant to the Note are based on the accounts receivable balance and other assets. The Company incurred certain cash expense and commitment fees related to obtaining the agreement of approximately $170,000, which has been paid. The Note is secured by all of the Company's property and assets, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, and whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or in which it now has or at any time in the future may acquire any right, title or interests. On January 1, 2016, the Company entered into an eighth Amendment and Waiver to the Loan and Security Agreement with ACF to increase the maximum amount of revolving credit under the Amended Credit Agreement from $6,000,000 to $10,000,000. On September 27, 2016, the Company entered into a ninth Amendment and Waiver to the Loan and Security Agreement with ACF. Pursuant to the Amendment, the Lender agreed (i) to decrease the annual Facility Fee (as defined in the Credit Agreement) payable by Borrower on the total Revolving Credit Limit (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to 0.75% , (ii) to allow the Borrower to make certain prepayments of amounts owed under the Amended Credit Agreement and the other loan documents on or prior to September 27, 2018, (iii) to amend the provision regarding liquidated damages payable by Borrower in the event of any early termination of the revolving credit line under the Amended Credit Agreement such that Borrower shall pay liquidated damages to Lender in an amount equal to the Revolving Credit Limit multiplied by (X) two percent (2.00%) if such prepayment, repayment, demand or acceleration occurs prior to September 28, 2017, and (Y) one percent (1.00%) if such prepayment, repayment, demand or acceleration occurs on or after September 28, 2017, (iv) to change the minimum EBITA (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) thresholds required to be maintained by the Company as outlined below (v) to extend the Revolving Credit Termination Date to the earliest to occur of (a) September 27, 2018, (b) the date Lender terminates the Revolving Credit pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, and (c) the date on which repayment of the Revolving Credit, or any portion thereof, becomes immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, (vi) to amend the definition of EBITDA and (vii) to change the Revolving Credit Rate to a fluctuating rate that, when annualized, is equal to the greatest of (A) the Prime Rate plus one and one half percent (1.50%), (B) the LIBOR Rate plus four and one half percent (4.50%), and (C) four and three quarters percent (4.75%). At September 30, 2016 and 2015 the interest rate was 4.75% and 6.5%, respectively.           The Company has entered into other Amendments with ACF that did not materially change the terms of the Note. As of the date of this report, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants or had received waivers related thereto. The Company has several administrative covenants and the following financial covenant:     The Company must maintain the following EBITDA:     (a) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on September 30, 2016, to be less than Three Million Two Hundred Forty One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($3,241,000);     (b) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on December 31, 2016, to be less than Three Million Eight Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($3,800,000);     (c) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on March 31, 2017, to be less than Four Million Two Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($4,200,000);     (d) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on June 30, 2017, to be less than Four Million Six Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($4,600,000);      (e) The twelve (12) consecutive calendar month period ending on September 30, 2017, to be less than Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000); and     (f) For any period commencing on or after October 1, 2017, no less than such amounts as are established by Lender for such period based on the annual financial projections including such period delivered by Borrower. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the above EBITDA covenant levels, and Lender s adjustment in accordance with the preceding sentence, have been established by Lender based on Borrower s operations as conducted on September 1, 2016, and that any material change to such operations, whether by Strategic Acquisition or otherwise, will necessitate an adjustment by Lender of the above EBITDA covenant levels, and that Lender will make such adjustments in Lender s permitted discretion.     As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the EBITDA covenant and all other administrative covenants. At September 30, 2016, there was approximately $1,250,000 available on the line of credit. The interest expense related to the lines of credit for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximated $723,000 and $347,000, respectively.       6. Accrued Compensation      Accrued Compensation includes accrued wages, the related payroll taxes, employee benefits of the Company's employees while they work on contract assignments, commissions earned and not yet paid and estimated commission payable.      7. Subordinated Debt      On October 2, 2015, the Company issued and sold the Subordinated Note to JAX Legacy   Investment 1, LLC (the "Investor") pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated October 2, 2015 between the Company and the Investor (the "Subscription Agreement") in the amount of $4,185,000. The Subordinated Note is due on October 2, 2018 (the "Maturity Date"). Interest on the Subordinated Note is payable as follows: (i) 10% interest per annum on the outstanding principal balance of the Subordinated Note shall be payable quarterly in arrears, in cash, on each December 30 th , March 30 th , June 30 th , and September 30 th , until the Maturity Date and (ii) 4% interest per annum until the Maturity Date on the original principal balance of the Subordinated Note, was paid in advance on the issuance date of the Subordinated Note through the issuance to the Investor of approximately 91,000 shares of the Company's common stock (the "Interest Shares") valued at approximately $566,000. The Company may prepay the principal and interest under the Subordinated Note at any time, without penalty, provided, however, the Interest Shares shall be deemed paid in full and earned upon the issuance of the Subordinated Note. The Subordinated Note is subordinated in payment to the obligations of the Company to ACF FINCO I LLP pursuant to the terms and provisions of a Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement dated October 2, 2015 between, ACF FINCO I LLP and the Investor. In connection with the issuance of the Subordinated Note the Company and the Investor entered into a Registration Rights Agreement dated October 2, 2015 (the "Registration Rights Agreement") whereby the Company granted to the Investor certain piggyback registration rights with respect to the shares of Company common stock issued or issuable as interest payments under the Subordinated Note, and any shares of Company common stock issued as a dividend or other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or in replacement of, shares of common stock of the Company issued or issuable as interest payments under the Subordinated Note. The Company paid fees of approximately $25,000 and 3,000 shares of common stock to the Investor, valued at approximately $23,000. In addition, the Company had approximately $33,000 of legal fees related to the transaction. Total discount recorded at issuance was approximately $647,000. Total amortization of debt discount for the year ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $215,000.            On October 4, 2015, the Company issued to the sellers of Access Data Consulting Corporation (see note 12) a Promissory Note. Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Promissory Note is payable at the rate of 5.5% per annum. The principal and interest amount of the Promissory Note is payable as follows: (i) for the first twelve months commencing on November 4, 2015 and ending on October 4, 2016, a monthly payment of approximately $57,000 in principal and interest, (ii) on October 4, 2016 a balloon payment of principal of $1,000,000, (iii) for the next twelve months commencing on November 4, 2016 and ending on October 4, 2017, a monthly payment of approximately $28,000 in principal and interest, (iv) on October 4, 2017 a balloon payment of principal of $1,202,000 and (v) on October 4, 2017 any and all amounts of previously unpaid principal and accrued interest. The Promissory Note is subordinated in payment to the obligations of the Company to ACF FINCO I LLP pursuant to the terms and provisions of a Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement dated October 5, 2015 between ACF FINCO I LLP and the Sellers of Access Data Consulting Corporation.         Over the next three years, the payments of subordinated debt will total approximately $6,695,000 as follows: fiscal 2017 - $1,285,000, fiscal 2018 - $1,225,000, fiscal 2019 - $4,185,000.       8. Other Current Liabilities      Other current liabilities consisted of the following:                 9. Common Stock and Preferred Stock      On January 8, 2015, the Company completed a securities offering with 18 individuals who collectively have purchased a total of 200,000 shares of Preferred Stock from the Company for a total purchase price of $2,000,000. The Company netted approximately $1,960,000, with approximately $1,000,000 to be used as working capital and the remaining $1,000,000 for marketing, acquisitions, expansion and to further the operations of the Company. Each share of Preferred Stock is initially convertible, at the election of the holder, into 5 shares of the Company s Common Stock.      In addition, dividends were payable in kind at the Company s option at a rate of eight percent (8%) annually. Payments of annual dividends have not been declared by the Company s Board of Directors on the outstanding Series A shares because of losses sustained by the Company. See note 12 for additional preferred shares issued related to the Scribe acquisition. As of September 30, 2016, there were no preferred dividends in arrears as all Series A preferred shares and the accrued dividends have been converted into common stock.      During the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company issued 61,500 shares of common stock to employees or former directors of the Company who exercised their stock options. Approximately $194,000 was received related to the exercise of these options.      During the year ended September 30, 2015 a total of 5,055,673 shares of common stock were issued, however no cash was received for these issuances.      122,412 shares of common stock were issued related to several cashless warrant conversions.      120,192 shares of common stock were issued related to the acquisition of Agile.     34,402 shares of common stock were issued to the Board of Directors that were board members prior to January 1, 2015 for services provided prior to January 1, 2015. A portion of these were issued by the Company to settle approximately $69,000 of accrued board fees from December 31, 2014. These shares were valued at $258,000.     26,859 shares of common stock were issued to employees of the Company who exercised their stock options on a cashless basis.     Brio converted $632,500 of its outstanding loan into 316,250 shares of the Company s common stock. Based on the closing stock prices of $8.50, $1.30 and $7.80 per common share, the shares were valued at approximately $2,866,750.      840,000 shares of Series A preferred stock and the accumulated interest converted into 4,315,318 shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2016, there were no outstanding shares of preferred stock.      On July 22, 2015, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the "Underwriting Agreement") with Roth Capital Partners, LLC (the "Representative"), as the representative of the several underwriters identified therein (collectively, the "Underwriters"), pursuant to which the Company agreed to offer and sell up to 1,120,000 shares of the Company's common stock, no par value (the "Common Stock"), at a price of $7.00 per share. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company has granted the Representative an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional 168,000 shares of Common Stock to cover over-allotments, if any.      The Company received net proceeds from this offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company of approximately $7.8 million and issued 1,246,000 common shares, this includes the Underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option.      The Company also issued warrants (the "Underwriter's Warrant") to the Underwriters to purchase up to a total of 124,600 shares of Common Stock, at a price of $8.40 per common share and are exercisable for five years. The Underwriter's Warrant has a seven-year piggyback registration right with respect to shares of common stock underlying the Underwriter's Warrant from the date of the Underwriting Agreement.             On October 2, 2015, the Company issued approximately 95,000 shares of common stock to JAX Legacy related to the subordinated note. The stock was valued at approximately $589,000.     On October 4, 2015, the Company issued approximately 328,000 shares of common stock to the sellers of Access Data Consulting Corporation. The Company also agreed if the closing price of the Company's common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the day on which the Issued Shares are first freely salable under Rule 144 (the "Rule 144 Date") is less than 90% of the Issue Price, then the Company shall make a one-time adjustment and shall promptly pay to the Sellers, in the form of additional shares of common stock of the Company at the market value on the Rule 144 Date, the difference between the aggregate value of the Issued Shares at the Issue Price and the aggregate value of the Issued Shares at the closing price on the Rule 144 Date. The Company has recorded a liability of approximately $500,000 in contingent consideration.      On April 4, 2016, the Company issued approximately 123,000 shares of common stock to the sellers of Access Data Consulting Corporation related to the guarantee. This was based on market value of the stock on April 4, 2016 being approximately $544,000 less than the $2,000,000 six-month guarantee provided in the Access Data Agreement and based on the closing stock price of $4.44 per common share.       Stock Options       The Company has recognized compensation expense in the amount of approximately $793,000 and $340,000 (excluding $189,000 of stock compensation for board shares issued) during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      Warrants           The weighted average exercise price of outstanding warrants was $4.54 at September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, with expiration dates ranging from February 7, 2020 to April 1, 2025.              10. Stock Option Plans      As of September 30, 2016, there were stock options outstanding under the Company s 1995 Stock Option Plan, Second Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan, 1999 Stock Option Plan and the 2011 Company Incentive Plan. All four plans were approved by the shareholders. The 1995 Stock Option Plan and the 1999 Stock Option Plan have expired, and no further options may be granted under those plans. During fiscal 2009, the Second Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan was amended to make an additional 592,000 options available for granting and as of September 30, 2013 there were no shares available for issuance under the Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option Plan. As of September 30, 2016, there were no shares available for issuance under the 2011 Company Incentive Plan. The plans granted specified numbers of options to non-employee directors, and they authorized the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors to grant either incentive or non-statutory stock options to employees. Vesting periods are established by the Compensation Committee at the time of grant. All stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were non-statutory stock options, had exercise prices equal to the market price on the date of grant, and had expiration dates ten years from the date of grant.     On July 23, 2013, the Board of Directors approved the Company s 2013 Incentive Stock Plan (the  2013 Plan ), and resolved to cease issuing securities under all prior Company equity compensation plans. The 2013 Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on September 9, 2013. The purpose of the 2013 Plan is to provide additional incentives to select persons who can make, are making, and continue to make substantial contributions to the growth and success of the Company, to attract and retain the employment and services of such persons, and to encourage and reward such contributions, by providing these individuals with an opportunity to acquire or increase stock ownership in the Company through either the grant of options or restricted stock. The 2013 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee or such other committee as is appointed by the Board of Directors pursuant to the 2013 Plan (the  Committee ). The Committee has full authority to administer and interpret the provisions of the 2013 Plan including, but not limited to, the authority to make all determinations with regard to the terms and conditions of an award made under the 2013 Plan. The maximum number of shares that may be granted under the 2013 Plan is 1,000,000. This number is subject to adjustment to reflect changes in the capital structure or organization of the Company.     A summary of stock option activity is as follows:         Stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 were as follows (number of options in thousands):                As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding stock options and exercisable stock options was approximately $461,000 and $303,000, respectively.     The average fair value of stock options granted was estimated to be $5.17 per share in fiscal 2016 and $7.00 per share in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. This estimate was made using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following weighted average assumptions:         Stock-based compensation expense attributable to stock options was $793,000 and $340,000 in 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $1,300,000 of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options outstanding, and the weighted average vesting period for those options was 2.5 years.      11. Income Taxes       The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:           The differences between income taxes calculated at the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate and the Company s provision for income taxes are as follows:                The net deferred income tax asset balance related to the following:         As of September 30, 2016, there were approximately $9,167,000 of losses available to reduce federal taxable income in future years through 2034, and there were approximately $7,167,000 of losses available to reduce state taxable income in future years, expiring from 2015 through 2034. Due to common stock transactions in the prior years, it is likely that the Company will be limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as to the amount of net operating losses that may be used in future years. The Company is currently evaluating the effects of any such limitation.     Future realization of the tax benefits of existing temporary differences and net operating loss carryforwards ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company performed an evaluation to determine whether a valuation allowance was needed. The Company considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, which included the results of operations for the current and preceding years. The Company also considered whether there was any currently available information about future years. Because long-term contracts are not a significant part of the Company s business, future results cannot be reliably predicted by considering past trends or by extrapolating past results. Moreover, the Company s earnings are strongly influenced by national economic conditions and have been volatile in the past. Considering these factors, the Company determined that it was not possible to reasonably quantify future taxable income. The Company determined that it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company maintained a full valuation allowance as of September 30, 2016 and 2015.     As a result of continuing losses, we have determined that it is more likely than not that we will not realize the benefits of the deferred tax assets and therefore we have recorded a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying value of the deferred tax assets to zero. The valuation allowance decreased by $1,644,000 and $173,000 in 2016 and 2015, respectively.     We file federal and state income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. Due to our net operating loss carryforwards, our income tax returns generally remain subject to examination by federal and most state tax authorities. We are not currently under examination in any federal or state jurisdiction.             12. Acquisitions        Scribe       On December 11, 2014, the Company entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement (the  SCRIBE Agreement ) with Brittany M. Dewan as Trustee of the Derek E. Dewan Irrevocable Living Trust II dated the 27 th  of July, 2010, Brittany M. Dewan, individually, Allison Dewan, individually, Mary Menze, individually, and Alex Stuckey, individually (collectively, the  Scribe Shareholders ). Scribe Solutions, Inc. ( Scribe ) provides data entry assistants (medical scribes) who specialize in electronic medical records (EMR) services for emergency departments, specialty physician practices and clinics. The transaction was unanimously approved by written consent of the board of directors of the Company (the  Board ) and the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock. The Scribe transaction closed on April 1, 2015. Pursuant to the terms of the SCRIBE Agreement the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Scribe Solutions Inc., ( Scribe ) from the Scribe Shareholders for 640,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the  Preferred Stock ) of the Company. In addition, the Company exchanged warrants to purchase up to 635,000 shares of the Company s common stock, for $2.00 per share, with a term of 10 years (the  Warrants ), for Scribe warrants held by three individuals. The issuances of Preferred Stock and Warrants by the Company was effected in reliance on the exemptions from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, (the  Securities Act ), and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.      Under the purchase method of accounting, the transaction was valued for accounting purposes at an estimated $7.7 million, which was the estimated fair value of the Company at the date of acquisition. The estimate was based on the consideration paid of 640,000 preferred shares and the 635,000 warrants granted. The 640,000 preferred shares are valued at approximately $6,400,000, and the 635,000 warrants are valued at approximately $1,330,000. The Black-Scholes option pricing model was used to value the warrants based upon an expected stock price volatility of 253.7%, a 10 year expected life of the warrant and a risk free interest rate of approximately 1.6%.      The assets and liabilities of Scribe were recorded at their respective fair values as of the closing date of the Scribe Agreement, and the following table summarizes these values based on the balance sheet at April 1, 2015, the closing date.      The intangibles were recorded, based on the Company s estimate of fair value, which consist primarily of customer lists and trade name with an estimated life of ten years and goodwill. Upon completion of an independent purchase price allocation and valuation, the allocation intangible assets were adjusted accordingly.      (in Thousands)         The primary intangible assets acquired have been identified as the customer list, trade name and goodwill and have been allocated as follows:          Goodwill and intangibles related to the acquisition of Scribe will not be deductible for tax purposes.              Agile       On July 31, 2015 the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Agile Agreement") with Tricia Dempsey ("Seller"). Pursuant to the terms of the Agile Agreement on July 31, 2015 the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Agile Resources, Inc., a Georgia corporation ("Agile").      Agile was founded by Seller in 2003 and provides innovative IT staffing solutions and IT consulting services ranging from legacy platforms to emerging technologies to a diversified client base across many industry verticals. Agile has a sophisticated recruiting and delivery engine and utilizes state-of-the-art technology to deliver top talent with a rapid time to market. Agile delivers CIO advisory services and IT project support resources in the areas of application architecture and delivery, enterprise operations, information lifecycle management and project management all with flexible delivery options. The staffing alternatives include the provision of contract IT professionals, contract-to-permanent and permanent placement in addition to providing IT solutions for project work including statement-of-work (SOW) engagements on a time-and-materials (T M) basis. Agile's IT staffing solutions include providing professionals with expertise in the areas of .net, share-point, enterprise resource planning (ERP), software engineering, database support (Microsoft SQL, Oracle, Sybase   Informix), legacy systems support, data analytics, cloud migration, big data, cyber-security, health IT, network and help-desk support and mobile applications.      Under the purchase method of accounting, the transaction was valued for accounting purposes at an estimated $3,507,000, which was the estimated fair value of the consideration paid by the Company, after it was determined post closing that the net working capital was only approximately $92,000. The estimate was based on the consideration paid of 120,192 shares of common stock valued based on the closing price on July 31, 2015 of $7.20 per share and estimated cash of approximately $2,642,000 paid based on terms of the agreement.     The assets and liabilities of Agile are recorded at their respective fair values as of the closing date of the Agile Agreement, and the following table summarizes these values. This included approximately $500,000 of contingent consideration management estimated at the date of closing would be paid.     The intangibles were recorded, based on the estimated of fair value, which consist primarily of customer relationships with an estimated life of five to ten years and goodwill.      (in Thousands)           Intangible asset detail           Goodwill and intangibles related to the acquisition of Agile will not be deductible for tax purposes.       Access       On October 4, 2015, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Access Data Agreement") with William Daniel Dampier and Carol Lee Dampier (collectively, the "Sellers"). Pursuant to the terms of the Access Data Agreement the Company acquired on October 4, 2015, 100% of the outstanding stock of Access Data Consulting Corporation., a Colorado corporation ("Access Data"), for a purchase price (the "Purchase Price") equal to $13,000,000 plus or minus the NWC Adjustment Amount (as defined below) plus up to $2,000,000 of an "earnout".            The consideration shall be paid as follows:                      Cash Payment to Sellers. At the closing, the Company paid to Sellers $7,000,000 in cash (the "Closing Cash Payment").                          Working Capital Reserve Fund. In addition to the Closing Cash Payment to Sellers, the Company shall pay to Sellers an additional $1,000,000 (the "Working Capital Holdback"), plus or minus the NWC Adjustment Amount, in cash within twenty (20) days after the completion of an audit of Access Data's financial information from its most recent fiscal year end to the closing date, but in any event not later than ninety (90) days after the closing date. The estimated working capital was approximately $1,879,000. As of May 14, 2016, the Company had fully paid the liability related to the Working Capital Reserve Fund.                              Purchase Price Adjustment   Working Capital. The Purchase Price will be adjusted (positively or negatively) based upon the difference in the book value of the "Closing Working Capital" as compared to the "Benchmark Working Capital" of $2 million (such difference to be called the "NWC Adjustment Amount"). If the NWC Adjustment Amount is positive the Purchase Price will be increased by the NWC Adjustment Amount. If the NWC Adjustment Amount is negative, the Purchase Price will be decreased by the NWC Adjustment Amount. If the Purchase Price increases, then the Company will pay to the Sellers the sum of the increase plus the Working Capital Holdback within twenty (20) days of a final determination. If the Purchase Price decreases then Sellers will pay the amount of the decrease to the Company within twenty (20) days of a final determination, which first shall be funded from the Working Capital Holdback held by the Company (which shall be credited to the Sellers). If the amount of the Purchase Price decrease exceeds the Working Capital Holdback, then the Sellers will pay the difference to the Company within twenty (20) days of a final determination. If the Working Capital Holdback exceeds the payment due from the Sellers, then the remaining balance of those funds after the payment to the Company shall be paid to the Sellers.                          Sellers' Promissory Notes at the closing, the Company delivered to the Sellers a Subordinated Nonnegotiable Promissory Note (the "Sellers' Promissory Note") executed by the Company in the aggregate principal amount of $3,000,000. The Sellers' Promissory Note is secured by the certain collateral of the Company pursuant to a Security Agreement dated as of October 4, 2015 by and among the Company and the Sellers (the "Security Agreement").                        Earnout Payment. Up to an additional $2,000,000 (the "Earnout") may be paid by the Company to the Sellers with respect to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, subject to the satisfaction of certain earnout provisions contained in the Access Data Agreement. Any earnout payment to be paid by the Company shall be paid 50% in the form of cash and 50% in the form of shares of Company common stock. A contingent liability of $2,000,000 was initially recorded in contingent consideration related to this potential earn-out based on Managements' estimated first year performance at the time of the acquisition. As of September 30, 2016 management had determined Access would not meet the minimum threshold to earn any earn-out and the liability was reduced to $0.                        Payment of Shares of Company Common Stock. Two Million Dollars ($2,000,000) of the Purchase Price will be paid in issued shares of common stock of the Company. The number of shares of common stock payable to the Sellers will be approximately 328,000 shares at $6.10 per share (the "Issue Price"); provided however, that if, during such twenty (20) day trading period, the Company pays a dividend in, splits, combines into a smaller number of shares, or issues by reclassification any additional shares of its common stock (a "Stock Event"), then the closing prices used in the above calculation shall be appropriately adjusted to provide the Sellers the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such action. This stock was valued at approximately $2,197,000 based on the closing price of $6.70 on October 5, 2015. If the closing price of the shares of the Company's common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the day on which the Issued Shares are first freely salable under Rule 144 (the "Rule 144 Date") is less than 90% of the Issue Price, then the Company shall make a one-time adjustment and shall promptly pay to the Sellers, in stock in the form of additional shares of common stock of the Company at the market value on the Rule 144 Date, the difference between the aggregate value of the Issued Shares at the Issue Price and the aggregate value of the Issued Shares at the closing price on the Rule 144 Date, the "guarantee". A contingent liability of $500,000 was recorded in contingent consideration related to this potential adjustment in shares issued. On April 4, 2016 the Company issued approximately 123,000 shares of common stock to the Sellers of Access Data Consulting Corporation. This was based on market value of the stock on April 4, 2016 being approximately $544,000 less than $2,000,000 six month guaranteed and based on the closing stock price of $4.44 per common share. The Company recognized a loss on change of contingent consideration of approximately $44,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016.                The Company recognized a net gain on change of contingent consideration of approximately $1,956,000 related to the issuance of additional stock and reduction of estimated earnout payments. The Company increased the original purchase price by approximately $600,000 related to a mutual tax election as described in the purchase agreement.      On October 4, 2015, the Company issued to the Sellers the Sellers' Promissory Note. Interest on the outstanding principal balance of the Sellers' Promissory Note is payable at the rate of 5.5% per annum. The principal and interest amount of the Sellers' Promissory Note is payable as follows: (i) for the first twelve months commencing on November 4, 2015 and ending on October 4, 2016, a monthly payment of approximately $57,000 in principal and interest, (ii) on October 4, 2016 a balloon payment of principal of $1,000,000, (iii) for the next twelve months commencing on November 4, 2016 and ending on October 4, 2017, a monthly payment of approximately $28,000 in principal and interest, (iv) on October 4, 2017 a balloon payment of principal of approximately $1,202,000 and (v) on October 4, 2017 any and all amounts of previously unpaid principal and accrued interest. The Sellers' Promissory Note is subordinated in payment to the obligations of the Company to ACF FINCO I LLP pursuant to the terms and provisions of a Subordination and Intercreditor Agreement dated October 5, 2015 between ACF FINCO I LLP and the Sellers.     The intangibles were recorded, based on the estimated of fair value, which consist primarily of customer lists with an estimated life of five to ten years and goodwill.      (in Thousands)           Intangible asset detail            Under the 338(h)(10) election, all goodwill and intangibles related to the acquisition of Access will be fully deductible for tax purposes.       Paladin       GEE Group Inc. (the "Company") entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 1, 2016 (the "Paladin Agreement") with Enoch S. Timothy and Dorothy Timothy (collectively, the "Sellers"). Pursuant to the terms of the Paladin Agreement the Company acquired on January 1, 2016, 100% of the outstanding stock of Paladin Consulting Inc., a Texas corporation ("Paladin"), for a purchase price (the "Purchase Price") equal to $1,750,000,  minus  the Circle Lending Loan Amount (as defined below)  plus  up to $1,000,000 in contingent promissory notes,  minus  the NWC Reduction Amount (as defined below) (if any)  plus  up to $1,250,000 of "earnouts".            The consideration shall be paid as follows:                       Cash Payment to Sellers . At the closing, the Company paid to the Sellers $1,750,000 in cash.                           Contingent Promissory Notes . Up to an additional $1,000,000 of the Purchase Price shall subsequently be paid by the Company to the Sellers in the form of contingent Promissory Notes (the "Promissory Notes") if (i) the final determination of the Revenue (as defined in the Paladin Agreement) for the period beginning on January 1, 2016 and ending on December 31, 2016 (the "Earnout Period") exceeds $15,000,000 and (ii) Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Paladin Agreement) for the Earnout Period, exceeds $500,000. The principal amount of the Promissory Notes is subject to reduction by the NWC Reduction Amount (as defined below). There was no liability recorded for this as the estimated negative working capital exceeds $1,000,000 at December 31, 2015.                                 NWC Reduction Amount . The Sellers have agreed to pay to the Company the amount by which the Net Working Capital of Paladin (defined as Paladin's Current Assets, determined in accordance with GAAP minus Paladin's Current Liabilities, determined in accordance with GAAP) is a negative number. The Purchase Price shall be reduced dollar for dollar for each dollar by which the Net Working Capital is a negative amount (i.e., less than $0). The amount by which the Net Working Capital is less than $0 is the "NWC Reduction Amount." The reduction shall first be applied to reduce the $1,000,000 portion of the Purchase Price that is the Promissory Notes. If the reduction exceeds $1,000,000, then that excess shall be immediately paid by the Sellers via a wire transfer of the applicable dollar amount to the Company. There was no liability recorded for this as the estimated negative working capital exceeds $1,000,000 at December 31, 2015.                           Earnout Payment . Up to an additional $750,000 of the Purchase Price (the "Earnout") will subsequently be paid by the Company to Sellers with respect to the Earnout Period, in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions in the Paladin Agreement. Any Earnout payment made by the Company, shall, at the option of the Company, be paid (i) in shares of common stock of the Company or (ii) in immediately available funds. Certain "Retention Bonuses" (as defined in the Paladin Agreement) paid to employees of Paladin on or before February 1, 2017, but not exceeding $275,000 in the aggregate will reduce the Earnout payment. For the year ended September 30, 2016 the Company recognized a $375,000 loss on change of contingent consideration.                           Additional Stock Earnout Payment . Up to an additional $500,000 of the Purchase Price (the "Additional Earnout") will subsequently be paid by the Company to Sellers in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions in the Paladin Agreement. Any such Additional Earnout payment shall be paid in shares of common stock of the Company.                           Subordinated Deferred Payment Rights . Notwithstanding the above, the Sellers have agreed that the Earnout Payment and Additional Stock Earnout Payment shall be subordinate and junior in right of payment to any "Senior Indebtedness" (as defined in the Paladin Agreement) now or hereafter existing to "Senior Lenders" (current or future) (as defined in the Paladin Agreement).          Under the purchase method of accounting, the transaction was valued for accounting purposes at an estimated $2,625,000, which was the estimated fair value of the consideration paid by the Company, after it was determined post-closing that the net negative working capital was approximately $1,387,000. The estimate was based on the consideration paid of $1,750,000 paid in cash, approximately $500,000 of contingent stock consideration related to Paladin exceeding the threshold EBITDA of $650,000 and the estimated contingent consideration related to Paladin exceeding the threshold EBITDA of $650,000 by approximately $75,000. A contingent liability of $375,000 was initially recorded related to this earn-out, which is five times the estimated EBITDA above the $650,000 threshold. Management does not expect to recover the negative working capital directly from the Seller, only a reduction in possible future earn-out payments. As of September 30, 2016, management revalued the contingent liability to the full $750,000 with a $375,000 loss recognized in the income statement.     The assets and liabilities of Paladin were recorded at their respective fair values as of the closing date of the Paladin Agreement, and the following table summarizes these values based on the estimated balance sheet at January 1, 2016.      The intangibles were recorded, based on the estimated fair value, which are expected to consist primarily of customer lists, trade name and a non-compete agreement with estimated lives of five to ten years and goodwill. Upon completion of an independent purchase price allocation and valuation, the allocation intangible assets will be adjusted accordingly.             (in Thousands)           Intangible asset detail            Under the 338(h)(10) election, all goodwill and intangibles related to the acquisition of Paladin will be fully deductible for tax purposes.       Consolidated pro-forma unaudited financial statements       The following unaudited pro forma combined financial information is based on the historical financial statements of the Company and Scribe Solutions Inc., Agile Resources, Inc., Access Data Consulting Corporation and Paladin Consulting, Inc., after giving effect to the Company's acquisition as if the acquisitions occurred on October 1, 2014.      The following unaudited pro forma information does not purport to present what the Company's actual results would have been had the acquisitions occurred on October 1, 2014, nor is the financial information indicative of the results of future operations. The following table represents the unaudited consolidated pro forma results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as if the acquisition occurred on October 1, 2014. The pro forma results of operations for the year ended September 30, 2016 only include Paladin, as all other acquisitions either occurred prior to October 1, 2015 or had an immaterial effect on pro forma balances. Operating expenses have been increased for the amortization expense associated with the estimated fair value adjustment as of each acquisition during the respective period for the expected definite lived intangible assets. Operating expenses have been increased for the amortization expense associated with the fair value adjustment of definite lived intangible assets of approximately $50,000 more in 2016 and has been increased by approximately $1,250,000 in 2015.     (in Thousands, except per share data)                  The Company's consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2016 include the actual results of Scribe Solutions Inc., Agile Resources, Inc., Access Data Consulting Corporation and Paladin Consulting, Inc. since the date of acquisition, respectively.            The Company's consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2015 include the actual results of Scribe Solutions Inc. and Agile Resources, Inc., since the date of acquisition, respectively.             13. Leases      The Company leases space for all of its branch offices, which are located either in downtown or suburban business centers, and for its corporate headquarters. Branch offices are generally leased over periods from three to five years. The corporate office lease expires in 2018. The leases generally provide for payment of basic rent plus a share of building real estate taxes, maintenance costs and utilities.     Rent expense was approximately $1,114,000 in fiscal 2016 and $761,000 in fiscal 2015. As of September 30, 2016, future minimum lease payments due under non-cancelable lease agreements having initial terms in excess of one year, including certain closed offices, equipment and facilities, totaled approximately $2,326,000, as follows: fiscal 2017 - $834,000, fiscal 2018 - $693,000, fiscal 2019 - $526,000, fiscal 2020   $231,000, fiscal 2021   $42,000, and thereafter - $2,326,000.      14. Segment Data      The Company provides the following distinctive services: (a) direct hire placement services, (b) temporary professional services staffing in the fields of information technology, engineering, medical, and accounting, and (c) temporary light industrial staffing. These distinct services can be divided into two reportable segments, Industrial Staffing Services and Professional Staffing Services. Selling, general and administrative expenses are not completely separately allocated among light industrial services and professional staffing services.            Unallocated Corporate expenses primarily include, certain executive compensation expenses and salaries, certain administrative salaries, corporate legal expenses, stock amortization expenses, consulting expenses, audit fees, corporate rent and facility costs, board fees, acquisition, integration and restructuring expenses and interest expense.                           Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.          None.              Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures.          We carried out an evaluation required by Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures  and  internal control over financial reporting  as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report.     The evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting included a review of our objectives and processes, implementation by us and the effect on the information generated for use in this Annual Report. In the course of this evaluation and in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, we sought to identify material weaknesses in our controls, to determine whether we had identified any acts of fraud involving personnel who have a significant role in our internal control over financial reporting that would have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements, and to confirm that any necessary corrective action, including process improvements, were being undertaken. Our evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures is done quarterly and management reports the effectiveness of our controls and procedures in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our internal control over financial reporting is also evaluated on an ongoing basis by our executive management and by other individuals in our organization. The overall goals of these evaluation activities are to monitor our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting and to make modifications as necessary. We periodically evaluate our processes and procedures and make improvements as required.     Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management applies its judgment in assessing the benefits of controls relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.      Disclosure Controls and Procedures      Disclosure controls and procedures are designed with the objective of ensuring that (i) information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and (ii) information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Based on their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.      Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting      Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Based on the foregoing evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016.     There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the year ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.       Item 9B. Other Information.       None             PART III                Item 10.   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.           DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS    Executive Officers      The named executive officers and directors of the Company as of December 21, 2016 are as follows:             Name        Age        Position       Derek Dewan      61      Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board      Alex Stuckey      50      President and Chief Operating Officer      Andrew J. Norstrud      43      Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director      George A. Bajalia *      58      Director      William M. Isaac*      72      Director      Dr. Arthur B. Laffer*      76      Director      Peter J. Tanous*      78      Director      Thomas C. Williams*      57      Director        * Indicates member of Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees.      Derek Dewan   Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board      Mr. Dewan, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Scribe Solutions, Inc. was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of the Company effective April 1, 2015. Mr. Dewan was previously Chairman and CEO of MPS Group, Inc. In January 1994, Mr. Dewan joined AccuStaff Incorporated, MPS Group's predecessor, as President and Chief Executive Officer, and took that company public in August 1994. Under Mr. Dewan's leadership the company became a Fortune 1000 world-class, global multi-billion dollar staffing services provider through significant organic growth and strategic acquisitions. MPS Group grew to include a vast network of offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Continental Europe, Asia and Australia. MPS Group experienced many years of continued success during Mr. Dewan's tenure and he led successful secondary stock offerings of $110 million and $370 million. The company was on the Wall Street Journal's "top performing stock list" for three consecutive years and included in the Standard and Poor s (S P) Mid-Cap 400. In 2009, Mr. Dewan was instrumental in the sale of MPS Group to the largest staffing company in the world, Adecco Group, for $1.3 billion.      Alex Stuckey, President and Chief Operating Officer      Mr. Stuckey joined the Company in April 2015 as its Chief Operating Officer and President. Mr. Stuckey was the President and Chief Operating Officer of Scribe Solutions, Inc. Prior to joining Scribe, Mr. Stuckey was the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Fire Fighters Equipment Co. Mr. Stuckey led that company from a start up to a multi-million dollar enterprise with substantial net profits through both organic and acquisition growth. At Fire Fighters, Mr. Stuckey developed unique marketing strategies, which were revolutionary to the industry. His efforts led to a successful stock sale of Fire Fighters to Cintas. Stuckey also has extensive experience in banking and finance, which he obtained after a successful career at Barnett Bank as a special assets officer. Mr. Stuckey graduated from Florida State University with a bachelor s in Entrepreneurship and Business Enterprises.              Andrew J. Norstrud   Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director        Mr. Norstrud joined the Company in March 2013 as CFO and served as CEO from March 7, 2014 until April 1, 2015. Mr. Norstrud became a director of the Company on March 7, 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Norstrud was a consultant with Norco Accounting and Consulting from October 2011 until March 2013. From October 2005 to October 2011, Mr. Norstrud served as the Chief Financial Officer for Jagged Peak. Prior to his role at Jagged Peak, Mr. Norstrud was the Chief Financial Officer of Segmentz, Inc. (XPO Logistics), and played an instrumental role in the company achieving its strategic goals by pursuing and attaining growth initiatives, building a financial team, completing and integrating strategic acquisitions and implementing the structure required of public companies. Previously, Mr. Norstrud worked for Grant Thornton LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and has extensive experience with young, rapid growth public companies. Mr. Norstrud earned a BA in Business and Accounting from Western State College and a Master of Accounting with a systems emphasis from the University of Florida. Mr. Norstrud is a Florida licensed Certified Public Accountant.      George A. Bajalia   Director        Mr. Bajalia joined the Company as a director in January 2015. Mr. Bajalia has over 30 years of business experience, with financial, operational and management expertise in many industries including the staffing industry. Since 2001, Bajalia has provided consulting, advisory and interim management services to executive management, boards, business owners and private equity firms. He has assisted them with implementing their growth and working capital strategies, turnarounds, recapitalizations and strategic objectives.      Mr. Bajalia started his career as a certified public accountant (CPA) at KPMG Peat Marwick in 1980. From 1984 to 1991, Bajalia worked in all areas of finance and as a portfolio company manager for an investment holding company based in Florida. In 1991 he became the chief financial officer (CFO) of one of the public company portfolio investments, Wickes Inc. The company was a leading multi-state distributor of building materials and manufacturer of building components in the US with approximately $1 billion in revenue. During his tenure with Wickes, Mr. Bajalia led the development and implementation of a turnaround and strategic business plan and a $300 million recapitalization including a public stock and bond offering.      From 1998 to 2001 Mr. Bajalia served as chief executive officer (CEO) and chief operating officer (COO) of the professional services division of MPS Group, Inc. (MPS), a publicly traded staffing company. This division had offices throughout the United States and the United Kingdom, and over $650 million in revenue and $80 million in pretax profits. Mr. Bajalia s achievements with MPS included the integration of five specialty business units, which led to increased organic revenue growth of $200 million and pretax profits of $40 million within two years. He also served as a director of MPS.      Mr. Bajalia s leadership and communication skills have earned him the reputation as a results-oriented manager. He received his B.S. in Accounting from Florida State University, is a licensed CPA and real estate broker, and is a member of several professional associations.       William M. Isaac   Director      Mr. Isaac joined the Company as a director in June 2015. A former Chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ), he has significant experience as a director on boards of directors of several public and private companies, including publicly traded (NYSE) staffing giant MPS Group, Inc., which was sold to the largest staffing firm in the world, Adecco Group for $1.3 billion in 2009. Mr. Isaac is presently a senior managing director of FTI Consulting, Inc. ( FTI ) and serves as Global Head of FTI s Financial Institutions practice.            Mr. Isaac has extensive experience in business, finance and governance. In 1986, he founded The Secura Group, a leading financial institutions consulting firm and operated the business until it was acquired by FTI in 2011. Prior to forming Secura, Mr. Isaac headed the FDIC during the banking crisis of the 1980s, serving under Presidents Carter and Reagan from 1978 through 1985. Mr. Isaac currently serves as a member of the board of TSYS, a leading worldwide payments system processing company, and is the former Chairman of Fifth Third Bancorp, one of the nation s leading banking companies. Also, Isaac is a former member of the boards of Trans Union Corporation; The Associates prior to its sale to Citigroup and Amex Centurion Bank. He is involved extensively in thought leadership relating to the financial services industry. Mr. Isaac is the author of  Senseless Panic: How Washington Failed America  with a foreword by legendary former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker.  Senseless Panic  provides an inside account of the banking and S L crises of the 1980s and compares that period to the financial crisis of 2008-2009. Mr. Isaac s articles are published in the  Wall Street  Journa l,  Washington Post ,  New York Times ,  American Banker ,  Forbes ,  Financial Times ,  Washington Times , and other leading publications. He also appears regularly on television and radio, testifies before Congress, and is a frequent speaker before audiences throughout the world.     Mr. Isaac served as chairman of the FDIC during one of the most tumultuous periods in US banking history. Some 3,000 banks and thrifts failed during the 1980s, including Continental Illinois and nine of the ten largest banks in Texas. The President appointed Mr. Isaac to the board of the FDIC at the age of 34, making him the youngest FDIC board member and chairman in history. Mr. Isaac also served as chairman of the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (1983-85), as a member of the Depository Institutions Deregulation Committee (1981 85), and as a member of the Vice President s Task Group on Regulation of Financial Services (1984).     Mr. Isaac began his career as an attorney with Foley   Lardner and was a senior partner with Arnold   Porter. He holds a JD, summa cum laude, College of Law, The Ohio State University ( OSU ) and a B.S in economics and LLD ( honorary ) from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio. Isaac is involved with several charitable and not for profit organizations including current and past service on the OSU Foundation Board, member of the OSU  Presidents Club , former Trustee of the Miami University Foundation Board and a member the University s  Business Advisory Council , Goodwill Industries and the Community Foundation of Sarasota, Fl. Bill received a  Distinguished Achievement Medal  in 1995 from Miami University and a  Distinguished Alumnus Award  in 2013 from OSU.      Dr. Arthur B. Laffer   Director        Dr. Laffer joined the Company as a director in January 2015. Dr. Arthur Laffer is the founder and chairman of Laffer Associates, an economic research and consulting firm. A former member of President Reagan s Economic Policy Advisory Board during the 1980s, Dr. Laffer s economic acumen and influence have earned him the distinction in many publications as  The Father of Supply-Side Economics . He has served on several boards of directors of public and private companies, including staffing giant MPS Group, Inc., which was sold to Adecco Group for $1.3 billion in 2009. Dr. Laffer was previously a consultant to Secretary of the Treasury William Simon, Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, and Secretary of the Treasury George Shultz. In the early 1970s, Dr. Laffer was the first to hold the title of Chief Economist at the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under Mr. Shultz.      Additionally, Dr. Laffer was formerly the Distinguished University Professor at Pepperdine University and a member of the Pepperdine Board of Directors. He also served as Charles B. Thornton Professor of Business Economics at the University of Southern California and as Associate Professor of Business Economics at the University of Chicago.      Laffer is credited with advancing the concept of supply-side economics when he drew a curve on the back of a napkin at a dinner meeting, showing that government tax receipts can sometimes increase when federal income tax rates are lowered. The Laffer Curve and supply side economics served as the foundation for Reaganomics in the 1980s when Dr. Laffer served on the President s Economic Policy Advisory Board from 1981 to 1989. Dr. Laffer has been recognized for his achievements in economics, having been featured in  Time Magazine s  1999 cover story,  The Century s Greatest Minds , for inventing the Laffer Curve, which  Time  deemed  one of a few of the advances that powered this extraordinary century . Bloomberg BusinessWeek recently featured the Laffer Curve as part of  The 85 Most Disruptive Ideas in Our History . A video is available on their website which features a re-creation of the famous drawing of the Laffer Curve with Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney.      Dr. Laffer has received multiple awards for his economic work, including two Graham and Dodd Awards from the Financial Analyst Federation; the Distinguished Service Award by the National Association of Investment Clubs; the Adam Smith Award for his insights and contributions to the Wealth of Nations; and the Daniel Webster Award for public speaking by the International Platform Association. Dr. Laffer received a B.A. in economics from Yale University and an MBA and Ph.D. in economics from Stanford University.                  Peter J. Tanous   Director        Mr. Tanous joined the Company as a director in May 2015. He has served on several boards of directors of public and private companies, including staffing giant and publicly traded (NYSE) MPS Group, Inc. ( MPS ), which was sold to the largest staffing company in the world, Adecco Group for $1.3 billion in 2009. Mr. Tanous is Chairman of Lynx Investment Advisory of Washington D.C., an SEC registered investment advisory firm. In prior years, Mr. Tanous was International Regional Director with Smith Barney and a member of the executive committee of Smith Barney International, Inc. He served for ten years as executive vice president and a director of Bank Audi (USA) in New York, and was earlier chairman of Petra Capital Corporation in New York. A graduate of Georgetown University, he serves on the university s investment committee and as a member of the Georgetown University Library Board.     Mr. Tanous  book,  Investment Gurus , published by Prentice Hall in 1997, received wide critical acclaim in financial circles and was chosen as a main selection of  The Money Book Club . His subsequent book,  The Wealth Equation , was also chosen as a  Money Book Club  main selection.  Investment Visionaries , was published in August 2003 by Penguin Putnam and  Kiplinger s Build a Winning Portfolio , was published by Kaplan Press in January 2008. Tanous co-authored (with Dr. Arthur Laffer, the  Father of Supply Side Economics  and Stephen Moore, former  Wall Street Journal  writer and editorial board member)   The End of Prosperity ,  published by Simon   Schuster in October 2008. His most  recent  book,  Debt, Deficits and the Demise of the American Economy , co-authored with Jeff Cox, finance editor at CNBC, was published by Wiley in May 2011. In addition to Georgetown University, Tanous serves on several investment committees including: St. Jude Children s Research Hospital and Lebanese American University.     Mr. Tanous  experience as a director on corporate boards is extensive. At MPS Group ( MPS ), he served as chairman of the audit committee and on several other committees over many years. He gained significant staffing industry knowledge and experience as MPS was one of the largest companies in the U.S. in the field of professional staffing with specialization in accounting, engineering, health care and legal services including a significant concentration on information technology delivered through its  Modis  brand. Also, Mr. Tanous served on the board of Cedars Bank, Los Angeles, a California state commercial bank with branches in Orange County and San Francisco, and as a director at Worldcare Ltd., Cambridge, Mass, a company in the field of health care services and telemedicine diagnostics.      Thomas C. Williams   Director      Mr. Williams has served as a director of the Company since July 2009. Since 2005, Mr. Williams has served as acting Vice Chairman of Capital Management of Bermuda (previously Travelers of Bermuda), a company providing pension benefits for expatriates who have worked outside the U.S. and accrued benefits towards their retirement which are not covered by their domestic pension plans. Additionally, Mr. Williams has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Innova Insurance Ltd., a Bermuda based insurer, which provides extension risk to the Capital Markets on life insurance related assets from 2005 to 2009 when it was acquired. Mr. Williams is Chairman of the Nominating Committee and is a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees. The Company believes that Mr. Williams is qualified to sit on the Board of Directors because of his significant management experience.     All executive officers are elected annually by the Board of Directors at the first meeting of the Board of Directors held following each Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and they hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. There are no family relationships among any of the directors or executive officers of the Company.      Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance      Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and officers, and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of its equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership (typically, Forms 3, 4 and/or 5) of such equity securities with the SEC. Such entities are also required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all such Section 16(a) reports.     Based solely on a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company and written representations that no Form 5 or amendments thereto were required, the Company believes that during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, its directors and officers, and greater than 10% beneficial owners, have complied with all Section 16(a) filing.             Board of Directors Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight      Our Board has no policy regarding the separation of the offices of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. We currently combine the role of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The Board believes that Mr. Dewan s service as both Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. Mr. Dewan possesses detailed and in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and challenges facing the Company and its business and is thus best positioned to develop agendas that ensure that the Board s time and attention are focused on the most critical matters. His combined role enables decisive leadership, ensures clear accountability and enhances the Company s ability to communicate its strategy clearly and consistently to the Company s shareholders, employees and customers.     Independent directors and management have different perspectives and roles in strategy development. The Company s independent directors bring experience, oversight and expertise from outside the company and industry, while the management brings company-specific experience and expertise. The Board of Directors believes that a board of directors combined with independent board members and management is in the best interest of shareholders because it promotes strategy development and execution, and facilitates information flow between management and the Board of Directors, which are essential to effective governance.      The Board of Directors does not have a lead independent director. The Board of Directors provides overall risk oversight for the Company as part of its normal, ongoing responsibilities. It receives reports from Mr. Dewan, Mr. Norstrud and other members of senior management on a periodic basis on areas of risk facing the Company. In addition, Board of Directors committees oversee specific elements of risk or potential risk.      Director Independence      The Board of Directors has determined that each director, other than Mr. Dewan and Mr. Norstrud, is an independent director under the listing standards of the NYSE MKT. In addition, the Board of Directors has determined that each current member of the Audit Committee meets the additional independence criteria required for audit committee membership under the listing standards of the NYSE MKT and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act.      Board of Directors and Committee Meetings      The Board of Directors meets on a regularly scheduled basis to review significant developments affecting the Company and to act on matters requiring Board of Directors approval. It also holds special meetings when an important matter requires Board of Directors action between scheduled meetings. The Board of Directors held 6 meetings during the last fiscal year. No director of the Company attended less than 75% of the total meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees on which such Board of Directors members served during this period.     The members of the Board of Directors are expected to attend the Company s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. There are three standing committees of the Board of Directors, which are the Nominating Committee, the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee.      Nominating Committee      The functions of the Nominating Committee are to assist the Board of Directors in identifying, interviewing and recommending to the Board of Directors qualified candidates to fill positions on the Board of Directors. The Nominating Committee met one time during fiscal 2016.     The Company does not have a policy regarding the consideration of diversity, however defined, in identifying nominees for director. Instead, in evaluating candidates to serve on the Company s Board of Directors, consideration is given to the level of experience, financial literacy and business acumen of the candidate. In addition, qualified candidates for director are those who, in the judgment of the Nominating Committee, have significant decision-making responsibility, with business, legal or academic experience. The Nominating Committee will consider recommendations for Board of Directors candidates that are received from various sources, including directors and officers of the Company, other business associates and shareholders, and all candidates will be considered on an equal basis, regardless of source.            Shareholders may contact the Nominating Committee to make such recommendations by writing in care of the Secretary of the Company, at 184 Shuman Blvd., Suite 420, Naperville, Illinois 60563. Submissions must be in accordance with the Company s By-Laws and include: (a) a statement that the writer is a shareholder and is proposing a candidate for consideration by the Nominating Committee; (b) the name, address and number of shares beneficially owned by the shareholder; (c) the name, address and contact information of the candidate being recommended; (d) a description of the qualifications and business experience of the candidate; (e) a statement detailing any relationships between the candidate and the Company and any relationships or understandings between the candidate and the proposing shareholder; and (f) the written consent of the candidate that the candidate is willing to serve as a director if nominated and elected.     The Nominating Committee is presently composed of three non-employee, independent directors: Thomas C. Williams (Chairman), Dr. Arthur B. Laffer, and Peter J Tanous.      The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee Charter is not available on the Company s website. A copy of the Nominating Committee Charter was attached as an appendix to the proxy statement prepared in connection with the January 21, 2011, Annual Meeting of Shareholders.      Audit Committee      The Audit Committee is primarily concerned with the effectiveness of the Company s accounting policies and practices, its financial reporting and its internal accounting controls. In addition, the Audit Committee reviews and approves the scope of the annual audit of the Company s books, reviews the findings and recommendations of the independent registered public accounting firm at the completion of their audit, and approves annual audit fees and the selection of an auditing firm. The Audit Committee met four times during fiscal 2016.     The Audit Committee is presently composed of four non-employee, independent directors: Peter J. Tanous (Chairman), Dr. Arthur B. Laffer, George A. Bajalia and William M. Isaac. Peter J. Tanous was appointed by the Board of Directors as the Chairman of the Audit Committee in July of 2016. The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Bajalia, Dr. Laffer, Mr. Tanous and Mr. Isaac are all considered an  audit committee financial expert  as defined by rules of the SEC. The Board of Directors has determined that each audit committee financial expert meets the additional independence criteria required under the listing standards of the NYSE MKT and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act.      The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee Charter is not available on the Company s website. A copy of the Audit Committee Charter is attached to the form 10Q filed filed with the SEC on February 16, 2016.      Compensation Committee      The Compensation Committee has the sole responsibility for approving and evaluating the officer compensation plans, policies and programs. It may not delegate this authority. It meets as often as necessary to carry out its responsibilities. The Compensation Committee has the authority to retain compensation consultants, but has not done so. The Compensation Committee met one time during fiscal 2016.     In the past, the Compensation Committee has met each September to consider the compensation of the Company s executive officers, including the establishment of base salaries and performance targets for the succeeding year, and the consideration of stock option awards. Management provides the Compensation Committee with such information as may be requested by the Compensation Committee, which in the past has included historical compensation information of the executive officers, tally sheets, internal pay equity statistics, and market survey data. Under the guidelines of the NYSE MKT, the Chief Executive Officer may not be present during the Compensation Committee s deliberations regarding his compensation. If requested by the Committee, the Chief Executive Officer may provide recommendations regarding the compensation of the other officers.            The Compensation Committee also has the responsibility to make recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the compensation of directors.     The Compensation Committee is presently composed of three non-employee, independent directors: Dr. Arthur B. Laffer (Chairman), George A. Bajalia and Thomas C. Williams.      The Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee Charter is not available on the Company s website. A copy the Compensation Committee Charter was attached as an appendix to the proxy statement prepared in connection with the January 28, 2010, Annual Meeting of Shareholders.      Mergers and Acquisition Committee      The Mergers and Acquisition Committee has the responsibility for evaluating acquisitions and the necessary financing to complete the acquisitions that are determined by management to meet the minimum criteria for evaluation. The Mergers and Acquisitions Committee has the responsibility to keep the entire board informed of managements acquisitions and only after the Committee has determined an acquisition qualifies is the acquisition presented to the entire board for approval The Mergers and Acquisition Committee has the authority to retain compensation consultants, but has not done so. The Mergers and Acquisition Committee met twice during fiscal 2016.     The Mergers and Acquisition Committee is presently composed of three non-employee, independent directors: George A. Bajalia (Chairman), Dr. Arthur B. Laffer, and William M. Isaac.       Shareholder Communications      The Board of Directors has established a procedure by which shareholders of the Company can communicate with the Board of Directors. Shareholders interested in communicating with the Board of Directors as a group or with individual directors may do so, in writing. Correspondence to the directors should be sent by regular mail c/o the Secretary, General Employment Enterprises, Inc., 184 Shuman Blvd, Suite 420, Naperville, Illinois 60563. Any such correspondence will be reviewed by the Secretary, who will then forward it to the appropriate parties. Communications that are solicitations or deemed to be irrelevant to the Board of Directors  responsibilities may be discarded, at the discretion of the Secretary.      Corporate Code of Ethics       We have a Code of Ethics that applies to all directors and employees, including our senior management team. The Code of Ethics is designed to deter wrongdoing, to promote the honest and ethical conduct of all employees and to promote compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirements under applicable SEC rules relating to amendments to the Code of Ethics or waivers from any provision thereof applicable to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer by posting such information on our website pursuant to SEC rules.      Our Code of Ethics was attached as an exhibit to our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2013. In addition, you may obtain a printed copy of the Code of Ethics, without charge, by sending a request to: General Employment Enterprises, Inc., 184 Shuman Blvd., Suite 420, Naperville, Illinois 60563, Attn.: Secretary.               Item 11. Executive Compensation.        EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION       Summary Compensation Information      The following table summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to all individuals serving as the Company s principal executive officer, its two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer, and up to two additional individuals who were serving as executive officers at the end of the last completed fiscal year, for each of the last two completed fiscal years. These individuals are referred to throughout this proxy statement as the  named executive officers.       Summary Compensation Table         ___________         (1)  Mr. Dewan was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on April 1, 2015.               (2)  Mr. Stuckey became the President and Chief Operating Officer on April 1, 2015.               (3)  Mr. Norstrud has served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company since March, 2013. Mr. Norstrud served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company from March 7, 2014 until April 1, 2015. Mr. Norstrud was granted options to purchase 30,000 shares of common stock during the fiscal year 2015 and was granted options to purchase 0 shares of common stock during fiscal year 2016.                 Employment and Change in Control Agreements        Andrew Norstrud:   On August 13, 2013, the Company entered an employment agreement with Andrew J. Norstrud (the  Norstrud Employment Agreement ). The Norstrud Employment Agreement provided for a three-year term ending on March 29, 2016, unless employment is earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof. Mr. Norstrud received a starting base salary at the rate of $200,000 per year which was adjusted by the Compensation Committee to $250,000 per year. Mr. Norstrud received options to purchase 20,000 shares of the Company s common stock in connection with his execution of the Norstrud Employment Agreement, and is also entitled to receive an annual bonus based on criteria to be agreed to by Mr. Norstrud and the Compensation Committee. Mr. Norstrud was granted an additional option to purchase 100,000 and 20,000 shares of the Company s common stock in connection with his employment with the Company. The Norstrud Employment Agreement contains standard termination, change of control, non-compete and confidentiality provisions. On July 24, 2015, the Company entered into an amendment to the Norstrud Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Norstrud s term of employment was extended to March 29, 2017. Additionally, the term will automatically extend for successive one year periods unless written notice is given by either party no later than 90 days prior to the expiration of the initial term.       Derek Dewan:   On August 12, 2016, the Company entered an employment agreement with Derek Dewan (the  Dewan Employment Agreement ). The Dewan Employment Agreement provides for a five-year term ending on August 15, 2021, unless employment is earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions thereof and after the initial term has a standard 1 year automatic extension clause if there is no notice the Company of termination. Mr. Dewan received a starting base salary at the rate of $300,000 per year which can be adjusted by the Compensation Committee. Mr. Dewan is entitled to receive an annual bonus based on criteria to be agreed to by Mr. Dewan and the Compensation Committee. The Dewan Employment Agreement contains standard termination, change of control, non-compete and confidentiality provisions.       Option Awards      The option awards column represents the fair value of the stock options as measured on the grant date. The methods and assumptions used to determine the fair value of stock options granted are disclosed in  Note 10 - Stock Option Plans  in the notes to consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere herein.     All stock options awarded to the named executive officers during fiscal 2016 and 2015 were at option prices that were equal to the market price on the date of grant, had vesting dates three years or less after the date of grant, and had expiration dates ten years after the date of grant.       Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End              Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year- End Table      The following table summarizes equity awards granted to Named Executive Officers and directors that were outstanding as of September 30, 2016:                       Option Awards             Stock Awards               Name             Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options:    # Exercisable                    Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options:    # Unexercisable                    Equity Incentive Plan Awards:    Number of Securities Underlying Unearned and Unexercisable Options:                    Option Exercise Price    $                    Option     Expiration     Date             # of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested    #                    Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested    $                    Equity Incentive Plan Awards:    Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested    #                    Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market of Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested    $                                                                                                                                                     Derek Dewan,   Chief Executive Officer         -              -              -              -              -         -              -              -              -                                                                                                                                                    Alex Stuckey,  President and Chief Operating Officer         -              -              -              -              -         -              -              -              -                                                                                                                                                    Andrew Norstrud,              20,000                 20,000                 -                 2.50             1/27/2024             -                 -                 -                  -           Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer             100,000                  -                   -                  3.50             3/04/2024              -                   -                   -                   -                         10,000                  -                   -                  7.00             7/24/2025              -                   -                   -                     -              Retirement Benefits      The Company does not maintain a tax-qualified defined benefit retirement plan for any of its executive officers or employees. The Company has a 401(k) retirement plan in which all full-time employees may participate after one year of service.      DIRECTOR COMPENSATION       Compensation of Directors      Under the Company s standard compensation arrangements that were in effect during fiscal 2015, each non-employee director received a monthly retainer of $2,000. This was discontinued as of April 18, 2015 and the members of the Board of Directors have only received stock options for their services as board members. Employees of the Company did not receive any additional compensation for service on the Board of Directors.            The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation paid to each of the non-employee directors during fiscal 2016:      Director Compensation                 (1)  The aggregate number of outstanding option awards at the end of fiscal 2016 were as follows for each of the non-employee directors: George A. Bajalia   none, William M. Isaac   20,000, Dr. Arthur B. Laffer   20,000, Peter J. Tanous   20,000 and Thomas C. Williams   none.         Option Awards      The option awards column represents the fair value of the stock options as measured on the grant date. The methods and assumptions used to determine the fair value of stock options granted are disclosed in  Note 10 - Stock Option Plans  in the notes to consolidated financial statements in the Company s Annual Report for fiscal 2016.       Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.        SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT       The following table sets forth information concerning the beneficial ownership of our voting securities as of December 21, 2016 by (i) each person who is known by us, based solely on a review of public filings, to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of our outstanding voting securities, (ii) each director, (iii) each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group.      Under applicable SEC rules, a person is deemed to be the  beneficial owner  of a voting security if such person has (or shares) either investment power or voting power over such security or has (or shares) the right to acquire such security within 60 days by any of a number of means, including upon the exercise of options or warrants or the conversion of convertible securities. A beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options, warrants and convertible securities that are held by the beneficial owner, but not those held by any other person, and which are exercisable or convertible within 60 days, have been exercised or converted.             Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all voting securities shown as being owned by them. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner in the table below is care of General Employment Enterprises, Inc., 184 Shuman Blvd, Suite 420, Naperville, Illinois 60563.       __________         *     Represents less than 1%.                    (2)     Represents 154,630 shares of common stock that Mr. Dewan owns independently. The remaining 288,636 shares can be acquired by Mr. Dewan upon the exercise of 288,636 common stock purchase warrants of the Company, at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. Mr. Dewan beneficially owns 443,266 shares and has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares.                (3)     Represents (i) 5,000 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) 150,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options approximately 130,000 are currently exercisable and included in the ownership table.                (4)     Represents (i) 78,571 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) 55,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options approximately 15,000 are currently exercisable and included in the ownership table.               (5)     Represents (i) 15,000 shares of common stock, (ii) 40,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options of which approximately 40,000 are currently exercisable and included in the ownership table.                 (6)     Represents (i) 4,000 shares of Common Stock, and (ii) 50,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options of which approximately 10,000 are currently exercisable and included in the ownership table.               (7)     Represents (i) 30,000 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 42,500 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options of which approximately 12,500 are currently exercisable and included in the ownership table.               (8)     Represents (i) 28,571 shares of Common Stock owned through Landmark Financial Corp, and (ii) 40,000 shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options of which approximately 20,000 are currently exercisable and included in the ownership table. Mr. Bajalia beneficially owns 28,571 shares of Common Stock and has sole voting and dispositive power over these shares.               (9)     Represents 150,000 shares of common stock that Mr. Stuckey acquired as a member of JOB LLC when JOB LLC distributed its assets to its members. Mr. Stuckey owns 1,637,663 shares of common stock from the conversion of 320,000 shares of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The remaining 288,636 Shares can be acquired by Mr. Stuckey upon the exercise of 288,636 common stock purchase warrants of the Company, at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. Mr. Stuckey beneficially owns 2,076,234 shares of common stock and has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares.                (10)     Ms. Brittany M. Dewan is the trustee of the Derek E. Dewan Irrevocable Living Trust II Dated the 27th of July, 2010. Ms. Dewan has the sole voting power and sole dispositive power over the 655,042 shares of Common Stock.                          Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.           Director Independence      Our Board of Directors is responsible to make independence determinations annually with the assistance of the Nominating Committee. Such independence determinations are made by reference to the independence standard under the definition of  independent director  under the NYSE MKT Listed Company Manual. Our Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that George A. Bajalia, William Isaac, Dr. Arthur B. Laffer, Peter Tanous, and Thomas C. Williams satisfy the independence standards under the NYSE MKT Listed Company Manual.      In addition to the independence standards provided in the NYSE MKT Listed Company Manual, our Board of Directors has determined that each director who serves on our Audit Committee satisfies standards established by the SEC providing that, in order to qualify as  independent  for the purposes of membership on that committee, members of audit committees may not (1) accept directly or indirectly any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from the Company other than their director compensation or (2) be an affiliated person of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Board of Directors has also determined that each member of the Compensation Committee satisfies the newly-adopted NYSE MKT standards for independence of Compensation Committee members, which became effective on July 1, 2013.      Related Party Transactions      Other than as disclosed below, except for the Norstrud Employment Agreement and the Dewan Employment Agreement described in "Executive Compensation" above, there have been no transactions since October 1, 2014, or any currently proposed transaction or series of similar transactions to which the Company was or is to be a party, in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which any current or former director or officer of the Company, any 5% or greater shareholder of the Company or any member of the immediate family of any such persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest.     In April 2015, the Company entered into a stock exchange agreement with Brittany M. Dewan as Trustee of the Derek E. Dewan Irrevocable Living Trust II dated the 27th of July, 2010, Brittany M. Dewan, individually, Allison Dewan, individually, Mary Menze, individually, and Alex Stuckey, individually (collectively, the  Scribe Shareholders ), pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Scribe Solutions Inc., a provider of data entry assistants (medical scribes) who specialize in electronic medical records (EMR) services for emergency departments, specialty physician practices and clinics ( Scribe ), from the Scribe Shareholders for 640,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company. In addition, the Company exchanged warrants to purchase up to 635,000 shares of the Company s common stock, for $2.00 per share, with a term of 5 years (the  Warrants ), for Scribe warrants held by two individuals. The issuances of the Series A Preferred Stock and Warrants by the Company was effected in reliance on the exemptions from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder.      Under its charter, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors is responsible to review and approve or ratify any transaction between the Company and a related person that is required to be disclosed under the rules and regulations of the SEC. Our management is responsible for bringing any such transaction to the attention of the Audit Committee. In approving or rejecting any such transaction, the Audit Committee considers the relevant facts and circumstances, including the material terms of the transaction, risks, benefits, costs, availability of other comparable services or products and, if applicable, the impact on a director s independence.               Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.       The Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors has selected Friedman, LLP to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and to audit the Company s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ending September 30, 2016 and 2015. Friedman LLP has served as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm since November 29, 2012.     The following table presents fees billed by Friedman, LLP for the following professional services rendered for the Company for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:          Audit fees  relate to services for the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year and for reviews of the interim consolidated financial statements included in the Company s quarterly reports filed with the SEC.      Audit-related fees  relate to services that are reasonably related to the audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not included in  audit fees.  These services include audits of the Company s 401(k) retirement plan and audits related to acquisitions and S-8 filings.     The Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, and to not engage them to perform the specific non-audit services proscribed by law or regulation. At the beginning of each fiscal year, the Audit Committee meets with the independent registered public accounting firm and approves the fees and services to be performed for the ensuing year. On a quarterly basis, the Audit Committee reviews the fees billed for all services provided for the year to date, and it pre-approves additional services if necessary. The Audit Committee s pre-approval policies allow management to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for consultations on tax or accounting matters up to an aggregate of $10,000 annually. All fees listed in the table above were approved in accordance with the Audit Committee s policies.              PART IV                Item 15.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.           Exhibits      The following exhibits are filed as part of this report:              No.          Description of Exhibit                  2.01      Securities Purchase and Tender Offer Agreement, dated March 30, 2009, by and among GEE Group Inc. and PSQ, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2009, Commission File No. 1-05707.                 2.02      Acquisition of Assets of On-Site Services dated June 2. 2010. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 8, 2010, File No. 1-05707.                 2.03      Financial Statements of On-Site Services dated August 16, 2010, Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1, Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 16, 2010, File No. 1-05707.                 3.01      Articles of Incorporation and amendments thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 1996, Commission File No. 1-05707.                 3.02      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013.                 3.03      By-Laws of GEE Group Inc. as amended June 30, 2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 30, 2009, Commission File No. 1-05707                 3.04      Certificate of designation of series a convertible preferred stock of GEE Group Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.04 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 22, 2014.                 3.05      Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company Reflecting the Reverse Stock Split. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 9, 2015                 3.06      Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company Reflecting the Capital Increase. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 9, 2015                 3.07      Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 14, 2016                       4.01      Rights Agreement dated as of February 4, 2000, between GEE Group Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as Rights Agent. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2000, Commission File No. 1-05707.                 4.02      Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2009, by and between General Employment Enterprises, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company, as Rights Agent. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2009, Commission File No. 1-05707.                                                      10.38      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Brad A. Imhoff dated June 26, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 1, 2013.                 10.39      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Katy Imhoff dated June 26, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 1, 2013.                 10.40      Executive Employment Agreement with Andrew Norstrud, dated March 29, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 15, 2013.                 10.41      Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement by and among DMCC Staffing, LLC, RFFG of Cleveland, LLC, the Company and Triad Personnel Services, Inc., dated April 17, 2013. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 24, 2013.                 10.42      GEE Group Inc. 2013 Incentive Stock Plan, effective July 23, 2013. Incorporated by reference as Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement dated August 21, 2013, Commission File No. 001-05707.*                 10.43      Loan and Security agreement and between  Keltic Financial Partners II, LLP and GEE Group Inc., Triad Personnel Services, Inc., BMPS, Inc., BMCH, Inc. d/b/a Triad Personnel Services, and BMCH PA, Inc., Triad Logistics (the  Loan Agreement ). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Form 10-K filed with the Commission on January 13, 2014.                 10.44      Second Amendment to Loan and Security agreement and between  ACF FINCO I LP (successor-in-interest to Keltic Financial Partners II, LP) and GEE Group Inc., Triad Personnel Services, Inc., BMPS, Inc., BMCH, Inc. d/b/a Triad Personnel Services, and BMCH PA, Inc., Triad Logistics (the  Loan Agreement ). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 22, 2014.                 10.45      Securities Purchase Agreement by and between GEE Group Inc. and Aracle SPF I, LLC dated March 31, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 20, 2014.                 10.46      First Amendment and Waiver to the Loan and Security Agreement between GEE Group Inc. and Keltic Financial Partners II, LP, dated September 27, 2013 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 20, 2014.                 10.47      Convertible Note Issued to Brio Capital Master Fund, Ltd. Dated August 6, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 14, 2014.                 10.48      Securities Purchase Agreement by and between GEE Group Inc. and Brio Capital Master Fund, Ltd. dated August 6, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 14, 2014.                 10.49      Stock Exchange Agreement by and between GEE Group Inc., Brittany M. Dewan as Trustee of the Derek E. Dewan Irrevocable Living Trust II dated the 27th of July, 2010, Brittany M. Dewan, individually, Allison Dewan, individually, Mary Menze, individually, and Alex Stuckey, individually. Incorporated by reference to Appendix B of Schedule 14C filed on March 6, 2015.                    10.50      The Amendment to the Employment Agreement by and among GEE Group Inc. and Mr. Andrew J. Norstrud, effective as of July 24, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 28, 2015.                 10.51      Stock Purchase Agreement dated July 31, 2015 by and between GEE Group Inc. and Tricia Dempsey. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 4, 2015.                 10.52      Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 4, 2015 by and among GEE Group Inc., William Daniel Dampier and Carol Lee Dampier. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2015.                 10.53      Subordinated Security Agreement dated October 4, 2015 by and among GEE Group Inc., William Daniel Dampier and Carol Lee Dampier. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2015.                 10.54      Registration Rights Agreement dated October 2, 2015 by and between GEE Group Inc. and JAX Legacy   Investment 1, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2015.                 10.55      Subscription Agreement dated October 2, 2015 by and between GEE Group Inc. and JAX Legacy   Investment 1, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2015.                 10.56      Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of January 1, 2016 by and among General Employment Enterprises, Inc., Enoch S. Timothy and Dorothy Timothy. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 4, 2016                 10.57      Eighth Amendment, Consent and Waiver dated as of January 1, 2016 (the "Amendment") to the Loan and Security Agreement dated September 27, 2013 by and among the Company, the Borrowers named therein, Access Data, Paladin and ACF FINCO I LP, as Lender Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2016                 10.58      Form of Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note dated as of January 1, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2016                 10.59      Employment Agreement dated August 12, 2016 between the Company and Derek Dewan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2016                  _______________    * Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.           SIGNATURES       Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.       GEE GROUP INC.    (Registrant)     Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.            Date: December 22, 2016    By:      /s/ Derek Dewan                Derek Dewan  Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board               (Principal Executive Officer)                                  Date: December 22, 2016    By:     /s/ Andrew J. Norstrud                Andrew J. Norstrud               Chief Financial Officer               (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)                     Date: December 22, 2016    By:     /s/ George A. Bajalia                George A. Bajalia                     Date: December 22, 2016    By:      /s/ William M. Isaac                William M. Isaac, Director                     Date: December 22, 2016    By:     /s/ Dr. Arthur B. Laffer                Dr. Arthur B. Laffer, Director                     Date: December 22, 2016    By:      /s/ Peter J. Tanous                Peter J. Tanous                        

<EX-23.1>
 2
 job_ex231.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
 
   job_ex231.htm      EXHIBIT 23.1         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM      We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-166173, 033-46124, 333-25129, and 333-78879) and Form S-3 (No. 333-204080) of GEE Group, Inc. f/k/a General Employment Enterprises, Inc. ("GEE") of our report dated December 22, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements of GEE, which appears in the Form 10-K of GEE for the year ended September 30, 2016.     /s/ Friedman LLP  Marlton, New Jersey  December 22, 2016   

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 job_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   job_ex311.htm      EXHIBIT 31.01       CERTIFICATION      I, Derek Dewan, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this Form 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 of GEE Group Inc.;               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                                (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                                5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                             (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                         (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                                  Date: December 22, 2016    By:     /s/ Derek Dewan              Derek Dewan                  Chief Executive Officer                (Principal Executive Officer)            

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 job_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   job_ex312.htm      EXHIBIT 31.02       CERTIFICATION      I, Andrew J. Norstrud, certify that:            1.  I have reviewed this Form 10-K annual report for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 of GEE Group Inc.;               2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;               3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;               4.  I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                                (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                         (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                         (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                         (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                                5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                          (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                   (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.                               Date: December 22, 2016    By:     /s/ Andrew J. Norstrud              Andrew J. Norstrud             Chief Financial Officer             (Principal Financial Officer)            

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 job_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   job_ex321.htm      EXHIBIT 32.01       CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350    OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE      In connection with the Annual Report of GEE Group Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:                 (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                         (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company.                 Date: December 22, 2016    By:      /s/ Derek Dewan              Derek Dewan                  Chief Executive Officer                (Principal Executive Officer)            

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 job_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
   job_ex322.htm      EXHIBIT 32.02       CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 1350    OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE      In connection with the Annual Report of GEE Group Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:                 (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and                         (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of the operations of the Company.                 Date: December 22, 2016    By:     /s/ Andrew J. Norstrud              Andrew J. Norstrud             Chief Financial Officer             (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)            

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 job-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 job-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 job-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 job-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 job-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 job-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

