<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1036030_0001174947-16-003359_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5271066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>113957</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>261725</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1390112</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2267333</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1103642</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-16-003359.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107112805
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-16-003359
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WAYNE SAVINGS BANCSHARES INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001036030
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				311557791
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23433
		FILM NUMBER:		161977034

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		151 N MARKET ST
		CITY:			WOOSTER
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44691-4809
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3302645767

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		151 N MARKET ST
		CITY:			WOOSTER
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44691-4809

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WAYNE SAVINGS BANKSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970319

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-16-003359.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 form10q-16667_wayn.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D. C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

OR 

For the transition period from ____________ to _______________ 

Commission File No. 0-23433 

WAYNE SAVINGS BANCSHARES, INC.                  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware                                      
       
            31-1557791         
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Identification Number)   

151 North Market Street  

Wooster, Ohio                            
       
            44691         
 
      (Address of principal  
       
      (Zip Code)   
 
      executive office)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (330)
264-5767 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes   x     No  o       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).  x   Yes      o 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  accelerated filer ,
 large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer   o 
     Accelerated filer   o       
Non-accelerated filer   o       Smaller reporting company
   x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). 

 Yes  o        
No   x    

 As of October 31, 2016, the latest practicable date, 2,781,839 shares
of the registrant s common stock, $.10 par value, were issued and outstanding. 

Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  

   Index 

Page   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1   
      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     4  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     6  

Item 2   
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     35  

Item 3   
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     51  

Item 4   
      Controls and Procedures  
     51  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1   
      Legal Proceedings  
     52  

Item 1A   
      Risk Factors  
     52  

Item 2   
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     52  

Item 3   
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     52  

Item 4   
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     52  

Item 5   
      Other Information  
     53  

Item 6   
      Exhibits  
     53  

SIGNATURES  
      54   

Index  

Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc. 

   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In thousands, except share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.    2     

      Index  

Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc. 

   Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Income and Comprehensive Income 

 For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.    3     

      Index  

Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc. 

   Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

 (In thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.    4     

      Index  

Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows (continued) 

 For the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 

 (In thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.    5     

      Index  

Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc. 

   Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Note 1:     Basis of Presentation 

 The accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
were prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X and, therefore, do not include information
or footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations and cash flows in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Accordingly, these condensed financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company )
included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Reference is made to the accounting policies of
the Company described in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 In the opinion of management, all
adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) which are necessary for a fair presentation of the unaudited financial
statements have been included. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily
indicative of the results which may be expected for the full year. The condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of
December 31, 2015, has been derived from the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of that date. 

  Use of Estimates   
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

6     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 2:     Principles
of Consolidation 

 The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements include Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc. and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Wayne Savings Community
Bank ( Wayne Savings  or the  Bank ). 

 Wayne Savings has eleven full-service
offices in Wayne, Holmes, Ashland, Medina and Stark counties. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated in the consolidation. 

 Note 3:     Securities 

 The amortized cost and approximate fair values, together
with gross unrealized gains and losses, of securities are as follows: 

7     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

8     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Amortized cost and fair value of
available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities at September 30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected
maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without
call or prepayment penalties. 

The carrying value of securities
pledged as collateral to secure public deposits and for other purposes was $52.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $55.3
million at December 31, 2015. 

 Certain investments in debt securities
are reported in the financial statements at an amount less than their historical cost. The total fair value of these investments
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, was $24.2 million and $53.8 million, which represented approximately 27% and 52%,
respectively, of the Company s total aggregate fair value of the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment portfolios.
These decreases resulted primarily from changes in market interest rates. 

 Based on an evaluation of available
evidence, including recent changes in market interest rates, credit rating information and information obtained from regulatory
filings, management believes the decreases in fair value for these securities are temporary at September 30, 2016. 

 Should the impairment of any of
these securities become other than temporary, the cost basis of the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss recognized
in net income in the period the other-than-temporary impairment is identified. 

 The following table shows the gross
unrealized losses and fair value of the Company s temporarily impaired investments, aggregated by investment category and
length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position. 

9     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 4:     Credit Quality
of Loans and the Allowance for Loan Losses 

 Loans 

 Loans that management has the intent
and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoffs are reported at their outstanding principal balances
adjusted for unearned income, charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, any unamortized deferred fees or costs on originated
loans and unamortized premiums or discounts on purchased loans. 

 For loans amortized at cost, interest
income is accrued based on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, as well
as premiums and discounts, are deferred and amortized as a level yield adjustment over the respective term of the loan. 

10     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The accrual of interest on mortgage
and commercial loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well secured and in process
of collection. Past due status is determined based on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual
or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 

 All interest accrued but not collected
for loans that are placed on nonaccrual or charged off is reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted
for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when
all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current for a period of six months and future payments are
reasonably assured. 

 Allowance for Loan Losses 

 The allowance for loan losses is
established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to income. Loan losses are charged
against the allowance when management believes the collectibility of a loan balance is in question. Subsequent recoveries, if any,
are credited to the allowance. 

 The allowance for loan losses is
evaluated on a regular basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectibility of the loans
in light of historical experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s
ability to repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently
subjective as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

 The allowance consists of allocated
and general components. The allocated component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For those loans that are classified
as impaired, an allowance is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the
impaired loan is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers nonclassified loans and is based on historical
charge-off experience and expected loss given default derived from the Company s internal risk rating process. Other adjustments
may be made to the allowance for pools of loans after an assessment of internal or external influences on credit quality that are
not fully reflected in the historical loss or risk rating data. 

 A loan is considered impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal
or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining
impairment include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments
when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on
a loan-by-loan basis for commercial and construction loans by using the present value of expected future cash flows discounted
at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent. Large groups of smaller balance homogenous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly,
the Company does not separately identify individual consumer and residential loans for impairment measurements, unless such loans
are the subject of a restructuring agreement due to financial difficulties of the borrower. 

11     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The risk characteristics of
each portfolio segment are as follows:  

  Residential Real Estate Loans  

 For residential mortgage loans
that are secured by one-to-four family residences and are generally owner occupied, the Company generally establishes a maximum
loan-to-value ratio and requires private mortgage insurance if that ratio is exceeded. Home equity loans are typically secured
by a subordinate interest in one-to-four family residences. Repayment can also be impacted by changes in property values on residential
properties. Risk is mitigated by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread over a large number of borrowers. 

  All Other Mortgage Loans  

 All other mortgage loans consist
of residential construction loans, nonresidential real estate loans, land loans and multi-family real estate loans. 

 Residential construction loan proceeds
are disbursed in increments as construction progresses and as inspections warrant. Construction loans are typically structured
as permanent one-to-four family loans originated by the Company with a 12-month construction phase. Accordingly, upon completion
of the construction phase, there is no change in interest rate or term to maturity of the original construction loan, nor is a
new permanent loan originated. These loans are generally owner occupied and the Company generally establishes a maximum loan-to-value
ratio and requires private mortgage insurance if that ratio is exceeded. 

 Nonresidential real estate loans
are negotiated on a case-by-case basis. Loans secured by nonresidential real estate generally involve a greater degree of risk
than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans and carry larger loan balances. This increased credit risk is a result of several
factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the effects of general economic conditions
on income-producing properties, and the increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring these types of loans. Furthermore, the
repayment of loans secured by nonresidential real estate is typically dependent upon the successful operation of the related real
estate project. If the cash flow from the project is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 

 The Company also originates a limited
number of land loans secured by individual improved and unimproved lots for future residential construction. In addition, the Company
originates loans to commercial customers with land held as the collateral. 

 Multi-family real estate loans
generally involve a greater degree of credit risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans and carry larger loan balances.
This increased credit risk is a result of several factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans
and borrowers, the effects of general economic conditions on income-producing properties, and the increased difficulty of evaluating
and monitoring these types of loans. Furthermore, the repayment of loans secured by multi-family real estate is typically dependent
upon the successful operation of the related real estate property. If the cash flow from the project is reduced, the borrower s
ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 

12     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Commercial Business Loans  

 Commercial business loans carry
a higher degree of risk than one-to-four family residential loans. Such lending typically involves large loan balances concentrated
in a single borrower or groups of related borrowers for rental or business properties. In addition, the payment experience on loans
secured by income-producing properties is typically dependent on the success of the operation of the related project and thus is
typically affected by adverse conditions in the real estate market and in the economy. The Company originates commercial loans
generally in the $50,000 to $1,000,000 range with the majority of these loans being under $500,000. Commercial loans are generally
underwritten based on the borrower s ability to pay and assets such as buildings, land and equipment are taken as additional
loan collateral. Each loan is evaluated for a level of risk and assigned a rating from  1  (the highest quality rating)
to  7  (the lowest quality rating). 

  Consumer Loans   

 Consumer loans entail greater credit
risk than residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are unsecured or secured by assets that depreciate
rapidly, such as automobiles, mobile homes, boats, and recreational vehicles. In such cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted
consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and the remaining deficiency often does
not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. In particular, amounts realizable on the sale of repossessed
automobiles may be significantly reduced based upon the condition of the automobiles and the lack of demand for used automobiles. 

 The following presents by portfolio
segment the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

13     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following tables present the balance in the allowance
for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans based on the portfolio segment and impairment method as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015: 

14     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Total loans in the above tables do not include deferred
loan origination fees of $761 and $765 or loans in process of $6.9 million and $8.1 million, respectively, for September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

15     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following tables present the credit risk profile
of the Bank s loan portfolio based on rating category and payment activity as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

* Ratings are generally assigned to consumer and residential
mortgage loans on a  pass  or  fail  basis, where  fail  results in a substandard classification.
Commercial loans, both secured by real estate or other assets or unsecured, are analyzed in accordance with an analytical matrix
codified in the Bank s loan policy that produces a risk rating as described below. 

 Risk 1 is unquestioned credit quality
for any credit product. Loans are secured by cash and near cash collateral with immediate access to proceeds. 

Risk 2 is very low risk with strong
credit and repayment sources. Borrower is well capitalized in a stable industry, financial ratios exceed peers and financial trends
are positive. 

Risk 3 is very favorable risk with
highly adequate credit strength and repayment sources. Borrower has good overall financial condition and adequate capitalization. 

Risk 4 is acceptable, average risk
with adequate credit strength and repayment sources. Collateral positions must be within Bank policies. 

Risk 5 or  Special Mention, 
also known as  watch,  has potential weakness that deserves Management s close attention. This risk includes
loans where the borrower has developed financial uncertainties or the borrower is resolving the financial uncertainties. Bank credits
have been secured or negotiations will be ongoing to secure further collateral. 

Risk 6 or  Substandard 
loans are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged. This
risk category contains loans that exhibit a weakening of the borrower s credit strength with limited credit access and all
nonperforming loans. 

Risk 7 or
 Doubtful  loans are significantly under protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower
or of the collateral pledged. This risk category contains loans that are likely to experience a loss of some magnitude, but
where the amount of the expected loss is not known with enough certainty to allow for an accurate calculation of a loss
amount for charge- off. This category is considered to be temporary until a charge-off amount can be reasonably
determined. 

16     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following tables present the
Bank s loan portfolio aging analysis for September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

There were no loans greater than 90 days and still accruing
at either September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Nonaccrual loans were comprised of the following at: 

17     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

A loan is considered impaired, in
accordance with the impairment accounting guidance (ASC 310-10-35-16), when based on current information and events, it is probable
the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired
loans include nonperforming commercial loans but also include loans modified in troubled debt restructurings where concessions
have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. These concessions could include a reduction in the interest
rate on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions intended to maximize collection. Information
with respect to the Company s impaired loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 in combination with activity for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented below: 

18     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The interest income recognized
in the above tables reflects interest income recognized and is not materially different from the cash basis method. 

 All TDR classifications are due
to concessions being granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. Concessions to borrowers can include exceptions
to loan policy including high loan-to-value ratios, no private mortgage insurance ( PMI ) and high debt-to-income ratios,
as well as term and rate exceptions. There were $412,000 of TDR classifications that occurred in the 2016 year to date period and
included the renewal of an interest only loan as the customer repayments had not been in accordance with the original loan terms. 

19     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The remaining loans are to the same borrower and are on
a nonaccrual status. There were no TDR classifications that occurred during the 2015 quarter-to-date or year-to-date period. Each
TDR has been individually evaluated for impairment with the appropriate specific valuation allowance included in the allowance
for loan losses calculation. There were no TDR classifications which defaulted during the three and nine month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. The Company considers TDRs that become 90 days or more past due under modified terms as subsequently defaulted. 

Quarter-to-Date       
     Year-to-Date     
 
     Troubled Debt  
Restructurings    
       Number     of loans         
     Pre- 
modification  
Recorded  
Principal  
Balance       
     Post- 
modification  
Recorded  
Principal  
Balance       
     Number 
 of loans       
       Pre-     modification  
Recorded  
Principal 
 Balance         
     Post- 
modification  
Recorded  
Principal  
Balance     

(dollars in thousands)       
             
     (dollars in thousands)     
 
     September 30, 2016    

One-to-four family       residential loans    
                
     $          
     $          
        8       
     $  412       
     $  412     

Foreclosed assets held for sale include those properties
that the Bank has obtained legal title to, through a formal foreclosure process, or the borrower conveying all interest in the
property to the Bank through the completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure, or similar legal agreement. The following table presents
the balance of mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate properties held as foreclosed assets at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

Banks foreclose on certain properties in the normal course
of business when it is more probable than not that the loan balance will not be recovered through scheduled payments. Foreclosure
is usually a last resort and begins after all other collection efforts have been exhausted. The following table presents the balance
of those mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate properties that are in the formal process of foreclosure at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

20     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 5:     Goodwill 

 The following table presents the
balance of goodwill at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The Company is required to annually
test goodwill for impairment or more frequently if impairment indicators exist. The Company s testing of goodwill at November
30, 2015 indicated there was no impairment in the carrying value of the related asset. 

 Note 6:     Repurchase Agreements 

 Repurchase agreements are offered
by the Bank to commercial business customers to provide them with an opportunity to earn a return on their excess cash balances.
These repurchase agreements are considered secured borrowings and are reported in other short-term borrowings. On a daily basis
the Bank transfers securities to these customers in exchange for their cash and subsequently agrees to repurchase those same securities
the next business day. In the event the Bank is unable to repurchase the securities from the customer, the customer will then have
a claim against those securities. 

 The following tables present the
contractual maturity of the repurchase agreements, and the fair value and type of securities pledged as collateral in exchange
for these short-term borrowings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

21     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements     

Overnight and 
 Continuous       
     Up to 30  
Days       
     30 - 90  
Days       
     Greater Than 90  
Days       
     Total     
 
     September 30, 2016    
     (In thousands)     
 
     Repurchase Agreements    

Mortgage-backed securities       of government       sponsored entities    
     $  6,023       
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $  6,023     

Gross amount of recognized liabilities for repurchase agreements included in other short-term borrowings       
     $  6,023     

Remaining Contractual Maturity of the Agreements     

Overnight and 
 Continuous       
     Up to 30  
Days       
     30 - 90  
Days       
     Greater Than 90  
Days       
     Total     
 
     December 31, 2015    
     (In thousands)     
 
     Repurchase Agreements    

Mortgage-backed securities       of government       sponsored entities    
     $  5,606       
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $  5,606     

Gross amount of recognized liabilities for repurchase agreements included in other short-term borrowings       
     $  5,606     

Note 7:     Earnings Per
Share 

 Basic earnings per common share
is computed based upon the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, less shares in the Company s
Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) that are unallocated and not committed to be released. There were no dilutive
shares at September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

 The computations are as follows: 

22     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 8:     Regulatory
Matters 

 The Bank is subject to various
regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can
initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have
a direct material effect on the Company s and the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and
the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative
measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital
amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other
factors. Furthermore the Bank s regulators could require adjustments to regulatory capital not reflected in these financial
statements. 

 The Bank must give notice to, or
under certain conditions specified by regulation, apply to, the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland prior to declaring a dividend
to the Company. Under existing regulatory guidance, a dividend is generally permissible without regulatory approval if the institution
is considered to be  well capitalized  and the dividend does not exceed current year-to-date net income plus the change
in retained earnings for the previous two calendar years. 

 Quantitative measures established
by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the following table)
of Tier I capital to average assets, of Tier 1 Common equity capital to risk-weighted assets, of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets, and of Total Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets, all as defined in the regulations. Management believes, as of
September 30, 2016, that the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it is subject. 

 As of September 30, 2016, based
on the computations for the call report the Bank is classified as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank must maintain capital ratios as set forth in the table below. There are
no conditions or events since September 30, 2016, that management believes have changed the Bank s capital classification. 

 The
Bank s actual capital amounts and ratios as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are presented in the following table. 

23     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Effective January 1, 2015, new regulatory capital requirements
commonly referred to as  Basel III  were implemented and are reflected in the capital table above. Management opted
out of the accumulated other comprehensive income treatment under the new requirements, and as such unrealized gains and losses
from available-for-sale securities will continue to be excluded from Bank regulatory capital. 

 Implementation of the deductions and other adjustments
to Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) began on January 1, 2015, and will phase in over a four-year period (beginning at 40% on January
1, 2015, and an additional 20% per year thereafter).  Under the new rule, in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions,
including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, a banking organization must hold a
capital conservation buffer composed of CET1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements.  The implementation
of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016, at the 0.625% level and will phase in over a four-year period (increasing
by that amount on each subsequent January 1 until it reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019). 

 Note 9:     Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 The components of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss), included in stockholders  equity, are as follows: 

There
were no amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) during the   

  nine
months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015.  

Note 10:     Fair Value Measurements 

 Fair value is the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. Fair value measurements must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. There is
a hierarchy of three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1  
     Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  

Level 2  
     Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities  

Level 3  
     Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities  

24     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Recurring Measurements 

 Following is a description of the
valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and recognized in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 

 Available-for-sale Securities 

 Where quoted market prices are
available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices
are not available, then fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or independent
asset pricing services and pricing models, the inputs of which are market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including,
but not limited to, yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, prepayments, defaults, cumulative loss projections and cash flows.
Such securities are classified in Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 

 The following table presents the
fair value measurements of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in
which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

25     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Nonrecurring Measurements 

 Certain assets may be required to be measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis in periods subsequent to their initial recognition. These assets are not measured at fair value on
an ongoing basis; however, they are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence
of impairment. 

   Collateral-dependent Impaired Loans, Net of ALLL   

 The estimated fair value of
collateral-dependent impaired loans is based on the appraised fair value of the collateral, less estimated cost to sell. Collateral-dependent
impaired loans are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

 The Company considers the appraisal
or evaluation as the starting point for determining fair value and then considers other factors and events in the environment that
may affect the fair value. Appraisals of the collateral underlying collateral-dependent loans are obtained when the loan is determined
to be collateral-dependent and subsequently as deemed necessary by the office of the Chief Financial Officer. Appraisals are reviewed
for accuracy and consistency by the Credit Analyst. Appraisers are selected from the list of approved appraisers maintained by
management. The appraised values are reduced by discounts to consider lack of marketability and estimated cost to sell if repayment
or satisfaction of the loan is dependent on the sale of the collateral. These discounts and estimates are developed by the office
of the Chief Financial Officer by comparison to historical results. 

 Foreclosed Assets Held for Sale 

 Foreclosed assets held for
sale are carried at the lower of fair value at acquisition date or current estimated fair value, less estimated cost to sell when
the real estate is acquired. Estimated fair value of real estate is based on appraisals or evaluations. Foreclosed assets held
for sale are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

 Appraisals of real estate are
obtained when the real estate is acquired and subsequently as deemed necessary by the Chief Financial Officer. Appraisals are reviewed
internally for accuracy and consistency in accordance with regulatory requirements. Appraisers are selected from the list of approved
appraisers maintained by management. 

 The following table presents
the fair value measurements of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy
in which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

26     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fair Value Measurement Using     

Fair Value       
     Quoted Prices in  
Active Markets  
for Identical 
 Assets (Level 1)       
     Significant  
Other  
Observable 
 Inputs (Level 2)       
     Significant  
Unobservable  
Inputs (Level 3)     

(In thousands)     
 
     September 30, 2016    

Collateral-dependent    

impaired loans    
     $  37       

$  37     
 
           Foreclosed assets    
        4       

4     

December 31, 2015    

Collateral-dependent            impaired loans    
     $  292       
     $          
     $          
     $  292     
 
          Foreclosed assets    
        5       

5     

Unobservable (Level 3) Inputs 

 The following table presents quantitative information
about unobservable inputs used in recurring and nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements in thousands. 

Fair Value       
     Valuation Technique    
     Unobservable Inputs    
     Weighted Average  
 
     September 30, 2016    

Collateral-dependent            impaired loans    
     $  37       
     Historical Proceed from  
prior sales    
     Selling Costs    
     41%  
 
          Foreclosed assets    
        4       
     Sales contract    
     N/A    
     N/A  

December 31, 2015    

Collateral-dependent  
          impaired loans    
     $  292       
     Market comparable  
properties, less delinquent  
real estate taxes    
     N/A    
     N/A  
 
          Foreclosed assets    
        5       
     Agreed upon selling price    
     Selling Costs    
     10%  

There were no changes in the inputs or methodologies
used to determine fair value at September 30, 2016 as compared to December 31, 2015. 

27     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following table presents estimated
fair values of the Company s financial instruments not carried at fair value. The fair values of certain of these instruments
were calculated by discounting expected cash flows, which involves significant judgments by management and uncertainties. Fair
value is the estimated amount at which financial assets or liabilities could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing
parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. Because no market exists for certain of these financial instruments and because
management does not intend to sell these financial instruments, the Company does not know whether the fair values shown below represent
values at which the respective financial instruments could be sold individually or in the aggregate. 

28     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following methods and assumptions
were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments. 

 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Interest Receivable
and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock 

 The carrying amount approximates fair value. 

 Held-to-maturity Securities 

 The fair value of held-to-maturity
securities was estimated by using pricing models that contain market pricing and information, quoted prices of securities with
similar characteristics or discounted cash flows that use credit-adjusted discount rates. 

29     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Loans 

 The fair value of loans is estimated
by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit
ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Loans with similar characteristics were aggregated for purposes of the calculations. 

 Deposits 

 Deposits include savings accounts,
checking accounts and certain money market deposits. The carrying amount approximates fair value. The fair value of fixed-maturity
time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the rates currently offered for deposits of similar
remaining maturities. 

 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 

 Rates currently available to the
Company for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities are used to estimate the fair value of existing debt. 

 Commitments to Originate
Loans, Letters of Credit and Lines of Credit 

 The fair value of commitments to
originate loans is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining
terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties. For fixed-rate loan commitments, fair value also
considers the difference between current levels of interest rates and the committed rates. The fair values of letters of credit
and lines of credit are based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on the estimated cost to terminate or otherwise
settle the obligations with the counterparties at the reporting date. Fair values of commitments were not material at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

 Interest Payable, Other Short-Term Borrowings
and Advances From Borrowers for Taxes and Insurance 

 The carrying amount approximates fair value. 

Note
11:     Recent Accounting Developments 

 FASB ASU 2014-15, Presentation
of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, was issued in August 2014. The amendments in this update provide guidance in Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (GAAP) about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this update are effective
for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2015-01, Income Statement
  Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20), Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept
of Extraordinary Items, was issued in January, 2015. This update eliminates from Generally Accepted Accounting Principles the concept
of extraordinary items, which required that an entity separately classify, present and disclose extraordinary 

30     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

events and transactions. Eliminating
the concept of extraordinary items will save time and reduce costs for preparers because they will not have to assess whether a
particular event or transaction is extraordinary. It will also alleviate uncertainty for preparers, auditors, and regulators because
auditors and regulators will no longer need to evaluate whether the preparer treated an unusual item appropriately. The amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015.
A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to
all prior periods presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from
the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.
The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2015-03, Interest  
Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, was issued in April, 2015. The amendments
in this Update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debit liability be presented in the balance sheet as a
direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement
guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this Update. The amendments in this Update are effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those years. Early
adoption of the amendments in this Update is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued, and the amendments
in this Update should be applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2015-04, Compensation
  Retirement Benefits (Subtopic 715), Practical Expedient for the Measurement of an Employer s Defined Benefit Obligation
and Plan Assets, was issued in April, 2015. A reporting entity with a fiscal year end that does not coincide with a month end may
incur more costs than other entities when measuring the fair value of plan assets of a defined benefit pension or other post-retirement
benefit. For an entity with a fiscal year end that does not coincide with a month end, the amendments in this Update provide a
practical expedient that permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month end that is
closest to the entity s fiscal year end and apply that practical expedient consistently from year to year. The amendments
in this Update are effective for public business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2015, and interim periods within those years. Early application is permitted, and the amendments in this Update should be applied
retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2015-10, Technical Corrections
and Improvements was issued in June, 2015. The amendments in this Update represent changes to clarify the Codification, correct
unintended application of guidance, or make minor improvements to the Codification that are not expected to have a significant
effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative cost to entities. The amendments in this Update that
require transition guidance are effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. All other amendments will be effective
upon the issuance of this update. The adoption of the amendments that required transition guidance did not have a material impact
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. The adoption of the other amendments in this update did not have a material
impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

31     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

FASB ASU 2015-14, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers, (Topic 606), Deferral of the effective date, was issued in August 2015. In May 2014, the FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09), which outlines a single comprehensive
model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition
guidance, including industry-specific guidance. ASU 2014-09 was originally effective for fiscal years and interim periods within
those years beginning after December 15, 2016. In August 2015, the FASB issued 2015-14, which deferred the effective date of ASU
2014-09 by one year for periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted as of the original effective date
and requires either a retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the potential
impact on its consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as the available transition methods. 

 FASB ASU 2015-15, Interest  
Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit
Arrangements was issued in August, 2015. The amendments in this Update address line-of-credit arrangements. In that, given the
absence of authoritative guidance within Update 2015-03 for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements, the SEC
staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred
debt issuance costs ratably over the terms of the line-of-credit arrangement. The amendments in this Update are effective for financial
statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption of
the amendments in this Update is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued, and the amendments in
this Update should be applied retrospectively. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2015-16, Business Combinations
(Topic 805), Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments was issued in September 2015. The amendments in this
Update require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period
in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments in this Update require that the acquirer
record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other
income effects, if any as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed
at the acquisition date. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments in this Update should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional
amounts that occur after the effective date. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments Overall
(Subtopic 825-10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities was issued in January 2016. The amendments
in this Update make targeted improvements to generally accepted accounting principles, and address certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial statements. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Except as specifically stated, early adoption
of the amendments in this Update are not permitted. This standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic
842), Section A- Leases, Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, Section B   Conforming Amendments Related
to Leases: Amendments to the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, and Section C   Background Information and Basis for
Conclusions was issued in February 2016. The amendments in this Update are designed to increase the transparency and comparability
among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about
leasing arrangements. The amendments in this Update 

32     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

include disclosures that are required
by lessees and lessors to meet the objective of enabling users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty
of cash flows arising from leases. The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application of the amendments in this Update is permitted. This standard
is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2016-04, Liabilities-Extinguishments
of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20), was issued in March 2016. The amendments in this Update apply to entities that offer certain
prepaid stored-value products, including prepaid gift cards, prepaid telecommunication cards, and travelers checks. The amendments
in this Update contain specific guidance for the derecognition of pre-paid stored value product liabilities and are an improvement
to GAAP because they specify how pre-paid stored-value product liabilities with the Update s scope should be derecognized.
The amendments in this Update are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
and interim periods within those fiscal years. Earlier application is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. This
standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers, (Topic 606), Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing was issued in April 2016. The core principle of
the guidance in Topic 606 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
The amendments in this Update clarify the following two aspects in Topic 606, identifying performance obligations and the licensing
implementation guidance, while retaining the related principles for those areas. The amendments in this Update affect the guidance
in Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which is not yet effective. The effective
date and transition requirements for the amendments in this Update are the same as the effective date and transition requirements
in Topic 606 (and any other Topic amended by Update 2014-09). Accounting Standards Update 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, defers the effective date of Update 2014-09 by one year. This standard is
not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

FASB ASU 2016-12, Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, was issued in May 2016. The amendments
in this update do not change the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606, but rather clarify certain narrow aspects. The amendments
in this update clarify the objective of collectibility and determine whether a contract is valid based on if the customer has the
ability and intention to pay, and also to clarify when revenue would be recognized for a contract that fails collectibility. The
amendments in this Update affect the guidance in Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606), which is not yet effective. The effective date and transition requirements for the amendments in this Update are the
same as the effective date and transition requirements for Topic 606 (and any other Topic amended by Update 2014-09). Accounting
Standards Update No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date, defers the effective
date of Update 2014-09 by one year. This standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

 FASB ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments
  Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, was issued in June 2016. The main objective
of this Update is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on
financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. To 

33     

      Index   Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

achieve this objective, the amendments
in this Update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit
losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates.
The amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within
those fiscal year. Early adoption of the amendments in this Update are allowed for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity will apply the amendments in this Update through a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (that is,
a modified-retrospective approach). A prospective transition approach is required for debt securities for which an other-than-temporary
impairment had been recognized before the effective date. The effect of a prospective transition approach is to maintain the same
amortized cost basis before and after the effective date of this Update. The Company is studying the implications of this update,
including following evolving regulatory and industry guidance, and gathering additional detailed historical data. The effect of
this Update on the Company s financial statements is not known at this time. 

FASB ASU 2016-15, Statement of
Cash Flows (Topic 230), Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, was issued in August 2016. The amendments in
this Update provide guidance on how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash
flows. This Update addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the diversity in practice. The amendments
in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period,
any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period. An entity that elects
early adoption must adopt all the amendments in the same period. The amendments in this Update should be applied using a retrospective
transition method to each period presented. This amendments in this Update are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

34     

      Index       Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Strategic Initiatives 

 As part of an ongoing strategic
planning process, which includes annual plan updates and regular progress reviews by the Board of Directors, our initiatives to
improve shareholder returns include: 

Enhance balance sheet assets to increase higher yielding and/or shorter duration commercial business
and commercial real estate loans and home equity lines of credit and reducing the investment securities portfolio. In the persistent
low interest rate environment, the improvement in asset mix will be accelerated by selling off additional newly originated mortgage
loans to reduce the proportion of residential mortgage loans held on the balance sheet.   

Enhance balance sheet liabilities by focusing on the development of lower cost and higher fee producing
transaction account balances and deemphasizing the retention or origination of new retail time deposit accounts. This initiative
is the result of several years of investment and development of value added services necessary to support business transaction
accounts. The foundation of meaningful customer relationships is the primary transaction account.   

Actively manage capital to provide an appropriate return to shareholders. As our earnings improve,
we are able to resume stock repurchases within regulatory guidelines and expect that in the absence of higher yielding balance
sheet opportunities, that stock repurchases will continue to be used on an ongoing basis to return capital to shareholders in addition
to the regular quarterly cash dividend.   

Transition from a transaction-oriented thrift culture to a relationship-oriented commercial bank
culture and gain customer relationships by taking advantage of disruption in the local banking market resulting from acquisitions
of independent local community and regional banks.   

Examine staffing levels and facilities and monitor customer and transaction volume in the face
of decreasing transaction volume levels through traditional channels with increased emphasis on expense reduction as an offset
to continued pressure on margins and fee income.   

Offset pressure on net interest margin and customer resistance to fees wherever possible, including
by incorporating operating efficiency into the performance goals of managers with fee income and expense responsibility.   

Continue to enhance technology for more efficient customer service and operations and effective
cybersecurity while ensuring an appropriate return on technology investments.   

35     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Critical Accounting Policies 

Critical Accounting Policies  
The Company s critical accounting policy relates to the allowance for loan losses. The Company has established a systematic
method of periodically reviewing the credit quality of the loan portfolio in order to establish a sufficient allowance for loan
losses. The allowance for loan losses is based on management s current judgments about the credit quality of individual loans
and segments of the loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision, and considers all known internal
and external factors that affect loan repayment as of the reporting date. Such evaluation, which includes a review of all loans
on which full repayment may not be reasonably assured, considers among other matters, the estimated net realizable value or the
fair value of the underlying collateral, economic conditions, historical loan loss experience, management s knowledge of
inherent risks in the portfolio that are probable and reasonably estimable and other factors, including those required by regulation
that warrant recognition in providing an appropriate loan loss allowance. Management has discussed the development and selection
of this critical accounting policy with the audit committee of the Board of Directors. 

36     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Discussion of Financial Condition Changes
from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 

 At September 30, 2016, the Company
had total assets of $445.8 million, an increase of $12.2 million, from total assets at December 31, 2015. The increase in total
assets includes a $28.3 million increase in net loans, partially offset by a $2.3 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents,
and a $14.1 million decrease in securities balances compared to December 31, 2015. 

 Total securities decreased $14.1
million to $89.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $103.6 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease in securities is
primarily due to investing the principal and interest cash flows received from securities into higher yielding loans. The decrease
included principal repayments of $17.9 million and amortization of premiums of $909,000, partially offset by purchases totaling
$4.4 million, and a $367,000 increase in unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities during the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

 Net loans receivable increased $28.3
million at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. The Bank originated $54.5 million of loans, received payments of $26.1
million, and originated and sold $5.1 million of 30-year fixed-rate residential mortgage loans into the secondary market. The increase
in net loan balances is mainly due to new origination in excess of principal reductions during the current year period. 

The allowance for loan losses totaled
$2.9 million and increased $70,000 compared to December 31, 2015 The increase in the allowance for loan losses was primarily due
to a provision of $152,000, and recoveries of $2,000, partially offset by loans charged off totaling $84,000. 

37     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Management continues to focus on
risk selection and the returns generated in return for risks taken in making its lending and investment decisions. Key areas of
risk reviewed for each potential loan origination and securities purchase include credit, interest rate and liquidity risk. Interest
rate risk arises mainly from longer term fixed-rate loans. Credit risk arises mainly from loan structure and underwriting conditions.
The effects of additional loan portfolio risks generated by competitive pressures in the Company s market area are evaluated
relative to the projected returns to ensure acceptable financial performance over a long-term horizon. As part of an overall strategy
to manage liquidity and interest rate risk, management continues to execute a strategy of immediately selling certain newly originated
30-year fixed-rate residential mortgage loans into the secondary market to limit the interest rate risk exposure on the balance
sheet and to utilize the secondary market as a backup source of liquidity. Loans sold into the secondary market are sold with representations
and warranties. In the event that those representations and warranties are violated, repurchase of loans may be required. No repurchases
have been required in recent periods and management believes that the bank is in full compliance with applicable selling and servicing
guides. Similarly, in order to further limit the overall interest rate risk on the balance sheet, the Company focuses on the origination
of shorter-term and adjustable-rate secured commercial loans and limits the retention of long-term fixed-rate residential mortgages.
These strategies have the effect of generating lower loan yields in the short term due to the loans being priced off the lower
yield short end of the yield curve. The principal source of liquidity is the Bank s investment securities portfolio. To the
extent that loan demand is insufficient in any given period, investments in the securities portfolio are made to provide cash flows
to fund loan demand in future periods (a source of liquidity), while also limiting the interest rate risk exposure of the Company.
Investments generally contribute to higher risk-based capital ratios, compared to loans, as the investments the Company purchases
are risk weighted less than the loan originations. As loan volume increases relative to investment volume, risk-based capital ratios
will likely decline, as loans generally require a higher allocation of risk-based capital compared to investments. As demonstrated
by quarterly balance sheet presentations, as a result of general economic and competitive conditions, loan demand and originations
are volatile on a sequential quarter basis, which in turn results in volatility in quarterly investment securities balances. The
longer term trend and strategic direction is for an increase in higher yielding loan balances relative to lower yielding investment
securities balances. 

38     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

The following table sets forth
certain information regarding the Company s loan portfolio for the dates indicated. 

(1)     Includes equity loans collateralized by second mortgages in the aggregate amount of $15.5 million
at September 30, 2016 and $15.3 million at December 31, 2015. Such loans are secured by one-to-four family residential properties
and are underwritten to conform with bank loan policies.    

Foreclosed assets held for sale
consisted of one property written down to $4,000 at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $10,000, compared to 2 properties at a value
of $14,000 at December 31, 2015. The decrease in foreclosed assets during the current year was due to 11 real estate owned property
sales resulting in a loss of $6,000, and a $24,000 valuation allowance for the year. During the prior year period there were additions
of $308,000, offset with a valuation allowance of $31,000 and sales totaling $354,000 that resulted in a loss of $84,000. Total
impaired assets were $2.9 million, or 0.64% of total assets at September 30, 2016, compared to $3.9 million, or 0.90% of total
assets at December 31, 2015. 

39     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Goodwill of $1.7 million is carried
on the Company s balance sheet as a result of the acquisition of Stebbins Bancshares in June 2004. In accordance with FASB
ASC 350, this goodwill is tested for impairment on at least an annual basis. Management evaluated the goodwill using an analysis
of required measures of value, including the current stock price as an indicator of minority interest value, change of control
multiples as a measure of controlling interest value and discounted cash flow analysis as a measure of going concern value and
applied a weighting based on appraisal standards to arrive at a valuation conclusion that indicated no impairment at November 30,
2015. Management believes that there were no interim impairment indicators that would require another evaluation at September 30,
2016. 

 Deposits totaled $376.5 million at
September 30, 2016, an increase of $14.1 million from $362.4 million at December 31, 2015. This increase includes a $4.6 million
increase in demand deposits, a $6.1 million increase in savings and money market balances and a $3.3 million increase in time deposits.
The Company continues to monitor deposit activity closely to respond to changes in customer preference for types of deposits and
competitive pressure. 

Other short-term borrowings, which
consist solely of repurchase agreements with commercial customers of the Bank, increased by $417,000 and totaled $6.0 million at
September 30, 2016. The increase was due to an increase in excess funds held by those commercial customers holding repurchase agreements.
These customer repurchase agreements are offered by the Bank in order to retain commercial customer funds and to afford those commercial
customers the opportunity to earn a return on a short-term secured transaction. Average balances are shown in the tables below
and reflect no significant variation during the periods. The interest rate paid on these borrowings was 0.15% at both September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

 Advances from the Federal Home Loan
Bank (FHLB) totaled $18.0 million, at September 30, 2016, and decreased $3.0 million from December 31, 2015. The decrease was due
to the scheduled maturity of a $3.0 million fixed-rate term advance that was not replaced. The Company uses advances from the FHLB
for both short-term cash management purposes and to extend the term to maturity of liabilities for interest rate risk management
purposes. The cost of longer term liabilities purchased from the FHLB is generally less expensive than obtaining a similar term
to maturity through retail certificates of deposit. Repricing risk associated with advances is mitigated through the laddering
of advance maturities over time. The weighted-average cost of FHLB advances was 1.31% at September 30, 2016 compared to 1.86% at
December 31, 2015. 

Stockholders  equity increased
by $1.5 million during the period ended September 30, 2016. This increase was due to net income of $1.9 million, and a $242,000
increase in unrealized gains on available-for-sale securities, partially offset by $742,000 in shareholder dividends. 

 On September 22, 2016, the Company
announced that its Board of Directors adopted a new stock repurchase program. Under the new stock repurchase program, the Company
is authorized to repurchase up to 69,546 shares, or 2.5%, of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 

40     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

 General 

 Net income for the three months
ended September 30, 2016, totaled $550,000, an increase of $178,000, compared to $372,000 for the three month period ended September
30, 2015. The increase in net income was due to an increase in net interest income and a decrease in the provision for loan losses,
partially offset by a decrease in noninterest income, and an increase in both noninterest expense and the provision for federal
income taxes. 

41     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Average Balance Sheet   

The following table sets forth certain
information relating to the Company s average balance sheet and reflects the average yield on assets and average cost of
liabilities for the periods indicated. Such yields and costs are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of
assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. 

(1)   
     Includes nonaccrual loan balances.  

(2)  
     Includes mortgage-backed securities both designated as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity.  

(3)  
     Includes interest-earning deposits in other financial institutions.  

(4)  
     Interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of interest-bearing
liabilities.  

(5)  
     Net yield on interest-earning assets represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets.  

42     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Interest Income 

  Interest
income increased $326,000, and totaled $4.0 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3.6 million
for the three month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to both an increase in the average balance of interest-earning
assets and the weighted-average yield. The average balance of interest-earning assets increased by $23.5 million and totaled $423.6
million for the 2016 period from $400.2 million in the 2015 period. The weighted-average yield was 3.73% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, and increased by 10 basis points compared to 3.63% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

  Interest
income on loans was $3.4 million for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, and increased $442,000 compared to the three
month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the average balance of loans and to a lesser
extent an increase in the weighted-average yield. The average balance of loans increased by $40.6 million from $277.5 million in
the 2015 period to $318.1 million for the 2016 period. The weighted-average yield was 4.24% for the three months ended September
30, 2016, and increased by 1 basis point compared to 4.23% for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

 Interest income on securities decreased
$135,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. This decrease was due to both a
decrease in the average balance of investment securities, and a decrease in the weighted-average rate. The average balance of investment
securities decreased $20.1 million from $113.4 million in the 2015 period to $93.3 million in the 2016 period, and the weighted-average
rate decreased 9 basis points from 2.30% in the 2015 period to 2.21% for the 2016 period. The decrease in the average balance was
due to investing excess cash into the loan portfolio, while the decrease in yield was primarily due to the maturity and repayment
of higher yielding investments and purchases of new investment securities at lower yields. 

 Dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank
stock and other income totaled $62,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, and increased $19,000 compared to the
same period in 2015. The increase was due to a 17 basis increase in the weighted-average rate from 1.85% in the 2015 period to
2.02% in the 2016 period, and a $3.0 million increase in the average balance outstanding. 

 Interest Expense 

 Interest expense totaled $534,000
for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $54,000 compared to the three month period ended September
30, 2015. This increase was due to both an increase in the average balance of total interest-bearing liabilities, and an increase
in the weighted-average cost of funds. The average balance of total interest-bearing liabilities increased $21.5 million from $380.7
million in the 2015 period to $402.2 million in the 2016 period. The weighted-average cost of funds increased 3 basis points from
0.50% in the 2015 period to 0.53% in the current year period. 

43     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Interest expense on deposits for
the three month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled $464,000, an increase of $69,000 compared to $395,000 for the same period
in the previous year. The increase was primarily due to a $5.6 million increase in average certificate of deposit balances and
a shift from shorter term, lower cost certificates of deposit into longer term, higher cost certificates of deposit. The increase
was also due to a $16.3 million increase in the combined average balance of money market and savings accounts and demand deposit
accounts. The weighted-average cost of deposits also increased by 4 basis points, from 0.45% in the 2015 period to 0.49% in the
2016 period. 

 Interest expense on other short-term
borrowings totaled $3,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, and increased $1,000 from the same period in the
previous year. The weighted-average cost of short-term borrowings increased 8 basis points from 0.12% in the 2015 period to 0.20%
in the 2016 period, partially offset by a $531,000 decrease in the average balance of short-term borrowings compared to the prior
year period. 

 Interest expense on Federal Home
Loan Bank advances totaled $67,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $16,000 from $83,000 in the
2015 period. The decrease was primarily due to a 33 basis point decrease in the weighted-average cost from 1.65% in the 2015 period
to 1.32% in the 2016 period. The decrease in the weighted-average cost was partially offset by a $209,000 increase in the average
balance outstanding from $20.1 million in the 2015 period to $20.3 million in the 2016 period. The decrease in the weighted-average
cost was due to the maturity of higher rate advances, while the increase in the average balance was due to the addition of new
lower cost fixed-rate term advances in excess of the scheduled maturities of fixed-rate term advances in lieu of higher cost retail
or wholesale deposits. 

 Net Interest Income 

 Net interest income totaled $3.4
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and increased $272,000 compared to the three month period ended September
30, 2015. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to a $23.5 million increase in the average balance of interest-earning
assets and a favorable shift in the composition of earning assets compared to the prior year quarter. The increase in the average
balance of earning assets was substantially due to a $40.6 million increase in the average balance of higher yielding loans, partially
offset by a $17.1 million decline in lower yielding investments and interest-earning deposits compared to the prior year quarter.
This increase was also due to a 7 basis point increase in the net interest spread from 3.13% at September 30, 2015 to 3.20% at
September 30, 2016. The increase in the net interest spread is a result of yields on interest-earning assets increasing more than
the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the yield on earning assets increased
10 basis points while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities increased only 3 basis points, compared to the same period
last year. The yield on earning assets was favorably impacted as a result of an increase in higher yielding loan balances partially
offset with a decline in the average yield of investment securities. 

44     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Provision for Loan Losses 

 Management recorded a $208,000
provision for loan losses for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to a provision of $357,000 for the three
month period ended September 30, 2015. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in net charge-offs, and impaired loans from
the prior year period, as well as improved economic factors, partially offset by higher loan balances. There were charge-offs totaling
$78,000 in the current year quarter compared to charge-offs totaling $278,000 in the prior year quarter, and impaired loans totaled
$2.9 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $1.2 million, compared to $4.1 million at September 30, 2015. 

 Noninterest Income 

 Noninterest income totaled $523,000
for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, and decreased $15,000, from $538,000 for the same period in 2015. The decrease
was due to a $17,000 decrease in service fees, charges and other operating income, primarily due to a decrease in income from annuity
sales compared to the same period last year. 

 Noninterest Expense 

 Noninterest expense totaled $3.0
million for three month period ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $145,000 from $2.9 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. This increase includes a $144,000 increase in salaries and employee benefits and a $21,000 increase in franchise taxes,
partially offset by a $30,000 decrease in other noninterest expense. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was due to
increased compensation due to staff additions and merit increases, increased pension expense due to planned retirements, and higher
healthcare costs due to an increase in premiums and staffing levels compared to the prior year period. These increases were partially
offset by a decrease in post-retirement benefit costs. The increase in franchise taxes was due to the exclusion of the tax credit
for the state supervisory exam fee that had previously been assessed and recorded in other noninterest expense in the prior year
period. The decrease in other noninterest expense was due to a decrease in real estate owned expense, legal expense, and supervisory
fee expense, partially offset by an increase in audit expense and special services compared to the prior year quarter. 

 Federal Income Taxes 

 Federal income tax expense totaled
$160,000 for the three month period ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $83,000 compared to $77,000 for three month period
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $261,000 increase in pretax income compared to the prior year period,
and an increase in the effective tax rate. The effective tax rate in the current year quarter was 22.5% compared to 17.2% for the
prior year quarter. The effective rate is below the statutory rate of 34% due to certain income items that are not subject to tax. 

45     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

 General 

 Net income for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, totaled $1.9 million, an increase of $876,000, compared to $1.1 million for the nine month period ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in net income was due to an increase in both net interest income and noninterest income, and a
decrease in the provision for loan losses, partially offset by an increase in both noninterest expense and the provision for federal
income taxes. 

46     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Average Balance Sheet   

The following table sets forth certain
information relating to the Company s average balance sheet and reflects the average yield on assets and average cost of
liabilities for the periods indicated. Such yields and costs are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of
assets or liabilities, respectively, for the periods presented. 

(1)    Includes nonaccrual loan balances.   

(2)   Includes mortgage-backed securities both designated as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity.   

(3)   Includes interest-earning deposits in other financial institutions.   

(4)   Interest rate spread represents the difference between the average yield on interest-earning assets
and the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities.   

(5)   Net yield on interest-earning assets represents net interest income as a percentage of average
interest-earning assets.   

47     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Interest Income 

  Interest
income increased $847,000, and totaled $11.6 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $10.8 million
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to both an increase in the average balance of interest-earning
assets and the weighted-average yield. The average balance of interest-earning assets increased by $21.4 million and totaled $418.4
million for the 2016 period from $397.0 million in the 2015 period. The weighted-average yield was 3.70% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, and increased by 8 basis points compared to 3.62% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

 Interest income on loans was $9.8
million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, and increased $1.2 million compared to the nine month period ended
September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to a $37.9 million increase in the average balance of loans from $270.8 million
in the 2015 period to $308.7 million for the 2016 period. The increase in the average balance of loans outstanding was partially
offset by a 2 basis point decrease in the weighted-average yield from 4.23% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 4.21%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

 Interest income on securities totaled
$1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and decreased $331,000 compared to the nine month period ended September
30, 2015. This decrease was due to both a decrease in the average balance and a decrease in the weighted-average rate. The average
balance of investment securities decreased $16.8 million, from $114.0 million in the 2015 period to $97.2 million in the 2016 period.
The weighted-average rate of investment securities was 2.35% in the 2016 period and decreased 4 basis points from 2.39% in the
2015 period. The decrease in the average balance was due to investing excess cash into the loan portfolio. 

 Dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank
stock and other income was $155,000 for nine month period ended September 30, 2016, and increased $23,000 compared to the nine
month period ending September 30, 2015. The weighted-average rate increased 21 basis points from 1.44% in the 2015 period to 1.65%
in the 2016 period, and the average balance increased $312,000 compared to the prior year period. 

 Interest Expense 

 Interest expense totaled $1.5 million
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, and increased $76,000 compared to the nine month period ended September 30,
2015. The increase was primarily due to a $20.8 million increase in the average balance of total interest-bearing liabilities from
$376.7 million in the 2015 period to $397.5 million in the 2016 period. The weighted-average cost of funds was 0.52% for both the
nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

48     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations   

Interest expense on deposits for
the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled $1.3 million, an increase of $143,000 compared to $1.2 million for the same
period in the previous year. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to a $5.1 million increase in the average balance
of certificate of deposit and a shift from shorter term, lower cost certificates of deposit into longer term, higher cost certificates
of deposit. In addition to the increased certificate of deposit balances, the average combined balance of demand deposits and savings
and money market balances increased by $14.2. The weighted-average cost of deposits also increased by 3 basis points, from 0.45%
in the 2015 period to 0.48% in the 2016 period. 

 Interest expense on other short-term
borrowings totaled $7,000 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, and 2015. The weighted-average cost of short-term
borrowings increased 2 basis point from 0.14% in the 2015 period to 0.16% in the 2016 period, and was fully offset by a $926,000
decrease in the average balance of short-term borrowings. 

 Interest expense on Federal Home
Loan Bank advances totaled $206,000 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $67,000 from $273,000 in
the 2015 period. The decrease was primarily due to a 65 basis point decrease in the weighted-average cost from 1.96% in the 2015
period to 1.31% in the 2016 period. The decrease in the weighted-average cost was partially offset by a $2.4 million increase in
the average balance outstanding from $18.6 million in the 2015 period to $21.0 million in the 2016 period. The decrease in the
weighted-average cost was due to the maturity of higher rate advances, while the increase in the average balance was due to the
addition of new lower cost fixed-rate term advances in excess of the scheduled maturities of fixed-rate term advances in lieu of
higher cost retail or wholesale deposits. 

 Net Interest Income 

 Net interest income totaled $10.1
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and increased $771,000 compared to the nine month period ended September
30, 2015. The increase in net interest income was primarily due to a $21.4 million increase in the average balance of interest-earning
assets and a favorable shift in the composition of earning assets compared to the prior year period. The increase in the average
balance of earning assets was substantially due to a $37.9 million increase in the average balance of higher yielding loans, partially
offset by a $16.5 million decline in lower yielding investments and interest-earning deposits compared to the prior year period.
This increase was also due to an 8 basis point increase in the interest rate spread from 3.10% at September 30, 2015 to 3.18%
at September 30, 2016. The increase in the interest rate spread is a result of yields on interest-earning assets increasing more
than the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the yield on earning assets
increased 8 basis points, while the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities was 0.52% and remained unchanged from the prior
year period. The yield on earning assets was favorably impacted as a result of an increase in higher yielding loan balances, and
reduced prepayments and premium amortization on investment securities. 

 Provision for Loan Losses 

 Management recorded a $152,000
provision for loan losses for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, a decrease of $919,000 compared to a provision of
$1.1 million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. The decrease is primarily due to a decrease in net charge-offs,
and impaired loans from the prior year period, as well as improved economic factors, partially offset by higher loan balances. 

49     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations  

There were $84,000 in charge-offs
during the current year period compared to charge-offs totaling $1.1 million in the prior year period. 

 Noninterest Income 

 Noninterest income totaled $1.5
million for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $118,000, from $1.4 million for the same period in 2015.
The increase was primarily due to a $61,000 increase in gain on sale of loans and a $54,000 increase in service fees, charges and
other operating income. The increase in gain on sale of loans was primarily due to 5.1 million in loans sold during the 2016 year
to date period compared to loan sales of $4.3 million in the same period one year ago. The increase in service fees, charges and
other operating income was primarily due to a $52,000 supervisory fee refund in the current year period, as well as an increase
in service charges on deposit accounts and debit card interchange income, partially offset by lower annuity fee income. 

 Noninterest Expense 

 Noninterest expense totaled $8.9
million for nine month period ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $518,000 from $8.4 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. This increase includes a $433,000 increase in salaries and employee benefits, a $76,000 increase in occupancy and equipment
expense, and a $65,000 increase in franchise taxes, partially offset by a $60,000 decrease in other noninterest expense. The increase
in salaries and employee benefits was due to increased director and committee fees due to a change in the director fee structure,
increased compensation and payroll taxes due to staff additions and merit increases, higher healthcare costs due to an increase
in premiums and staffing levels compared to the prior year period, and higher pension costs due to planned retirements. These increases
were partially offset by a decrease in disability insurance, education and training, and post-retirement benefit costs. The increase
in occupancy and equipment expense was due to increased depreciation, data processing expense and ATM network expenses partially
offset by lower building repairs and maintenance and non-capital furniture and fixture costs. The increase in franchise taxes was
due to the exclusion of the tax credit for the state supervisory exam fee that had previously been assessed and recorded in other
noninterest expense in the prior year period. The decrease in other noninterest expense was due to a decrease in the costs related
to foreclosed assets, legal costs, accounting expense, supervisory exam fees as discussed above and lower appraisal expense compared
to the prior year. These decreased expenses were partially offset with an increase in stationary, printing and supplies expense,
telephone expense, audit related expense, internet banking expense and special services compared to the prior year. 

 Federal Income Taxes 

 Federal income tax expense totaled
$640,000 for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $414,000 compared to $226,000 for the nine month period
ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $1.3 million increase in pretax income compared to the prior year
period, and an increase in the effective tax rate. The effective tax rate in the current year period was 24.9% compared to 17.6%
for the prior year period. The effective rate is below the statutory rate of 34% due to certain income items that are not subject
to tax. 

50     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition   and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements 

 This document contains forward-looking
statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as  estimate,   project,   believe, 
 intend,   anticipate,   plan,   seek,   expect  and similar expressions.
These forward-looking statements include: statements of goals, intentions and expectations, statements regarding prospects and
business strategy, statements regarding asset quality and market risk, and estimates of future costs, benefits and results. 

 These forward-looking statements
are subject to significant risks, assumptions and uncertainties, including, among other things, the following: (1) general economic
conditions, (2) competitive pressure among financial services companies, (3) changes in interest rates, (4) deposit flows, (5)
loan demand, (6) changes in legislation or regulation, (7) changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines, (8) litigation
liabilities, including costs, expenses, settlements and judgments, and (9) other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory
and technological factors affecting our operations, pricing, products and services. 

 Because of these and other uncertainties,
our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. We have no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect any changed assumptions, any unanticipated events or any
changes in the future. 

ITEM 3  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Management believes there has been
no material change in the Company s market risk since the Company s Form 10-K was filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 4  
      Controls and Procedures   

(a)       Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures. 

 Under the supervision and with
the participation of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company
evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective in timely alerting them to the material information relating to the Company (or
our consolidated subsidiaries) required to be included in the Company s periodic SEC filings. 

 (b)       Changes
in internal controls. 

 There has been no change made in
the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

51     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Inc.  PART II  

ITEM 1.  
      Legal Proceedings   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 1A.  
      Risk Factors   

There have been no material changes
in the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015. 

ITEM 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

(a)  
      Not applicable.   

(b)  
      Not applicable.   

(c)  
      The following table sets forth certain information regarding repurchases by the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.   

Notes to the Table: 

 On September 22, 2016, the Company
announced the authorization by the Board of Directors of a new program for the repurchase of up to 69,546 shares, or 2.5%, of the
Company s outstanding shares of common stock. 

ITEM 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not applicable. 

52     

      Index     Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  PART II  

ITEM 5.  
      Other Information   

Not applicable. 

ITEM 6.  
      Exhibits   

53     

      Index       

Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.  

    Signatures  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:   November 7, 2016             
      By:  
       /s/H. Stewart Fitz Gibbon III                    

H. Stewart Fitz Gibbon III   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:     November 7, 2016             
      By:  
       /s/Myron Swartzentruber                        

Myron Swartzentruber   

Senior Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

54     

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

   Pursuant
to Rule 13   a -14( a ) and 15 d -14( a )   

  OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

   Certification
of the Chief Executive Officer   

I, H. Stewart Fitz Gibbon III, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this
quarterly report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report
is being prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this quarterly report any changes in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

November 7, 2016        
       
       /s/H. Stewart Fitz Gibbon III                     
 
      Date  
       
      H. Stewart Fitz Gibbon III   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit
31.2   

Pursuant
to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)   

  OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

   Certification
of the Chief financial Officer   

I, Myron Swartzentruber, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this
quarterly report fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report
is being prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this quarterly report any changes in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

November 7, 2016        
       
       /s/Myron Swartzentruber           
 
      Date  
       
      Myron Swartzentruber   

Senior Vice President and    

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm
 EX-32

EXHIBIT 32  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

I, H. Stewart Fitz
Gibbon III, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Myron Swartzentruber, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
of Wayne Savings Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

November 7, 2016        
       
       /s/H. Stewart Fitz Gibbon III                   
 
      Date  
       
      H. Stewart Fitz Gibbon III   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

November 7, 2016        
       
       /s/Myron Swartzentruber                        
 
      Date  
       
      Myron Swartzentruber   

Senior Vice President and    

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wayn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wayn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wayn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wayn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wayn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wayn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

