<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1435375_0001615774-16-008007_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3074039</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>124142</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>478961</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>642645</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1120709</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>623689</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>65</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008007.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103154611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XG SCIENCES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001435375
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS, MATERIALS, SYNTH RESINS & NONVULCAN ELASTOMERS [2821]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-209131
		FILM NUMBER:		161971434

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3101 GRAND OAK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 212
		CITY:			LANSING
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48911
		BUSINESS PHONE:		517-203-1110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3101 GRAND OAK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 212
		CITY:			LANSING
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008007.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 s104465_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended : September
30, 2016  

 or 

For the transition period from ______to______. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.   

(Exact name of registrant as  
 specified in its  
 charter)  

3101 Grand Oak Drive  

  Lansing, MI 48911  

(Address of principal executive offices) (zip
code) 

(517) 703-1110  

 (Issuer Telephone number) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes     No  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer. See definition of  accelerated
filer  and  large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated Filer      
      Non-Accelerated Filer      
      Smaller Reporting Company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes     No  x  

As of  November 3 ,
2016,  there were 1,236,673 shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  INDEX  

PART I   

ITEM 1.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
      4   

ITEM 2.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
      14   

ITEM 3.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
      24   

ITEM 4.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
      24   

PART II    

ITEM 1.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
      24   

ITEM 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
      24   

ITEM 2.  
       UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS   
      25   

ITEM 3.  
       DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES   
      25   

ITEM 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
      25   

ITEM 5.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      25   

ITEM 6.  
       EXHIBITS   
      26   

SIGNATURES   
      27   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

 The information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements 
and information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) relating to XG Sciences, Inc.,
a Michigan corporation and its subsidiary, XG Sciences IP, LLC, a Michigan corporation (collectively referred to as  we ,
 us ,  our ,  XG Sciences ,  XGS , or the  Company ), which are subject
to the  safe harbor  created by those sections. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and plans and
objectives of management. The words  anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   expects, 
 intends,   may,   plans,   projects,   will,   would 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain
these identifying words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements
and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the risks set forth on beginning on page 18 under
the section entitled  Risk Factors  in our Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 (declared effective August 31, 2016) to the
Existing Registration Statement No. 4 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-209131) as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on April 12, 2016, and declared effective on April 13, 2016. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (unaudited)  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS  (DEFICIT) FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH
FLOWS  

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
AND 2015 (unaudited)  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements.  

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF
PRESENTATION  

XG Sciences, Inc., a Michigan company located
in Lansing, Michigan and its subsidiary, XGS IP, LLC (collectively referred to as  we ,  us ,  our ,
or the  Company ) manufactures graphene nanoplatelets made from graphite, using a proprietary manufacturing process
to split natural flakes of crystalline graphite into very small and thin particles, which we sell as xGnP  graphene nanoplatelets.
These particles are then used in products like battery electrodes, thin sheets, films, inks and coatings that we sell to other
companies. We also sell our nanoparticles in the form of bulk powders or dispersions to other companies for use as additives to
make composite and other materials with specially engineered characteristics. Additionally, we license our technology to other
companies in exchange for royalties and other fees. 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying interim condensed consolidated
financial statements are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and do not include all
of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. 

Certain information and footnote disclosures
normally included in the Company s annual audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been condensed
or omitted in these interim condensed consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements included herein should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-209131),
as amended and having an effective date of August 31, 2016. 

The results of operations presented in this
quarterly report are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that may be expected for any future periods. In the
opinion of management, these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments and accruals, consisting
only of normal recurring adjustments that are necessary for a fair statement of the results of all interim periods reported herein. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Going Concern  

We have historically incurred recurring losses
from operations and we may continue to generate negative cash flows as we implement our business plan. Our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements are prepared using GAAP as applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

We currently do not have sufficient cash or
commitments for financing to sustain our operations for the next twelve months. Our plan is to develop customer relationships and
increase our revenues derived from our products and IP licensing. Although we have historically incurred operating losses, we have
been able to fund such losses primarily by selling common and preferred stock and convertible notes. We expect that our cash on
hand at September 30, 2016 of $637,504 and proceeds from our initial public offering of common stock ( IPO ) $3,102,032
at September 30, 2016 will sustain our operations for the next twelve months. However, we cannot make any assurances that additional
financing will be available to us and, if available, completed on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. 

There has been no public market for our securities
and a public market may never develop, or, if any market does develop, it may not be sustained. Our common stock is not currently
quoted on or traded on any exchange or to our knowledge, on any over-the-counter market. In the event we are unable to fund our
operations from existing cash on hand, operating cash flows, additional borrowings or raising equity capital, we may be forced
to reduce our expenses, slow down our growth rate, or discontinue operations.  Our condensed consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of our condensed consolidated
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, together with amounts disclosed in the related notes to the financial statements.
Actual results and outcomes may differ from our estimates, judgments and assumptions. Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions
used in these condensed consolidated financial statements include, but are not limited to, those related to revenues, accounts
receivable and related allowances, contingencies, useful lives and recovery of long-term assets, income taxes, the fair value of
stock-based compensation and derivative financial instrument liabilities. These estimates, judgments, and assumptions are reviewed
periodically and the effects of material revisions in estimates are reflected in the financial statements prospectively from the
date of the change in estimate. 

Inventory  

Inventory consists of raw materials, work-in-process
and finished goods, all of which are valued at standard cost, which approximates average cost. 

Derivative Financial Instruments  

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge
exposures to cash flow, market or foreign currency risk. The terms of convertible preferred stock and convertible notes that we
issue are reviewed to determine whether or not they contain embedded derivative instruments that are required by ASC 815:  Derivatives
and Hedging  to be accounted for separately from the host contract, and recorded at fair value. In addition, freestanding
warrants are also reviewed to determine if they achieve equity classification. Certain warrants that we have issued did not meet
the conditions for equity classification and are classified as derivative instrument liabilities measured at fair value. The fair
values of these derivative liabilities are revalued at each reporting date, with the change in fair value recognized in earnings. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The following is a reconciliation of the beginning
and ending balances for liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTE 3   PRIVATE PLACEMENT AND PREEMPTIVE
RIGHTS  

Private Placement  

In April 2015, we commenced a private placement
offering of up to $18,000,000 in Series B Units consisting of up to 1,125,000 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock ( Series
B Preferred Stock ) and warrants to purchase common stock (the  Warrants ) at an offering price of $16.00 per
Unit. The offering terminated on August 31, 2015 and as of such date, we had sold 266,987 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and
Warrants to purchase 222,262 shares of common stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of $4,270,192. 

Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has
a stated value of $16.00 per share and is convertible, at the option of the holder into common shares, at a conversion price of
$16.00 per share, subject to adjustments for stock dividends, splits, combinations and similar events. The Warrants have an exercise
price of $16.00 per share and expire 7 years from issuance. During the period from closing of the offering and ending on the earlier
of i) December 31, 2017 and ii) the date the Company consummates the sale of new securities resulting in gross proceeds of at least
$18,000,000, the holder has the right to exchange their Series B Units (Series B Preferred Stock and Warrants) into any new security
sold to third parties at the same relative price per share and other terms at which such new security is sold to such third parties. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

The cash proceeds from the private placement
were allocated first to the derivative liabilities resulting from warrants, at their fair values, with the residual being allocated
to the Series B Preferred Stock. 

Preemptive Rights  

On January 15, 2014, as part of our financing
agreements with Samsung Ventures ( Samsung ), Aspen Advanced Opportunity Fund LP ( AAOF ) and XGS II, LLC
( XGS II ), we agreed to allow all shareholders to purchase one share of Series A convertible preferred stock ( Series
A Preferred Stock ) at a price of $12.00 per share for every two (2) shares of Series A Preferred Stock or common stock owned
by the shareholder. In addition, for every two preemptive shares purchased, the Company issued the shareholder a warrant to purchase
one additional share of Series A Preferred Stock with the same terms as the warrants issued to AAOF and XGS II. The Company also
agreed to issue warrants with the same terms to those shareholders who exercised preemptive rights in October 2013. 

Under the January 15, 2014 preemptive rights
offering, 101,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were sold to existing stockholders at a price of $12.00 per share. In addition,
warrants indexed to 56,054 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued in conjunction with these stock purchases, including
5,554 warrants related to the preemptive rights exercised in October 2013. 

As part of our Series B Unit private placement
in April 2015, shareholders and holders of our convertible notes were provided the right to purchase their pro rata share of any
class of stock that the Company sells or issues. The sale of Series B Preferred Stock in the April 2015 offering triggered the
preemptive rights. As of September 30, 2016, 3,100 shares of Series B Convertible Stock have been sold to existing shareholders
at a price of $16.00 per share. In addition, the Warrants indexed to 2,635 shares of common stock were issued as part of the Series
B Units. 

As of September 30, 2016, the total number
of warrants issued due to the preemptive rights offerings was 58,689. 

NOTE 4   BRIDGE FINANCINGS  

From December 31, 2015 through April 7, 2016,
the Company entered into private placement bridge financings with 14 investors, seven of whom are board members or affiliates of
board members, totaling $1,124,750 (the  Bridge Financings ). The investors in the Bridge Financings received common
stock warrant coverage of 30% for investments made prior to December 31, 2015 and 20% coverage thereafter. 

During June 2016 the Company repaid i) outstanding
principal of $550,000 plus accrued interest of $22,000 to the December 2015 Bridge Financing investors and ii) outstanding principal
of $200,000 plus accrued interest of $5,032 to two of the March 2016 Bridge Financing investors. These investors, who are also
members of the board of directors of the Company, used the proceeds from repayment of their notes, plus additional funds, to purchase
199,879 additional shares of the Company s common stock for approximately $1.6 million. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

The Bridge Financing
Warrants issued in December 2015 inadvertently provided the holder with the right to exchange their warrants on a price per share
basis into a new security on the same relative price per share terms as any new securities sold to third parties resulting in gross
proceeds of at least $18,000,000. As a result of these exchange rights, the December 2015 Bridge Financing warrants did not achieve
equity classification at inception and were recorded as derivative liabilities, at fair value. During the second quarter of 2016,
the warrant holders from the December 2015 Bridge Financing agreed to waive their exchange rights at which time the warrants were
reclassified to equity. This resulted in the current fair value of the Bridge Financing Warrants of $51,418, being reclassified
from derivative liabilities to equity. 

The following table reconciles the Bridge Financings
balance recorded on the balance sheet at September 30, 2016: 

Number of Common Stock Warrants issued with
Bridge Financings        32,120. 

NOTE 5   DERIVATIVE LIABILITY WARRANTS  

As of September 30, 2016, all 1,197,617 derivative
liability classified warrants issued to AAOF, XGS II, and holders of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock have vested. 

Shares indexed to derivative liabilities as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

The following table summarizes the fair value
of the derivative liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

The Company estimated the fair value of their
warrant derivative liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, using a lattice model and the following assumptions: 

The fair value of the warrants is estimated
using a binomial lattice model. Equivalent amounts reflect the net results of multiple modeling simulations that the lattice model
applies to underlying assumptions. Because the Company s common stock is not publicly traded on a national exchange or to
our knowledge, an over-the-counter market, the expected volatility of the Company s stock was developed using historical
volatility for a peer group for a period equal to the expected term of the warrants. The fair value of the warrants will be significantly
influenced by the fair value of our common stock, stock price volatility and the risk free interest components of the lattice technique.
Changes in the fair value of Derivative Liabilities, carried at fair value, are reported as  Change in fair value of derivative
liability - warrants  in the Statement of Operations, and were as follows: 

NOTE 6   OTHER COMMON STOCK WARRANTS  

In addition to the warrants described in Note
5, we had 42,694 warrants to purchase common stock that were issued in 2012 and prior years which are accounted for as equity instruments.
As of September 30, 2016, the remaining warrants, all of which are exercisable, have exercise prices ranging from $8.00 to $12.00
and expire at various dates through 2027, as follows: 

NOTE 7 - INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION PLAN  

We have established an incentive stock option
plan (the  Plan ) under which the Company may grant key employees and directors options to purchase common stock of
the Company at not less than fair market value as of the grant date. Options for up to 600,000 shares may be awarded under the
Plan. Each option is exercisable into one share of common stock of the Company. The Plan expires in December 2017. The fair value
of the options granted was estimated on the dates of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model. As of September 30, 2016,
419,750 option shares have been granted and are outstanding, of which 253,819 are exercisable at an exercise price of $12.00. Vesting
of the options ranges from immediately to 20% per year, with most options vesting on a straight-line basis over a three or four
year period from the date issued. Rights to exercise the options vest immediately upon a change in control of the Company or termination
of the employee s continuous service due to death or disability. The options expire at various dates through October 2023. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

NOTE 8   CAPITAL LEASES  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
we have capital lease obligations as follows: 

The 83,333 common stock warrants issued as
consideration for the equipment financing leases are recorded as derivative liabilities at fair value. The initial value of these
warrants was recorded as a reduction of the capital lease obligation and is being amortized as part of the effective interest cost
on the capital lease obligations. 

NOTE 9 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

We have a licensing agreement for exclusive
use of patents and pending patents with Michigan State University ( MSU ), a shareholder of the Company via the MSU
Foundation. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 we incurred expenses of $12,500 and $25,000, respectively.
We have also entered into product licensing agreements with certain other shareholders. No royalty revenue or expenses have been
recognized related to these agreements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Beginning in 2014, POSCO Corporation ( POSCO ),
one of our shareholders, has a contractual obligation to pay us a minimum of $100,000 per year to license certain technologies
we license from MSU. This obligation is due annually on February 28 of the following year. We record this license revenue at a
rate of $25,000 per quarter. POSCO is disputing that they are obligated to pay the royalties. A petition for arbitration has been
filed for this matter by the Company on March 9, 2016. On July 7 we received a letter from the International Court of Arbitration
and they have assigned an arbitrator to the case. No assessment or decision has made by the arbitrator as of the filing date of
these financial statements. An allowance in the amount of $137,500 and $100,000 has been recorded at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively, to reflect an estimate of the portion of the 2016, 2015 and 2014 royalties that we believe may not be collectible.
The accrued royalty and allowance are netted together and reflected in other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance
sheet. 

The financing arrangements as previously disclosed
were provided by AAOF and XGS II, two private funds that were formed for the sole purpose of investing in the Company by two investors
affiliated with ASC-XGS, LLC, a shareholder of the Company. Pursuant to the Company s Shareholders  Agreement dated
March 18, 2013 (as amended on February 26, 2016), a principal of each private fund serves as a director of the Company. 

The Bridge Financings discussed in Note 4 above
include loans from entities controlled by existing shareholders. Three of these shareholders are also directors of the Company.
In conjunction with these short-term borrowings, the Company issued Warrants (see also discussed in Note 5). 

NOTE 10   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

During the period from October 1 through
November 3, 2016, we received common stock proceeds of $99,000 for the sale of 12,375 shares. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements  

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless
otherwise indicated, the words  we ,  us ,  our ,  XG ,  XGS ,  XG
Sciences  or the  Company  refer to XG Sciences, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, XG Sciences IP, LLC, a
Michigan limited liability company.  

Introduction   

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and the notes thereto included herein. The
information contained below includes statements of the Company s or management s beliefs, expectations, hopes, goals
and plans that, if not historical, are forward-looking statements subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For a discussion on forward-looking statements,
see the information set forth in the introductory note to this quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the caption  Forward-Looking
Statements , which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Overview of our Business   

XG Sciences was formed in May 2006 for
the purpose of commercializing certain technology to produce graphene nanoplatelets. First isolated and characterized in 2004,
graphene is a single layer of carbon atoms configured in an atomic-scale honeycomb lattice. Among many noted properties, monolayer
graphene is harder than diamonds, lighter than steel but significantly stronger, and conducts electricity better than copper. Graphene
nanoplatelets are particles consisting of multiple layers of graphene. Graphene nanoplatelets have unique capabilities for energy
storage, thermal conductivity, electrical conductivity, barrier properties, lubricity and the ability to impart strength when incorporated
into plastics or other matrices. 

We believe the unique properties of graphene
and graphene nanoplatelets will enable numerous new product applications and the market for such products will quickly grow to
be a significant market opportunity. Our business model is to design, manufacture and sell advanced materials we call xGnP   
graphene nanoplatelets and value-added products based on these nanoplatelets. We believe our
proprietary processes have enabled us to be a low-cost producer of high quality, graphene nanoplatelets and that we are well positioned
to address a wide range of end-use applications. 

Our Customers   

We sell products to customers around the
world and have sold materials to over 1,000 customers in 47 countries since 2008. Some of these customers are research organizations
and some are commercial organizations. Our customers have included well-known automotive and OEM suppliers around the world; world-scale
lithium ion battery manufacturers in the US, South Korea and China; and diverse specialty material companies as well as leading
research centers such as Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Oakridge National Laboratory. We have also licensed some of
our base manufacturing technology to POSCO, the fourth largest steel manufacturer in the world by volume of output, and Cabot Corporation
( Cabot ), a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company. These licensees further extend our
technology through their customer networks. 

Our
Focus Areas   

We target our xGnP    nanoplatelets
for use in a wide range of large and growing end-use markets. We believe we are a  platform play  in advanced materials,
because our proprietary manufacturing processes allow us to produce varying grades of graphene nanoplatelets that can be mapped
to a variety of applications in many market segments.  However, we are prioritizing our efforts in specific areas that we believe represent opportunities for either relatively near-term revenue or especially large and attractive
markets. At this time, we are focused on three high priority areas: 

Energy Storage : Within energy storage we focus on lead acid batteries and lithium ion batteries.
Within lithium ion batteries, we develop silicone-graphene composite materials for lithium-ion battery anodes. This is a material
that has shown superior early results in laboratory and early prototype battery testing. Although there is still scientific development,
testing and prototyping that remains to be done, we perceive a significant market opportunity for this new anode material. We also
develop a cathode conductive additive to improve rate capability, especially for higher power applications. XG Sciences 
graphene nanoplatelets demonstrate higher discharge capacity at high rates, which translates into more battery power needed during
heavy power requirements: start-up, acceleration, and/or elevation ascent. In lead acid batteries we develop anode conductive additives
demonstrating improved performance for lifetime and charge acceptance.   

Thermal Management . Thermal management products may take on many forms. Their underlying
intent is to improve the movement of heat where excessive heat may cause a reduction in product lifetime and/or performance. XG
Leaf    materials for thermal applications in electronics is one such product. XG Leaf    is a paper-like
product comprised of xGnP    graphene nanoplatelets. Early testing with customers has produced promising results in
applications requiring high thermal conductivity in thin (20 50 microns) and thick (50 120 microns) sheets, depending
upon the end-use application. Typical applications include the use of these materials in smart phones, tablets, and portable computers.
While there are many other applications for XG Leaf   , including electrostatic dissipation ( ESD ), electromagnetic
interference ( EMI ) shielding and resistive heating, our initial focus is on thermal management. TIM, or thermal interface
materials, in the form of greases or pastes is another product in this category. XG Sciences  TIM s have been shown
to improve the thermal dissipation of heat generated by light emitting diodes when incorporated in various lighting devices. Other
products may include inks or coating formulations specifically designed for use in such applications as portable electronics, heaters
and other industrial equipment benefiting from the use of coatings to improvement heat dissipation.   

Composites . Incorporation of our xGnP    graphene nanoplatelets into various
polymers have been shown to impart improvements in strength, electrical conductivity, thermal conductivity and/or barrier performance.
The company pursues several end-use applications that may benefit from one or more properties and believes that composites represent
a potentially large opportunity for commercial sales.   

XGS Market/Application Focus
Areas   2018 Market Size  

1  Avicenne Energy,  The Worldwide Rechargeable
Battery Market 2014 - 2025 , 24th Edition - V3, July 2015. 

  2  Avicenne Energy,  The
Worldwide Rechargeable Battery Market 2014 - 2025 , 24th Edition - V3, July 2015   Internal Estimates. 

  3  ArcActive via Nanalyze,
April 3, 2015. 

  4  ArcActive via Nanalyze,
April 3, 2015   Internal Estimates. 

  5  Future Markets Insights,
 Consumer Electronics Market: Global Industry Analysis and opportunity Assessment 2015 - 2020 , May 8, 2015. 

  6  Prismark,  Market
Assessment: Thin Carbon-Based Heat Spreaders , August 2014. 

  7  Reporterlink.com,
 Semiconductor   IC Packaging Materials Market  , May 2014. 

  8  Prismark, 2015. 

  9  Grand View Research,
 Global Plastics Market Analysis  , August 2014. 

  10  From (9) and internal
estimates: 2018 = 305 million tons of plastic, if 10% of the market adopted xGnP to enhance their properties, and at only 1% by
weight as an additive, then in 2018 305,000 tons or 305,000,000 kilos of xGnP would be required. At $30 a Kg - the value is $9.1
Bn per year. 

Our Products   

Our proprietary manufacturing processes
allow us to produce nanoplatelets with varying performance characteristics that can be tuned to specific end-use applications based
on customer requirements. We currently offer four commercial  grades  of bulk materials, each of which is available
in various particle sizes, which allows for surface areas ranging from 50 to 800 square meters per gram of material depending on
the product. Other grades may be made available, depending on the needs for specific applications. In addition, we sell our material
in the form of pre-dispersed mixtures with water, alcohol, or other organic solvents and resins. In addition to selling bulk graphene
nanoplatelets, we also offer the following value added products that contain our graphene nanoplatelets in various forms: 

Energy Storage Materials .
These consist of specialty advanced materials that have been formulated for specific applications in the energy storage segment.
Chief among these is our proprietary, specially formulated silicon-graphene composite material (also referred to as  SiG 
or  XG SiG        ) for use in lithium-ion battery anodes. XG SiG        targets
the never-ending need for higher battery capacity and longer life. In several customer trials, our SiG material has demonstrated
the potential to increase battery energy storage capacity by 3-5x what is currently available with conventional lithium ion batteries
today. Additionally, we offer various bulk materials for use as conductive additives for cathodes and anodes in li-ion batteries,
as an additive to anode slurries for lead-carbon batteries, and we are investigating the use of our materials as part of other
battery components. 

Thermal Management Materials.
 These consist mainly of two types of products, our XG Leaf    sheet products and various thermal interface materials
( TIM ) in the form of custom greases or pastes. XG Leaf    is a family of sheet products ideally
suited for use in thermal management in portable electronics, which may include cell phones, tablets and notebook PC s. As
these devices continue to adopt faster electronics, higher data management capabilities, brighter displays with ever increasing
definition, they generate more and more heat. Managing that heat is a key requirement for the portable electronics market and our
XG Leaf    product line is well suited to address the need. These sheets are made using special formulations
of xGnP    graphene nanoplatelets as precursors, along with other materials for specific applications. There
are several different types of XG Leaf    available in various thicknesses, depending on the end-use requirements
for thermal conductivity, electrical conductivity, or resistive heating. Our custom TIM greases and pastes are also designed to
be used in various high temperature environments. Additionally, we offer various bulk materials for use as active components in
liquids, coatings and plastic composites to impart improved thermal management performance to such matrices. 

Inks and Coatings . These
consist of specially-formulated dispersions of xGnP        together with solvents, binders, and other
additives to make electrically or thermally conductive products designed for printing or coating and which are showing promise
in diverse customer applications such as advanced packaging, electrostatic dissipation and thermal management. We also offer a
set of standardized ink formulations suitable for printing. These inks offer the capability to print electrical circuits or antennas,
or might be suitable for other electrical or thermal applications. All of these formulations can be customized for specific customer
requirements. 

Commercialization
Process    

Because graphene is a new material, most
of our customers are still developing applications that use our products, and thus historically most customers have purchased products
in quantities consistent with development purposes. The process of  designing-in  new materials is relatively complex
and involves the use of relatively small amounts of the new material in laboratory and engineering development for an extended
period of time. Following successful development, we expect customers that incorporate our materials into their products will then
order much larger quantities of material to support commercial production. Thus, while many of our customers are currently purchasing
our materials in kilogram (one or two pound) quantities, we expect many will require tons or even hundreds of tons of material
when they commercialize products that incorporate our materials. Although, our customers are under no obligation to report to us
on the usage of our materials, some have indicated that they have introduced or will soon introduce commercial products that use
our materials. 

Commercialization is a process, the exact
timing of which is often difficult to predict. It starts with our own internal R D to validate performance for an identified
market or customer-specific need. Our customers then validate the performance of our materials and determine that our products
can be incorporated into their manufacturing processes. This is initially done at the pilot scale. Our customers then have to introduce
products that incorporate our materials to their own customers to validate performance. After their customers have validated performance,
our customers will then move to commercial scale production. Every customer goes through the same process, but will do so at varying
speeds, depending on the customer, the product and the end-use market. Thus, we are not always able to predict when our customers
will begin ordering commercial volumes of our materials or their expected volumes over time. However, as customers move through
the process, we generally receive a lot of feedback and gain greater insights regarding their commercialization plans. The following
are recent examples of where our products are providing value to our customers at levels that we believe will warrant their use
on a commercial basis: 

Lead acid battery manufacturer demonstrating approximately 90% improvement in measured cycle life, appreciable improvement in capacity and charge acceptance and without any loss in water retention performance, and   

Light emitting diode module and product company demonstrated approximately 50% improvement in thermal management capability when compared to existing commercial thermal management products, translating into a 15% improvement in thermal management at the device level, and   

Automotive parts supplier demonstrating improvements in thermal stability for polymer composites incorporating our materials, allowing for approximately 20% higher operating temperatures and a 50% improvement in strength at the elevated temperature, and   

Industrial refrigeration equipment supplier demonstrating improved heat transfer efficiency and energy savings when our xGnP    graphene nanoplatelets are incorporated as a component in the thermal-transfer fluids, and   

Construction company demonstrating less than one weight percent of our product in construction material composites improves flexural strength by more than 30%, and   

Large oil and lubricant supplier showing gear and friction improvements when incorporated into industrial and automotive greases, and   

Engineering design firm for automotive manufacturers found approximately 20% reduction in operating temperature and in thermal uniformity when XG Leaf        replaces standard cooling fins in lithium ion battery packs, and   

Auto manufacturer showing increased tensile and flexural strength and reduced weight in automotive composites.   

The below graphs show total orders and
customers based on actual purchases of our materials and do not include free samples or materials used in joint development programs.
Since the majority of our customers are still in the development stage, our product sales to date have consisted mainly of orders
for relatively small quantities of materials being used in a variety of research or development activities and in early phase limited
commercial applications. The average order size for the first nine months of 2016 was $1,032, as compared to $600 for the full
year 2015, which indicates these orders were for materials that were not yet incorporated into large-volume commercial products. 

Expected 2016 and 2017 Revenue   

We are tracking the commercial and development
status of more than 100 customer/product engagements. We currently have seven customers who are using our materials in their products
and actively selling them to their customers or actively promoting them for future sales, up from the five reported last quarter.
In addition, we have another five customers who have indicated that they expect to begin shipping product incorporating our materials
in the next 3-6 months, and have another eight customers who have indicated an intent to commercialize in the next 6-9 months.
We also have tens of customers with whom we are working that have not yet indicated an exact date for commercialization, but for
whom we believe have the potential to contribute to revenue in 2017. As a result, we expect to begin shipping significantly greater
quantities of our products as 2016 progresses and into 2017. For example, the average order size for the product revenue reflected
in our statement of operations increased 225% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase was 172% as compared to the same period in 2015. These increases are
resulting from larger orders primarily from customers entering into initial commercial production with our materials. Based on
the status of current discussions with such customers, we believe that we will continue to ramp up revenue through the rest of
2016 and that we believe we will be able to recognize approximately $1 million of revenue in 2016 and approximately $10-15 million
of revenue in 2017.  

Addressable Markets   

The markets that we serve are large and rapidly
growing. For example, as shown in the figure below (Avicenne Energy,  The Rechargeable Battery Market, 2014 2025 ,
July 2015), the market for materials used in lithium ion battery anodes is currently approximately $1 billion, but is expected
to approximately double over the next ten years. We believe our ability to address next generation anode materials represents a
significant opportunity for us. 

According to Prismark Partners, LLC, a leading
electronics industry consulting firm specializing in advanced materials, the 2014 market for finished graphitic heat spreaders
as sold to the OEM and EMS companies with adhesive, PET, and/or copper backing for selected portable applications was $600 million,
and is expected to reach $900 million in 2018. The market is currently in a significant expansion period driven by the demand for
portable devices. In a press release dated March 3, 2015, Gartner, Inc., a leading research organization, estimated the 2014 global
cell phone market at 1.88 billion units. Every cell phone has some form of thermal management system, and we believe many of the
new smart phones being developed can benefit from the thermal management properties of our XG Leaf       
product line. In August 2015, International Data Corporation (IDC) in their Worldwide Quarterly Tablet Tracker, estimated the global
shipment of tablets in 2015 at 212 million units. Thus, we believe our XG Leaf          product
line is well positioned to address a very large and rapidly growing market. 

Intellectual Property   

We believe that our intellectual property
( IP ) is an important asset. Our strategy is to keep our production processes as legally defined and protected trade
secrets rather than to patent them. Some of our proprietary manufacturing processes were developed at Michigan State University
(MSU) and licensed to us in 2006. We licensed three U.S. patents and patent applications from MSU. However, over time, our scientists
and engineers have made many further discoveries and inventions that are embodied in the form of five additional U.S. patents,
two China patents, two patent application that are allowed but not yet granted (one in each China and Taiwan) and 17 additional
U.S. patent applications, and numerous trade secrets. For each patent application filed in the U.S., we make a determination on
the nature and value of the patent. For many of the applications filed in the U.S., additional filings are made in other countries
such as the European Union, Japan, South Korea, China, Taiwan or other applicable countries. These filings and analyses are made
on a case-by-case basis. Typically, patents that are defensive in nature are not filed abroad, while those that are protective
of active XGS products or applications are filed in relevant countries abroad. Our general IP strategy is to keep as trade secrets
those manufacturing processes that are difficult to enforce should they be disclosed and to seek patent coverage for other manufacturing
processes, materials derived from those processes, unique combinations of materials and end uses of materials containing graphene
nanoplatelets. We believe that the combination of our rights under the MSU license, our patents and patent applications, and our
trade secrets create a strong intellectual property position. 

Operating Segment   

We have one reportable operating segment that
manufactures xGnP      graphene nanoplatelets and value-added products produced therefrom, conducts research
on graphene nanoplatelets and related products, and licenses our technology as appropriate. As of September 30, 2016 we shipped
products on a worldwide basis, but all of our assets were located within the United States. 

Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 Compared with the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

The following table summarizes the results
of our operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Product sales consist of two broad categories:
(1) material sold to customers for research or development purposes and (2) production orders for customers. Typically, the order
sizes for the first category are relatively small, however we expect orders in the second category to be much larger in the future.
In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, product sales increased by $74,027, or 32%. The main reason for the increase was customers
moving through development programs towards commercialization, requiring larger quantities of our materials for advanced testing
and pilot production activities. 

We ship our products from our Lansing manufacturing
facilities to customers around the world. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we shipped materials to customers in
24 different countries, as compared to 26 countries during the same period in 2015. Shipments to South Korea accounted for approximately
19.9% and 11.5% and shipments to the United Kingdom accounted for approximately 10.3% and 4.2% of total product revenues during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. No other countries accounted for more than 10% of product revenue
in each of these respective periods. 

The table below shows a comparison of orders
received, both domestic and international. The table also includes the average order size for product sales reflected in our Statement
of Operations. These numbers indicate that our customer base remains active with development or research projects that use our
materials and indicate the breadth of our geographic coverage. The average order size for the product revenue reflected in our
statement of operations increased 225% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the increase was 172% as compared to the same period in 2015. These increases are resulting
from larger orders primarily from customers entering into initial commercial production with our materials. Although the average
size of these orders is still relatively small, we are encouraged that the trend is increasing. The current average order size
indicates that most of our orders are for R D and development activity. We expect that our average order size will continue
to increase as more customers begin to commercialize products that incorporate our materials within them and existing customers
ramp up production volume. 

Grant revenues for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 were $208,475 and $299,879, respectively. The current year consists of: $158,365 of revenue from the Phase II
SBIR grant from the US Department of Energy, $25,110 for a new $150,000 nine month DOE Phase I SBIR grant to develop and demonstrate
a composite anode material that delivers improved capacity retention during full Lithium-ion battery charge to further the nation s
energy strategy to reduce reliance on fossil fuels and improve the environment, and $25,000 from the Michigan Emerging Technologies
Fund to assist with commercialization of the technology investigated under the DOE Phase I SBIR grant. Grant revenues for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 consisted of the II SBIR grant from the DOE. This program, entitled  Low-cost, High-Energy
Si/Graphene Anodes for Li-Ion Batteries  was an award for a total of $1M to fund the research project over a planned two-year
period commencing in January 2014 and originally expiring December 2015; a no cost contract extension had been approved with a
new expiration date of June 22, 2016. The grant has been billed in full and is now considered completed. DOE grant revenues are
recorded as time and expenses are incurred for allowable charges specified in the grant contracts. Time and charges for the DOE
activity was higher in 2015 than 2016 and thus the grant revenues from this source is lower in the current year by $116,404. 

Cost of Goods Sold   

We use a standard cost system to estimate the
direct costs of products sold. Direct costs include estimates of raw material costs, packaging, freight charges net of those billed
to customers, and an allocation for direct labor and manufacturing overhead. Because of the nature of our production processes,
there is a substantial fixed manufacturing expense requirement that represents the ongoing cost of maintaining production facilities
that are not directly related to products sold, so we use a  full capacity  allocation of overhead based on an estimate
of what product costs would be if the manufacturing facilities were operating on a full-time basis and producing products at the
designed capacity. This estimate involves estimating both the level of expenses as well as production amounts as if the manufacturing
facility were operating on a continuous, three-shift, production basis. 

The following table shows the relationship
of direct costs to product sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

We believe that the fluctuations in direct
cost from period to period are not indicative of overall performance or of future margins because of the relatively small size
of our sales in comparison to our future expectations. Direct costs vary depending on the size of an order, the specific products
being ordered and other factors like shipping destination. 

Costs associated with grant revenues tend to
be a mixture of facilities use, management time, labor from scientists, technicians and manufacturing personnel, and some supplies.
Because of the difficulty of developing and maintaining an administrative system to gather direct costs for grants, together with
the relatively small size of grant revenues, we do not track direct costs for grant revenues as a separate cost category. Therefore,
we do not calculate direct cost margins associated with grant revenues but, rather, we view these revenues as being supported by
indirect corporate expenses. 

Costs associated with licensing revenue tend
to be a mixture of IP costs as well as management and administrative expenses that are indirect in nature. As such, we do not assign
direct costs to licensing revenues. Where revenues from a license agreement can be assigned to specific product revenues, we classify
these revenues as product sales and, using our standard cost system, assign direct costs to those sales. 

The remaining  non-direct  costs
of operating our manufacturing facilities are recorded as unallocated manufacturing expenses. These expenses include personnel
costs, rent, utilities, indirect supplies, depreciation, and related indirect expenses. Unallocated manufacturing expenses are
expensed as incurred. We allocate these costs as direct product costs on the basis of the proportion of these expenses that would
be representative product costs if we were operating our factory at full capacity. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
unallocated manufacturing expenses decreased by $193,432 or 18% from the same period in 2015. The largest part of this decrease
was due to decreased payroll, tax and benefit costs as compared with the prior year. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development expenses totaled $866,668
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This is a decrease of $268,658 or 31% from the previous year. The largest part of
this decrease was due to reduced payroll, tax and benefit costs as compared with the prior year. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses   

During the first nine months of 2016 we
incurred selling, general and administrative expenses (SGA) of $2.6 million. This is a decrease of $515,123 or 19.7% from the same
period in the prior year. This decrease was driven by a reduction in payroll and related expenses as well as a reduction in professional
fees. Common stock issuance costs incurred in 2016 for legal, accounting, and other fees were $538,640 and these expenses are recorded
as an offset to common stock on the balance sheet. As we continue to grow and gain traction in the marketplace our SGA expenses
will fluctuate but should stabilize and become more fixed in nature as we achieve economies of scale. 

Other Income (Expense)   

The following table shows a comparison of other income and expense
by major component for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 was substantially lower than the same periods in 2015 because the convertible notes outstanding in 2015 were converted to
equity on December 31, 2015. 

Cash Flow Summary   

The following condensed cash flow statement
compares cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Net
cash used by operating activities decreased by 49% during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period
in 2015, because of reduced operating expenses, as discussed above. 

Investment activities for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 included net capital expenditures for the purchase of property and equipment of $84,187 and $89,264
for IP as compared with $157,983 for property and equipment and $59,663 for IP during the corresponding period in 2015. These
levels of capital expenditures are significantly lower than expected in the future as we begin to ramp up our production
capacity to meet customer orders. Therefore, these expenditures should not be interpreted as indicative of future
expenditures in this area. 

Financing activity for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 included: $3,102,032 of proceeds from the issuance of common stock, $574,750 of proceeds from short-term notes,
net advances from capital leases of $29,896, repayment of short-term notes of $750,000, and expenses of $538,640 for IPO related
costs. Financing activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included $4,319,792 of proceeds from the issuance of Series
B preferred stock, $14,000 from the issuance of common stock, and repayments of capital leases of $28,764. 

Liquidity and Capital Expenditures   

Ongoing cash flow from operations has been
negative throughout our history. In addition, we have invested significant amounts in research and manufacturing capabilities.
We anticipate that we will need to invest further to support ongoing operations for a minimum of another one to two years. We are currently are in the process of conducting sales of common stock through our IPO in accordance with our registration statement
on Form S-1 declared effective on April 13, 2016, and as amended on August 31, 2016. We expect that our cash on hand at September
30, 2016 of $637,504 and proceeds from our IPO will sustain our operations for the next twelve months. Our plan is also to further
develop customer relationships and increase our revenues derived from our products and IP licensing. 

The Company s financial projections show
that the Company may need to raise an additional $15,000,000 or more before it is capable of achieving sustainable cash flow from
operations. We intend that the primary means for raising such funds will be through our currently ongoing IPO. However, we cannot
make any assurance that we will be able to raise these funds or that the terms and conditions of future financing will be workable
or acceptable for the Company and its shareholders. 

We also currently forecast a need for additional
capital expenditures to execute on our business plan. The amount and timing of such expenditures will be dependent on the timing
and magnitude of sales orders received from customers, but we currently anticipate a need to invest approximately $1,000,000 to
$6,000,000 during the next twelve months. We plan to fund these investments through a mixture of capital lease financing, debt
financing, and from the proceeds of our IPO. If we are unable to obtain such financing, we may be forced to curtail our investment
activities and this may limit our ability to grow our revenues as fast as we would like. 

Additionally, we anticipate that as our sales
increase we will need to invest funds in working capital to support additional inventory and accounts receivable. Taken together,
these multiple cash requirements will likely exceed our cash flow from operations for at least one to two more years. 

Although there can be no guarantee of successful
funding in the future, we intend to pursue the sale of additional equity securities, as well as additional debt or lease financing
in the future, until such time as ongoing revenues allow us to generate a positive monthly cash flow from the business sufficient
to cover our cash requirements. 

In the event we are unable to fund our operations
from existing cash on hand, operating cash flows, or additional debt or equity capital, we may be forced to reduce our expenses
by curtailing operations, slow down our growth rate, or discontinue operations. Our condensed consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Estimates  

In preparing the consolidated financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ), we have
adopted various accounting policies. Our most significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements included in our registration statement on Form S-1 for the year ended December 31 2015, which became effective April
13, 2016. 

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes. Our estimates and assumptions, including those related to inventories, intangible
assets, property, plant and equipment, legal proceedings, research and development, warranty obligations, product liability, fair
valued liabilities, sales returns and discounts, and income taxes are updated as appropriate, which in most cases is at least quarterly.
We base our estimates on historical experience, or various judgements about the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses. Actual results may materially differ from these estimates. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk  

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide this information. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

(a)  Evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures . At the conclusion of the period ended September 30, 2016, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer/Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act )). Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive
Officer/Principal Financial Officer concluded that as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
and adequately designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms and that
such information was accumulated and communicated to our Principal Executive Officer/Principal Financial Officer, in a manner that
allowed for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. 

(b)  Changes in internal controls . There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

Beginning in 2014, POSCO, one of our licensees
and a shareholder, has had a contractual obligation to pay us a minimum fee of $100,000 per year to license certain technologies.
This obligation is due annually on February 28 of the following year. We record this license revenue at a rate of $25,000 per quarter.
POSCO is disputing that they are obligated to pay the royalties. A petition for arbitration has been filed for this matter by the
Company on March 9, 2016. On July 7 we received a letter from the International Court of Arbitration and they have assigned an
arbitrator to the case. No assessment or decision has made by the arbitrator as of the issuance date of this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide this information. 

However, the Company is supplementing its risk factors contained
in the Company's registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-209131) initially declared effective on April 13, 2016, as amended
on August 31, 2016 with the following: 

Newly purchased shares in the Company will experience
immediate dilution   

Newly purchased shares of common stock purchased will experience
immediate dilution of $4.04 per share or 50.5% as a result of the public offering pursuant to the Company's registration statement
initially declared effective on April 13, 2016, as amended on August 31, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

The Company is filing its updated Form
of Subscription Agreement effective as of November 3, 2016 as Exhibit 10.1. This agreement updates the  Form of Subscription
Agreement for Primary Offering  originally filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Company's registration statement on Form S-1 on January
27, 2016. 

The Company is also filing its Form of
Indemnification Agreement, as approved at the meeting of the Board of Directors on October 28, 2016, as Exhibit 10.2. This agreement
sets forth the indemnification obligations of the Company to its directors for their services to the Company. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

EXHIBIT   
  NUMBER   
       
       DESCRIPTION   
       
       LOCATION    

10.1 
       
     Form of Subscription Agreement for Primary Offering (updated as of November 3, 2016) 
       
     Filed herewith  

10.2 
       
     Form of Indemnification Agreement 
       
     Filed herewith  

31.1   
       
      Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      Filed herewith   

32.1  
       
      Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002*  
       
      Furnished herewith   

101. INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  
       
      Filed herewith   

101. CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Link base Document  
       
      Filed herewith   

101. DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Link base Document  
       
      Filed herewith   

101. LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Label Link base Document  
       
      Filed herewith   

101. PRE  
       
      XBRL Extension Presentation Link base Document  
       
      Filed herewith   

101. SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Scheme Document  
       
      Filed herewith   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

Dated: November 3, 2016  
      By:  
       
      /s/ Philip L. Rose   

Name:  
       
      Philip L. Rose   

Title:  
       
      Chief Executive Officer, President,  
 Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer and  
 Principal Financial Officer   

Dated: November 3, 2016  
      By:  
       
      /s/ Corinne Lyon   

Name:  
       
      Corinne Lyon   

Title:  
       
      Controller and Principal Accounting Officer   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 s104465_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1  

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT  

Ladies/Gentlemen:  

XG Sciences, Inc.,
a Michigan corporation (the   Company  ) is selling in this offering (this   Offering  ) up to
$24,000,000 in shares of its common stock, no par value per share, at $8 per share (the   Shares  ) to investors
pursuant to that certain registration statement on Form S-1, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and initially
effective as of April 13, 2016 (the  Prospectus ) as may be post-effectively amended from time to time. 

1.             Subscription . 

1.1            The
undersigned subscriber (  Subscriber  ) hereby subscribes for the number of Shares set forth on the signature
page below at a purchase price of $8.00 per Share. 

1.2            If
the undersigned is paying with a check or money order, enclosed is a check or money order payable to the order of  XG Sciences,
Inc. , in the amount set forth on the signature page below as payment in full of the total purchase price of the Shares subscribed
for. 

1.3            If
the undersigned in paying by wire transfer, the undersigned shall effect a wire transfer in the amount set forth on the signature
page below as payment in full of the total purchase price of the Shares subscribed for to the bank account set forth in and in
accordance with the wire instructions detailed in  Exhibit A  .  

2.             Subscriber s
Acknowledgments and Agreements . 

The undersigned understands,
acknowledges and agrees that: 

2.1            If
a resident of any of the states listed below, the undersigned meets the suitability standards of this section: 

(a)           Arkansas
investors must meet the following criteria: 

(i)           A
minimum annual gross income of $70,000 and a minimum net worth of $70,0000, exclusive of automobile home and home furnishings;
or 

(ii)          A
minimum net worth of $250,000 exclusive of automobile, home and home furnishings. 

(b)           California
investors must meet the following criteria: 

(i)           Only
 Accredited Investors  in California (as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended) may invest in this offering. 

(c)           Kentucky
investors must meet the following criteria: 

(i)           
A net income of at least $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with a spouse exceeding $300,000 for those
years and a reasonable expectation of the same income level in the current year; or 

(ii)          An
individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person s spouse, in excess of $1,000,000, excluding the value of the person s
primary resident. 

(d)           Missouri
investors must meet the following criteria: 

(i)           
A minimum annual gross income of $70,000 and a minimum net worth of $70,0000, exclusive of automobile home and home furnishings;
or 

(ii)          A
minimum net worth of $250,000 exclusive of automobile, home and home furnishings. 

(iii)         No
more than 10% of any one Missouri investor s liquid net worth shall be invested in the Company s securities. 

(e)           New
Jersey investors must meet the following criteria: 

(i)           Only
 Accredited Investors  in New Jersey (as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended) may invest in this offering. 

(f)           This
offering is no longer available to New Mexico investors. 

(g)           Oklahoma
investors must meet the following criteria: 

(i)           A
minimum annual gross income of $70,000 and a minimum net worth of $70,0000, exclusive of automobile home and home furnishings;
or 

(h)           A
minimum net worth of $250,000 exclusive of automobile, home and home furnishings. 

(i)           Pennsylvania
investors must meet the following criteria: 

(i)           A
minimum annual gross income of $70,000 and a minimum net worth of $70,0000, exclusive of automobile home and home furnishings;
or 

(ii)          A
minimum net worth of $250,000 exclusive of automobile, home and home furnishings. 

(j)           Vermont
investors may invest pursuant to the following restrictions: 

(i)           Accredited
investors in Vermont, as defined in 17 C.F.R. Section 230.501, may invest freely in this offering; and 

(ii)          Non-accredited
Vermont investors may not purchase an amount in this offering that exceeds 10% of the investor s  liquid net worth ,
defined as an investor s total assets (not including home, home furnishings or automobiles) minus total liabilities. 

2.2            This
subscription may be accepted or rejected in whole or in part by the Company, in its sole discretion. The Company may also terminate
the Offering at any time. 

2.3            
Except as provided under applicable securities laws, this subscription is and shall be irrevocable except that (a) the undersigned s
execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement will not constitute an agreement between the Company and the undersigned
until this Subscription Agreement is accepted on behalf of the Company and, if not so accepted, the undersigned s subscription
and obligations hereunder will terminate and (b) the undersigned can, at any time prior to acceptance of this Subscription Agreement,
request in writing that the undersigned be released from the obligations hereunder, and the Company may, but need not, in its discretion,
elect to release the undersigned from the subscription and from such obligations. 

2.4            No
U.S. federal or state agency has made any finding or determination as to the fairness of the terms of this Offering. These securities
have not been recommended or endorsed by any U.S. federal or state securities commission or regulatory agency. 

2.5            The
Subscriber shall have the option to accept delivery of the Shares in any of the following formats: i) the Shares may be issued
in book entry format and held electronically at the Company s transfer agent, VStock Transfer, LLC (  Transfer Agent  ),
ii) the Shares may be delivered, through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company, to a brokerage house, and shall be registered
in such name or names and shall be in such denominations, as the Subscriber may request by written notice to the Company, or iii)
the Shares may be issued via physical stock certificate. The cost of original issue tax stamps and other transfer taxes, if any,
and any fees from the Transfer Agent in connection with the issuance and delivery of the Shares by the Company to the Subscriber
shall be borne by the Company. 

2.6            After
this Offering is completed, the Company intends to seek either (i) a listing of its common stock on a securities exchange registered
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under Section 6(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such as
the NASDAQ Capital Market or the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), or (ii) the quotation of its common stock on the OTCQB or OTCQX
marketplaces operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the act of achieving such listing or quotation, generally referred to hereafter
as a   Public Listing  ), but there can be no assurance that the Company will ever achieve a Public Listing (See
Risk Factors   Risks Related to the Offering in the Prospectus). The Subscriber understands that until such time as the Company
achieves a Public Listing of its Shares, a public market will not exist for the Shares and it may be difficult to sell the Shares
purchased in this Offering. 

3.             Governing
Law; Arbitration; Venue.  

3.1           This
Subscription Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder shall be deemed to be made under and governed by the laws of the
State of Michigan applicable to agreements made and to be performed entirely within such State, without reference to such State's
laws regarding the conflict of laws. 

3.2           Any
litigation arising hereunder shall be instituted only in Ingham County or the state courts of the State of Michigan sitting in
Ingham County. All parties agree that venue shall be proper in Ingham County for all such legal or equitable proceedings. 

3.3           The
headings of this Subscription Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation
of, this Subscription Agreement. All pronouns and any variations thereof refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or
plural, as the context may require. 

3.4           If
any provision of this herein shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Subscription Agreement or the validity or enforceability of
this Subscription Agreement in any other jurisdiction. 

[Remainder of page
intentionally left blank. Signatures to follow]  

Date:  

Subscriber s Name:  

Type of Subscriber:  

 As (check one) Individual _________ Tenants in Common _________
Partnership _________ Joint Tenants   _________ Corporation _________ Trust __ Minor with Adult Custodian under UGMA
_____ Other ______ 

Number of Shares Subscribed For: _____________ 

Purchase Price Per Share:               x               
$8.00 

Aggregate Purchase Price:             $_____________ 

Signature of Subscriber  
       
      Signature of Co-Subscriber   
 
      Name:  

Name:  

Title:  

Title:  

Taxpayer I.D. Number  
       
      Taxpayer I.D. Number of Co-Subscriber   

Subscriber s mailing address:   
       
       Co-Subscriber s mailing address    

Phone #:  

Phone #:  

Email:  

Email:  

Subscriber s Election for how it would like to receive
shares:  

_______  
      Please issue the Shares electronically in book entry format to be held at VStock Transfer, LLC, the Company s Transfer Agent.   

_______  
      Please issue the Shares and deliver them electronically, through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company, to such brokerage house as indicated by the Subscriber in separate written instructions. Instructions must include name of Brokerage Firm, DTC Participant Number, Account Name and Account number.   

_______  
      Please issue a stock certificate for the Shares and deliver it to the Subscriber s address above. (1)    

Accepted:  

XG SCIENCES, INC. 

By:   

Date:  

Name:  

Title:  

(1) Subscribers are encouraged to discuss with their financial
advisor(s) whether holding physical stock certificates in a public company in light of the current regulatory environment is an
appropriate way to hold such securities as many brokerage houses will no longer accept physical stock certificates for deposit. 

EXHIBIT A   

COMPANY WIRE INSTRUCTIONS  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 s104465_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2  

XG SCIENCES, INC.  

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT   

This Indemnification
Agreement (this   Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of the _____ day of ______________________, 20__ by
and between XG Sciences, Inc., a Michigan corporation (the   Corporation  ), and ___________________________ (  Indemnitee  ). 

WITNESSETH:  

WHEREAS,  highly
competent persons have become more reluctant to serve corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities unless they are
provided with adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their service
to and activities on behalf of the corporation; 

WHEREAS,  the
uncertainties relating to indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining such persons; 

WHEREAS,  the
Board of Directors of the Corporation has determined that the increased difficulty in attracting and retaining such persons is
detrimental to the best interests of the Corporation's stockholders and that the Corporation should act to assure such persons
that there will be increased certainty of such protection in the future; 

WHEREAS,  it
is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Corporation contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, and to advance expenses
on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve the Corporation
free from undue concern that they will not be so indemnified; and 

WHEREAS,  the
Indemnitee does not regard the protection available under the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and insurance as
adequate in the present circumstances, and may not be willing to serve the Corporation without adequate protection, and the Corporation
desires the Indemnitee to continue to serve the Corporation. 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of Indemnitee s agreement to provide services to the Corporation and/or certain of its affiliates as contemplated
hereby, the mutual agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto stipulate and agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I  
  Definitions   

Section 1.1.            As
used herein, the following words and terms shall have the following respective meanings (whether singular or plural):  

Articles
of Incorporation   means the Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation (as they may be amended or restated from time
to time). 

Board of
Directors   means the board of directors of the Corporation. 

Bylaws  
means the bylaws of the Corporation (as they may be amended or restated from time to time). 

Change of
Control   means: 

(i)           The
acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(5) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the   Exchange Act  )) (a   Person  ) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning
of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of forty percent (40%) or more of either (1) the then outstanding shares of common
stock of the Corporation (the   Outstanding Corporation Common Stock  ) or (2) the combined voting power of the
then outstanding voting securities of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the   Outstanding
Corporation Voting Securities  );  provided, however , that for purposes of this subsection (i), the following acquisitions
shall not constitute a Change of Control: (A) any acquisition directly from the Corporation, (B) any acquisition by the Corporation,
(C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Corporation or any entity controlled
by the Corporation or (D) any acquisition by any entity pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (1) and (2) of subsection
(iii) of this definition;   

(ii)          Individuals
who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board of Directors (the   Incumbent Board  ) cease for any reason to
constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors;  provided, however , that any individual becoming a director subsequent
to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by the Corporation s stockholders, was approved by a vote of
at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member
of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result
of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened
solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board of Directors; or  

(iii)         Consummation
of a reorganization, merger or consolidation or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation
(a   Business Combination  ), in each case, unless, following such Business Combination, (1) all or substantially
all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Outstanding Corporation Common Stock and
Outstanding Corporation Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly,
more than forty percent (40%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the
then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the entity resulting
from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity that as a result of such transaction owns the Corporation
or all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Business Combination, of the Outstanding Corporation Common
Stock and Outstanding Corporation Voting Securities, as the case may be, and (2) at least a majority of the members of the board
of directors of the corporation, or the similar managing body of a non-corporate entity, resulting from such Business Combination
were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the action of the Board of Directors,
providing for such Business Combination.  

Covered Capacity  
means, with respect to any person, that such person (or a person for whom he is serving as a legal representative) is or was a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as director, manager,
officer, trustee, general partner, member, fiduciary, employee or agent of (i) a subsidiary of the Corporation or (ii) any other
enterprise. 

Expenses  
include all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses of any type or nature, including, without limitation, all attorneys 
fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private investigators
and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax
transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing
to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a witness in, settlement or appeal of or otherwise participating
in a Proceeding, including reasonable compensation for time spent by Indemnitee for which he is not otherwise compensated by the
Corporation or any third party.  Expenses  also include expenses incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from
any Proceeding, including the premium for, security for, and other costs relating to, any cost bond, supersedeas bond or other
appeal bond or its equivalent.  Expenses  do not include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of
judgments or fines against Indemnitee. 

Independent
Counsel   means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently
is, nor in the five years previous to his selection or appointment has been, retained to represent: (i) the Corporation or Indemnitee
in any matter material to either such party or (ii) any other party to the Proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification
hereunder. The term  Independent Counsel  does not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional
conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or Indemnitee in an action to
determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement, the Bylaws of the Corporation or under any agreement between Indemnitee
and the Corporation. 

MCL  
means the Michigan Compiled Laws. 

Proceeding  
includes a threatened, pending or completed action, suit, arbitration, alternate dispute resolution, investigation, inquiry, administrative
hearing, appeal or any other actual, threatened or completed proceedings with or brought in the right of the Corporation or otherwise
and whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative in nature. 

ARTICLE
II  
  Services by Indemnitee   

Section 2.1.            Indemnitee
agrees to serve or continue to serve in his current capacity or capacities as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary
of the Corporation. Indemnitee may also serve, as the Corporation may reasonably request from time to time, as a director, officer,
employee, agent or fiduciary of any other corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, joint venture, trust,
employee benefit plan or other enterprise in which the Corporation has an interest. Indemnitee and the Corporation each acknowledge
that they have entered into this Agreement as a means of inducing Indemnitee to serve the Corporation in such capacities. Indemnitee
may at any time and for any reason resign from such position or positions (subject to any other contractual obligation or any obligation
imposed by operation of law). The Corporation shall have no obligation under this Agreement to continue Indemnitee in any such
position for any period of time and shall not be precluded by the provisions of this Agreement from removing Indemnitee from any
such position at any time.  

ARTICLE
III  
  Third Party Proceedings   

Section 3.1.            The
Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee if he was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding, except an
action by or in the right of the Corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was serving or acting in a Covered Capacity,
against Expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in accordance
with  Article VIII  in connection with the Proceeding if he: (a) is not liable pursuant to MCL 450.1541a and (b) acted in
good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation,
and, with respect to any criminal action or Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. The
termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, does
not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee is liable pursuant to MCL 450.1541a or did not act in good faith and in a
manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation or that, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, he had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.  

ARTICLE
IV  
  Derivative Actions   

Section 4.1.            The
Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee if he was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or
completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee
is or was serving or acting in a Covered Capacity, against Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in accordance
with  Article VIII  and amounts paid in settlement thereof if Indemnitee: (a) is not liable pursuant to MCL 450.1541a, and
(b) acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation.
Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee has been adjudged by a court of competent
jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the Corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the
Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction
determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnity for such Expenses as the court deems proper.  

ARTICLE
V  
  Party Who is Wholly or Partially Successful   

Section 5.1.            Notwithstanding
any other provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is a party to or a participant in and is successful on the
merits or otherwise in any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter in any Proceeding, in whole or in part, to which
Indemnitee was or is a party or is otherwise involved by reason of the fact that he is or was serving or acting in a Covered Capacity,
the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee
in accordance with  Article VIII  in connection with any Proceeding or defense. If Indemnitee is not wholly successful in
the Proceeding, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by him or on his behalf in connection with each claim, issue or matter on which Indemnitee was successful. The termination of any
claim, issue or matter in the Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, by reason of settlement, judgment, order or otherwise,
shall be deemed to be a successful result as to such Proceeding, claim, issue or matter, so long as there has been no finding that
Indemnitee (i) is liable pursuant to MCL 450.1541a or (ii) did not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal proceeding or action,
had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.  

ARTICLE
VI  
  Expenses as Witness   

Section 6.1.            To
the extent Indemnitee is, by reason of his or her serving or acting in a Covered Capacity, a witness in any Proceeding to which
Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified and held harmless against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred
by him or on his behalf in accordance with  Article VIII  in connection with the Proceeding and his or her acting as a witness
in it.  

ARTICLE
VII  
  Exclusions   

Section 7.1.            Notwithstanding
the foregoing, indemnification, unless ordered by a court pursuant to MCL 450.1564c or for the advancement of Expenses made pursuant
to  Section 8.1 , shall not be made to or on behalf of the Indemnitee if he or she is adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction,
after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable for intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law.   

Section 7.2.            Notwithstanding
any provision in this Agreement, the Corporation is not obligated under this Agreement to make any indemnification payments in
connection with any claim made against Indemnitee:  

(a)           For
which payment has actually been received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other indemnity provision,
except with respect to any excess beyond the amount actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or other
indemnity provision or otherwise; 

(b)           For
an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale, or sale and purchase, by Indemnitee of securities of the Corporation
within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act; or 

(c)          Except
as provided for in  Sections 8.1  of this Agreement, in connection with any Proceeding or any part of any Proceeding, initiated
by Indemnitee, including those initiated against the Corporation or its officers, directors or employees, unless (i) the Board
of Directors authorizes the Proceeding or part thereof before its initiation, (ii) the Proceeding was commenced following a Change
of Control or (iii) the Corporation provides the indemnification in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Corporation
under applicable law. 

ARTICLE
VIII  
  Advancement of Expenses   

Section 8.1.            Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement and to the fullest permitted by applicable law, the Corporation shall advance the Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is a party or is otherwise involved by reason
of the fact that he is or was serving or acting in a Covered Capacity, as soon as practicable but in any event not more than ten
(10) days after receipt by the Corporation of a statement requesting the advances, whether the statement is submitted before or
after final disposition of any Proceeding. Unless otherwise required by law, the Corporation shall not require that Indemnitee
provide any form of security for repayment of or charge any interest on any amounts advanced pursuant to this  Section 8.1 .
The advances shall be made without regard to Indemnitee s ability to repay the Expenses and without regard to any belief
or determination as to Indemnitee s ultimate entitlement to be indemnified. Advances shall include any and all reasonable
Expenses incurred in pursuing a Proceeding to enforce the right of advancement, including Expenses incurred in preparing statements
to the Corporation to support the advances claimed. Indemnitee qualifies for advances, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, solely upon the execution and delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking providing that Indemnitee undertakes to repay
the advance to the extent it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation under
the provisions of this Agreement, the Articles of Incorporation or an agreement between the Corporation and Indemnitee. This section
does not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for any indemnification payment that is excluded pursuant to  Section 7.2 
of this Agreement.  

ARTICLE
IX  
  Notices   

Section 9.1.            Indemnitee
agrees to notify the Corporation in writing promptly after being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment,
inquiry, information request or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which may be subject to indemnification, hold
harmless or exoneration rights or the advancement of expenses;  provided, however , that the failure of Indemnitee to so notify
the Corporation shall not relieve the Corporation of any obligation it may have to Indemnitee under this Agreement or otherwise.
Indemnitee may deliver to the Corporation a written application to indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee in accordance with this
Agreement. The application may be delivered from time to time and may be amended and supplemented and at such times as Indemnitee
deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. After a written application for indemnification is delivered by Indemnitee, Indemnitee s
entitlement to indemnification shall be determined pursuant to  Articles X ,  XI  and  XII  of this Agreement.  

ARTICLE
X  
  Procedures   

Section 10.1.            To
the fullest extent permitted by law, the indemnification provided for in this Agreement shall be deemed mandatory. To the extent
that, under applicable law, any indemnification provided for in this Agreement is treated as discretionary, any indemnification
determination, unless ordered by a court or advanced pursuant to  Section 8.1  of this Agreement, may be made by the Corporation
only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances.
Such determination must be made:  

(i)              by
the stockholders of the Corporation;  

(ii)            by
the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who are not parties to the Proceeding;  

(iii)           if
a majority vote of a quorum of directors not parties to the Proceeding so orders, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion;
or  

(iv)           if
a quorum consisting of directors who are not parties to the Proceeding cannot be obtained, by Independent Counsel in a written
opinion.  

Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if at any time during the two (2) year period prior to the date of any written application for indemnification submitted
by Indemnitee in connection with a particular Proceeding there shall have occurred a Change of Control, the Board of Directors
shall direct (unless Indemnitee otherwise agrees in writing) that the indemnification determination shall be made by Independent
Counsel in a written opinion. 

Section 10.2.            If
the determination of Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel, the Independent Counsel
must be selected as provided in this  Section 10.2 . The Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee and Indemnitee
must give written notice to the Corporation advising it of the Independent Counsel s identity so selected, unless Indemnitee
requests in writing that the Independent Counsel be selected by the Board of Directors. If the Independent Counsel is selected
by the Board of Directors, the Corporation must given written notice to Indemnitee setting forth the identity of the Independent
Counsel. In either event, Indemnitee or the Corporation, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days after the written notice
of selection is received, deliver to the other party a written objection to the selection. These objections may be asserted only
on the grounds that the Independent Counsel selected does not meet the requirements of an  Independent Counsel  as
defined in  Article I  of this Agreement, and the objection must set forth with particularity the factual basis of the assertion.
Absent a proper and timely objection, the person so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If within twenty (20) days after
submission by Indemnitee of a request for indemnification, no Independent Counsel has been selected, either the Corporation or
Indemnitee may petition a court with jurisdiction over the parties for resolution of the objection and/or the appointment of a
person to be Independent Counsel selected by the court.  

Section 10.3.            The
Corporation agrees to pay the reasonable fees and Expenses of Independent Counsel in accordance with  Article VIII  and to
fully indemnify and hold the Independent Counsel harmless against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and damages arising
out of or relating to this Agreement or the Independent Counsel s engagement.  

Section 10.4.            The
Corporation must promptly advise Indemnitee in writing if a determination is made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification
and must include a description of the reasons or basis for denial. If it is determined Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification,
the payment to Indemnitee must be made as soon as practicable but in no event more than ten (10) days after the determination.
Indemnitee must reasonably cooperate with the persons making the determination and, upon request, must provide such persons with
documents and information (which are not privileged or otherwise protected) reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary
to the determination. All Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in cooperating with the persons making the determination shall be paid
by the Corporation (irrespective of the determination as to indemnification) and the Corporation hereby indemnifies and agrees
to hold Indemnitee harmless from those Expenses.  

ARTICLE
XI  
  Presumptions   

Section 11.1.            In
determining whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, the person or persons making the determination
must presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Corporation has the burden of proof to
overcome that presumption. Moreover, if at any time during the two (2) year period prior to the date of any written application
for indemnification submitted by Indemnitee in connection with a particular Proceeding or other matter there shall have occurred
a Change of Control, the foregoing presumption may only be overcome by clear and convincing evidence. Neither of the following
is a defense to an action seeking a determination granting indemnity to Indemnitee or creates a presumption that Indemnitee has
not met the applicable standard of conduct: (i) the failure of the Corporation (including its directors or Independent Counsel)
to have made a determination before the beginning of an action seeking a ruling that indemnification is proper nor (ii) an actual
determination by the Corporation (including its directors or Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard
of conduct.  

Section 11.2.            If
the persons or entity selected under  Article X  of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification
has not made a determination within thirty (30) days after receipt by the Corporation of the request for it, the requisite determination
of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee is entitled to such indemnification, absent
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact or an omission of material fact necessary to make his or her statements not
materially misleading made in connection with the request for indemnification (which misstatement or omission is shown by the Corporation
to be of sufficient importance that it would likely alter the applicable determination) or (ii) a final judicial determination
that indemnification is expressly prohibited under applicable law. The thirty (30) day period may be extended for a reasonable
time, not to exceed fifteen (15) additional days, if the persons or entity making the determination requires the additional time
for obtaining or evaluating documents or information.  

Section 11.3.            The
termination of any Proceeding or any claim therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere
does not (except as expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of Indemnitee to indemnification
or create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any particular standard of conduct, did not act in good faith and in a manner
which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation or, with respect to any criminal
Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful.  

Section 11.4.            In
determining good faith, Indemnitee must be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation if Indemnitee s action is based on the records or books of account
of the Corporation, including financial statements, or on information, opinions, reports or statements supplied to Indemnitee by
the directors or officers of the Corporation or other enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel
for the Corporation or the enterprise or on information or records given or reports made by an independent certified public accountant
or by an appraiser or other expert.  

Section 11.5.            The
knowledge and actions or failures to act of any other director, officer, trustee, partner, member, fiduciary, agent or employee
of the Corporation or other enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for the purposes of determining his or her right to indemnification.  

ARTICLE
XII  
  Remedies of Indemnitee   

Section 12.1.            If
a determination is made that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, any judicial Proceeding or arbitration
begun pursuant to this Agreement must be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial or arbitration, on the merits, and Indemnitee
shall not be prejudiced by reason of the adverse determination. In such a Proceeding or arbitration, Indemnitee is presumed to
be entitled to indemnification and the Corporation has the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified. Moreover,
if at any time during the two (2) year period prior to the date of any written application for indemnification submitted by Indemnitee
in connection with a particular Proceeding or other matter there shall have occurred a Change of Control, the Corporation will
be deemed to have satisfied such burden only if it meets the standard of proof by clear and convincing evidence. The Corporation
may not refer to or introduce into evidence any determination made pursuant to  Section 11.1  of this Agreement adverse to
Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee begins a judicial Proceeding or arbitration seeking indemnification, Indemnitee is not
required to reimburse the Corporation for any advances pursuant to  Section 8.1  of this Agreement until a final determination
is made with respect to Indemnitee s right to indemnification, after all rights of appeal have been exhausted or lapsed.  

Section 12.2.            If
it has been determined that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Corporation is bound by that determination in any judicial
Proceeding or arbitration commenced by Indemnitee seeking to compel the indemnification, absent (i) a misstatement by Indemnitee
of a material fact or an omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee s statement not materially misleading connected
with the request for indemnification (which misstatement or omission is shown by the Corporation to be of sufficient importance
that it would likely alter the applicable determination) or (ii) a prohibition of the indemnification under applicable law. In
any Proceeding or arbitration commenced by Indemnitee seeking indemnification, the Corporation is precluded from asserting that
the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and must stipulate that the Corporation
is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement.  

ARTICLE
XIII  
  Contribution; Joint Liability   

Section 13.1.            To
the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the indemnification rights provided for in this Agreement are unavailable
to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any reason whatsoever (other than by reason of the language of any express exclusion contained
in this Agreement), the Corporation, instead of indemnifying and holding harmless Indemnitee, must contribute to the payment thereof,
in the first instance, by paying the entire amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties,
amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to
contribute to the payment, and the Corporation hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may have at any time
against Indemnitee. The Corporation shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in which the Corporation is jointly liable
with Indemnitee, or would be joined in the Proceeding, unless the settlement provides for a full and final release of all claims
asserted against Indemnitee. The Corporation hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee from any claims for
contribution which may be brought by officers, directors or employees of the Corporation other than Indemnitee who may be jointly
liable with Indemnitee.  

ARTICLE
XIV  
  Subrogation   

Section 14.1.            If
any payment is made under this Agreement, the Corporation is subrogated to the extent of such payment to all the rights of recovery
of Indemnitee, who must within a reasonable period of time after payment execute all papers required and take all action necessary
to secure those rights, including the execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Corporation to bring suit to enforce
those rights.  

ARTICLE
XV  
  Severability   

Section 15.1.            If
any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever:
(a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement (including, but not limited to, each
portion of any paragraph containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible,
the provisions of this Agreement (including, but not limited to, each such portion of any paragraph containing any such provision
held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision
held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.  

ARTICLE
XVI  
  Miscellaneous   

Section 16.1.             Non-Exclusivity
of Rights . The rights of Indemnitee under this Agreement are not exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any
time be entitled under the law, the Articles of Incorporation, the Bylaws or any agreement. The indemnification and advancement
of Expenses for Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent shall continue in full force and effect
and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of Indemnitee. The rights of Indemnitee under this Agreement
shall be contract rights. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement can limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under
this Agreement with respect to any action taken before the amendment, alteration or repeal. If a change in applicable law permits
greater indemnification than that which would be afforded under this Agreement, it is the intent of the Corporation that Indemnitee
shall enjoy by this  Section 16.1  the greater benefits so afforded. Except as provided in this  Section 16.1  with respect
to changes in applicable law which broaden the right of Indemnitee to be indemnified by the Corporation, no supplement, modification
or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by each of the parties hereto.  

Section 16.2.             Acknowledgment
of Certain Matters . Both the Corporation and Indemnitee acknowledge that in certain instances, applicable law or public policy
may prohibit indemnification of Indemnitee by the Corporation under this Agreement or otherwise. Indemnitee understands and acknowledges
that the Corporation has undertaken or may be required in the future to undertake, by the Securities and Exchange Commission, to
submit the question of indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of the Corporation s right
under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee.  

Section 16.3.             Waivers .
The observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) by the party entitled to enforce such term only by a writing signed by the party against which such waiver is
to be asserted. Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, no delay on the part of any party hereto in exercising any right, power
or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any party hereto of any right, power
or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver of any other right, power or privilege hereunder nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any right, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power
or privilege hereunder.  

Section 16.4.             Enforcemen t.
The Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement in order to induce the Indemnitee to continue
to serve as an officer or director of the Corporation, and acknowledges that the Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in continuing
in such capacity.  

Section 16.5.             Entire
Agreement . This Agreement and the documents referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
respect to the matters covered hereby, and any other prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings or agreements with
respect to the matters covered hereby are superseded by this Agreement.  

Section 16.6.             Certain
Rights . The right to be indemnified or to the advancement or reimbursement of Expenses (i) is intended to be retroactive and
shall be available as to events occurring prior to the date of this Agreement and (ii) shall continue after any rescission or restrictive
modification of such provisions as to events occurring prior thereto. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended
to confer any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement on any person other than the parties to this Agreement and
their respective heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns.  

Section 16.7.             Governing
Law; Venue . This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Michigan without
regard to any principles of conflict of laws that, if applied, might permit or require the application of the laws of a different
jurisdiction. The parties hereby agree that any dispute that may arise between them arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
shall be adjudicated before a court located in Ingham County, Michigan and they hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts of the State of Michigan located in Lansing, Michigan, and of the federal courts having jurisdiction in such district
with respect to any action or legal proceeding commenced by either party, and irrevocably waive any objection they now or hereafter
may have respecting the venue of any such action or proceeding brought in such a court or respecting the fact that such court is
an inconvenient forum, relating to or arising out of this Agreement.  

Section 16.8.             Headings .
The Article and Section headings in and referred to in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not be deemed
to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof.  

Section 16.9.             Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall
be deemed to be one and the same instrument.  

Section 16.10.            Use
of Certain Terms . As used in this Agreement, the words  herein,   hereof,  and  hereunder 
and other words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular paragraph, subparagraph, section,
subsection, or other subdivision. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding
masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa.  

[signatures appear on following page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been
duly executed and delivered to be effective as of the date first above written. 

XG SCIENCES, INC.   

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

INDEMNITEE   

Name:  

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 s104465_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

  PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Philip L. Rose, certify that: 

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or have caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):   

(a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.   

DATE: November 3, 2016 

By: /s/Philip L. Rose   

Name: Philip L. Rose 
         Titles: Chief Executive Officer, President, 
 Treasurer, Principal
        Executive Officer and  
Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 s104465_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER   

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report
of XG Sciences, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Philip L. Rose, Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

DATE: November 3, 2016 

By:/s/ Philip L. Rose   

Name: Philip L. Rose   

Titles: Chief Executive Officer, President, 
 Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer and  
Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 cik0001435375-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cik0001435375-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cik0001435375-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cik0001435375-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cik0001435375-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cik0001435375-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

