<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_783324_0000783324-16-000081_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4248970</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61755</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>181450</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1320476</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1586160</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>786110</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000783324-16-000081.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025193903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000783324-16-000081
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VISTA GOLD CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000783324
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			B0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-09025
		FILM NUMBER:		161951302

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7961 SHAFFER PKWY
		CITY:			LITTLETON
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80127
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-981-1185

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7961 SHAFFER PKWY
		CITY:			LITTLETON
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GRANGES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950602

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GRANGES EXPLORATION LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890619

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000783324-16-000081.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 c324-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

vgz_Current_Folio_10Q

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

For the transition period from              to 

Commission file number: 001-9025 

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

British Columbia  

98-0542444  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

Suite 5, 7961 Shaffer Parkway  

Littleton, Colorado  

80127  

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  

(Zip Code)  

(720) 981-1185 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, including Area Code) 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   No     

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.  See definition of  Accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large Accelerated Filer        Accelerated Filer        Non-Accelerated Filer       Smaller Reporting Company    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes       No       

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practical date: 97,786,608 common shares, without par value, outstanding as of October 24, 2016. 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP.    

(An Exploration Stage Enterprise)    

FORM 10-Q    

For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016  

INDEX         

Page  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION      

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

3 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

13 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    

20 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

20 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION      

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

20 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS    

21 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS    

21 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES    

21 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE    

21 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION    

21 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS    

22 

SIGNATURES      

2 

Table of Contents  

PART   I 

ITEM 1.  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT  S. 

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  S 

(Dollar amounts in U.S. dollars and in thousands, except shares) 

Approved by the Board of Directors 

Racy A. S  

/s/   Tracy A. Stevenson  
					 
						 Tracy A. Stevenson  
					 
						 Director  

/s/   John M. Clark  
					 
						 John M. Clark  
					 
						 Director  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME/(LOSS) AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)   

(Dollar amounts in U.S. dollars and in thousands, except share and per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

(Dollar amounts in U.S. dollars and in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP.  

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW  S 

(Dollar amounts in U.S. dollars and in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

(All dollar amounts in U.S dollars and in thousands, except per share and per option amounts unless otherwise noted) 

1.   Nature of Operations and Basis   of Presentation 

Vista Gold Corp. and its subsidiaries (collectively,  Vista,  the  Company,   we,   our,  or  us ) operate in the gold mining industry. We are focused on the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and advancement of gold exploration and potential development projects, which may lead to gold production or value adding strategic transactions such as earn-in right agreements, option agreements, leases to third parties, joint venture arrangements with other mining companies, or outright sales of assets for cash and/or other consideration.  We look for opportunities to improve the value of our gold projects through exploration drilling and/or technical studies focused on optimizing previous engineering work.  

Our principal asset is our flagship Mt Todd gold project ( Mt Todd ) in Northern Territory, Australia where we are concluding test work to optimize the process flowsheet, seeking approval of our final environmental authorization and commencing an update of our preliminary feasibility study.   We also hold 4.4% of the outstanding common shares in the capital of Midas Gold Corp. ( Midas Gold Shares ), non-core projects in Mexico and the United States, and royalty interests in Indonesia.   

The interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements ( interim statements ) of the Company are unaudited. In the opinion of management, all adjustments and disclosures necessary for a fair presentation of these interim statements have been included. The results reported in these interim statements are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be reported for the entire year. These interim statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed on February 26, 2016 on Form 10-K. The year-end balance sheet data was derived from the audited financial statements and, in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q, certain information and footnote disclosures required by United States generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted.   

References to C$ refer to Canadian currency, A$ to Australian currency and $ to United States currency. 

2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718):   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting (Accounting Standard Update 2016-09) 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance related to accounting for stock-based compensation which is intended to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments and which affects all organizations that issue share-based payment awards to their employees.  Several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including:   (a)   income tax consequences;   (b)   classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and   (c)   classification on the statement of cash flows.  For public companies, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any organization in any interim or annual period. We do not expect to early adopt this guidance   and do not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

3. Short-term and Other Investments 

Short-term investments 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the amortized cost basis of our short-term investments was $23,476 and $11,990, respectively. The amortized cost basis approximates fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   Short-term investments at September 30, 2016 are comprised of U.S. government treasury bills and/or notes, while short-term investments at December 31, 2015 were comprised of U.S. government and Australian treasury bills and/or notes, all of which   have maturity dates greater than 90 days but less than one year.   

7 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

(All dollar amounts in U.S dollars and in thousands, except per share and per option amounts unless otherwise noted) 

Other investments - Midas Gold Shares  

During March 2015, we sold 8,000,000 Midas Gold Shares, at a price of C$0.46 ($0.36) per Midas Gold Share, for net proceeds of $2,772. We currently own 7,802,615 Midas Gold Shares or approximately 4.4% of the Midas Gold Shares outstanding, on a non-dilutive basis.  

Upon initial recognition of our investment in the Midas Gold Shares, we elected to apply the fair value option, and as such, the investment is recorded at fair value in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Subsequent changes in fair value are recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income/(Loss) and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) in the period in which they occur.   

The following table summarizes our investment in Midas Gold Shares as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

4.   Mineral Properties 

Guadalupe de los Reyes Gold/Silver Project, Sinaloa, Mexico 

During April 2014, Minera Gold Stake S.A. de C.V., Vista s wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a definitive option agreement (the  Option Agreement ) to option a 70% interest in the Guadalupe de los Reyes gold/silver project in Sinaloa, Mexico to Great Panther Silver Limited (formerly Cangold Limited) ( Great Panther ) for consideration of $5,000 in payments over a three-year period. On February 25, 2016, Vista received notification from Great Panther that it was terminating the Option Agreement.  Pursuant to the terms of the Option Agreement, Vista retained the $996 already paid by Great Panther ($500 received in 2014 and $496 net of legal costs received in March 2015) and 100% of the Guadalupe de los Reyes gold/silver project.  

Los Cardones  

In October 2013, we sold our 100% debt and equity participation in the Los Cardones gold project located in Baja California Sur, Mexico ( Los Cardones Sale ) to Invecture Group, S.A. de C.V. ( Invecture ) and RPG Structured Finance S.a.r.l. (together, the  Purchasers ) for a total of $13,000 ($7,000 of which was paid in October 2013 and $6,000 of which was originally payable in January 2014 (the  Subsequent Payment ) subject to the Purchasers  option to elect to not make the Subsequent Payment.  In 2014, the due date for the Subsequent Payment was extended to January 30, 2015 for additional consideration of $500.  In October 2014, Invecture announced that the Los Cardones gold project had been suspended because the conditions for its development were not favorable at that time, which introduced substantial doubt that the Subsequent Payment would be made.  After making this announcement, there were no apparent significant favorable changes to incentivize Invecture to lift the suspension. In January 2015, we agreed to amend the payment terms (the  Amendment ) of the Los Cardones Sale. Under the Amendment, the Company received a payment of $2,994 net of legal costs from the Purchasers as the final payment for 100% of the Company s interest in the project.  This resulted in a realized gain of $1,958.  

8 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

(All dollar amounts in U.S dollars and in thousands, except per share and per option amounts unless otherwise noted) 

Utah Claims 

During the first quarter of 2016, we sold our unpatented mining claims located in Utah for $150 and a 2% net smelter return royalty ( NSR ) on any future production from said claims. This resulted in a realized gain of $150.   

5.   Plant and Equipment 

6.   Common Shares 

Public Offering, August 2016 

During August 2016, we closed a public offering of 12,362,500 units (the  Units ), which included 1,612,500 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option, for net proceeds of $15,883 (the  2016 Offering ).  Each Unit consisted of one common share in the capital of the Company ( Common Share ) and one-half of one Common Share purchase warrant (each full warrant, a  2016 Warrant ). A total of 6,514,625 2016 Warrants were issued, including 333,375 broker warrants issued to the underwriters. Each 2016 Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Common Share at a price of $1.92 per Common Share (subject to adjustment in certain circumstances) and is exercisable for a period of 36 months from the closing of the 2016 Offering. The 2016 Warrants, which are classified as equity, had a fair value of $3,320 at the time of the 2016 Offering. The fair value of warrants issued during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 1) expected volatility of 89%, 2) risk-free rate of 0.86%, 3) expected life of 3 years, and 4) stock price on the issue date of $1.13 per Common Share. 

Warrants 

Warrant activity is summarized in the following table: 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Under our Stock Option Plan (the  Plan ) and our Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the  LTIP ), we may grant options and/or restricted stock units ( RSUs ) or restricted stock awards to our directors, officers, employees and consultants.  The combined maximum number of Common Shares that may be reserved for issuance under the Plan and the LTIP is a variable number equal to 10% of the issued and outstanding Common Shares on a non-diluted basis.  Options and RSUs under the Plan and LTIP, respectively, are granted from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company ( Board ), with vesting periods and other terms as determined by the Board.  Stock-based   

9 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

(All dollar amounts in U.S dollars and in thousands, except per share and per option amounts unless otherwise noted) 

compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

As of September 30, 2016, stock options and RSUs had unrecognized compensation expense of $49 and $740, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.39 and 1.55 years, respectively.      

Stock Options 

A summary of options under the Plan as of September 30, 2016 is set forth in the following table: 

A summary of our unvested stock options as of September 30, 2016 is set forth in the following table:  

The fair value of stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: 

Expected volatility  

77.68

%      

Risk-free interest rate  

1.12

%      

Expected life (years)  

5

Dividend yield  

N/A  

Forfeiture assumption  

0

%      

10 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

(All dollar amounts in U.S dollars and in thousands, except per share and per option amounts unless otherwise noted) 

Restricted Stock Units 

The following table summarizes the RSUs outstanding under the LTIP as of September 30, 2016: 

A portion of the RSU awards vest on a fixed future date provided the recipient continues to be affiliated with Vista on that date.  Other RSU awards vest subject to certain performance and market criteria, including the accomplishment of certain corporate objectives and the Company s share price performance.  The minimum vesting period for RSUs is one year.    

7.   Commitments and Contingencies 

Our exploration and development activities are subject to various laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations are continually changing and are generally becoming more restrictive. As such, the future expenditures that may be required for compliance with these laws and regulations cannot be predicted. We conduct our operations to minimize effects on the environment and believe our operations are in compliance with applicable laws and regulations in all material respects.  

Under our agreement with the Jawoyn Association Aboriginal Corporation (the   JAAC ), we must offer the JAAC the opportunity to establish a joint venture with Vista holding a 90% participating interest and the JAAC holding a 10% participating interest in the Mt Todd mining licenses. In addition, the JAAC will be entitled to an annual cash payment, or payment in kind, equal to 1% of the value of the annual gold production from the current mining licenses, and a 1% NSR on other metals, subject to a minimum payment of A$50 per year. 

During November 2015, we entered into a two-year lease agreement to store our used mill equipment.  Monthly rent for the term of the lease is C$18 ($13). 

8.   Fair Value Accounting 

The following table sets forth the Company s assets measured at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy. As required by accounting guidance, assets are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.   

11 

Table of Contents  

VISTA GOLD CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

(All dollar amounts in U.S dollars and in thousands, except per share and per option amounts unless otherwise noted) 

Our marketable securities and investment in Midas Gold Shares are classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued at quoted market prices in an active market.  Marketable securities are included in other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for each period presented.  

The mill equipment is classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as its value at December 31, 2015 was based on a third party assessment of the projected sale value less costs to sell giving full consideration to current market conditions and an orderly sale process. As of September 30, 2016, the used mill equipment is not classified as held for sale for accounting purposes and there is no indication that the carrying value of the used mill equipment may not be recoverable, consequently no fair value assessment is required for the period ended September 30, 2016.  The mill equipment is included in plant and equipment on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for each period presented. 

There have been no transfers between levels in 2016, nor have there been any changes in valuation techniques.  

9.   Geographic and Segment Information 

The Company has one reportable operating segment, consisting of evaluation, acquisition, and exploration activities.  We evaluate, acquire, explore and advance gold exploration and potential development projects, which may lead to gold production or value adding strategic transactions.  These activities are focused principally in Australia and North America. We reported no revenues during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  Geographic location of mineral properties and plant and equipment is provided in Notes 4 and 5, respectively.  

10.   Research and Development Grant 

The Company received Research   Development ( R D ) Tax Incentive refunds, net of costs to prepare and file, paid under the Australian Government s R D Tax Incentive Program, a program designed to encourage industry to engage in R D activities that benefit Australia.  These refunds are related to costs we incurred during the 2014, 2013 and 2012 fiscal years for qualifying R D programs.   The R D tax incentive program is a self-assessment process, and as such, the Australian Government has the right to audit the qualifying programs and expenditures for a period of four years  .   

12 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the related notes thereto, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements and information as a result of many factors.  See section heading  Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  below. 

All dollar amounts stated herein are in U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share amounts and currency exchange rates unless specified otherwise. References to C$ refer to Canadian currency, A$ to Australian currency and $ to United States currency. 

Overview 

Vista Gold Corp. and its subsidiaries (collectively,  Vista,  the  Company,   we,   our,  or  us ) are engaged in the gold mining industry. We are focused on the evaluation, acquisition, exploration and advancement of gold exploration and potential development projects, which may lead to gold production or value adding strategic transactions such as earn-in right agreements, option agreements, leases to third parties, joint venture arrangements with other mining companies, or outright sales of assets for cash and/or other consideration.  We look for opportunities to improve the value of our gold projects through exploration drilling and/or technical studies focused on optimizing previous engineering work.  

Our principal asset is our flagship Mt Todd gold project ( Mt Todd ) in Northern Territory, Australia where we are concluding test work to optimize the process flowsheet, seeking approval of our final environmental authorization and commencing an update of our preliminary feasibility study  . We also hold 4.4% of the outstanding common shares in the capital of Midas Gold Corp. ( Midas Gold Shares ), non-core projects in Mexico and the United States, and royalty interests in Indonesia. 

Outlook 

With the completion of our equity financing in August 2016, we believe we are well funded.  We believe we have sufficient funding to: (a) continue to selectively optimize; and (b) add value to Mt Todd and to complete all of the critical milestones, including permitting, necessary to advance the Mt Todd project to the point of a development decision. A development decision at Mt Todd will depend on several factors, principally a sustainable acceptable gold price, favorable outlook for the AUD:USD exchange rate and completion of a positive feasibility study and availability of financing.    

In the interim we plan to continue the strict cost control programs that we introduced in 2013. We expect our fixed costs (those cash expenditures necessary to ensure that we preserve our property rights and meet all of our safety, regulatory and environmental responsibilities) to continue to average $1,400 to $1,600 per quarter for the foreseeable future. In addition, we expect to complete selected discretionary programs that are expected to add value to the Mt Todd gold project.        

The continuing long-term viability of the Company is dependent upon our ability to secure additional financing and ultimately to generate future profits from operations. In the longer term, w  e expect to fund programs through a variety of means, including the sale of non-core assets, the issuance of equity, project debt and possibly other sources.   The underlying value and recoverability of the amounts shown as mineral properties and plant and equipment in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are dependent on our ability to fund development that could lead to profitable production, or to generate sufficient proceeds from the disposition of these assets.  

13 

Table of Contents  

Results from Operations 

Summary 

As a result of our strict cost management policies, together with the realization of Research and Development ( R D ) grants and funds raised through our recent equity financing, the Company continues to believe that it is well funded and able to execute selected strategic discretionary programs. 

Consolidated net income/(loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $(2,083) and $536 or $(0.02) and $0.01 per share, respectively.  Consolidated net income/(loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $(1,160) and $3,178 or $(0.01) and $0.04 per share, respectively.  The principal components of these year-over-year changes are discussed below. 

Exploration, property evaluation and holding costs 

Exploration, property evaluation and holding costs were $1,168 and $1,306 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $2,979 and $3,265 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These costs are predominantly associated with Mt Todd. Fixed costs in 2016 (those cash expenditures necessary to ensure that we preserve our property rights and meet all of our safety, regulatory and environmental responsibilities) and on an Australian dollar basis, are substantially unchanged from 2015. Minor 2016 cost reductions were driven by the weaker Australian dollar.  

Corporate administration  

Corporate administration costs were $581 and $832 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $2,319 and $2,674 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Corporate fixed cash costs were substantially unchanged year over year.  Cost reductions in 2016 were primarily driven by a decrease in non-cash stock-based compensation.  

Non-operating income and expenses     

Gain/(loss) on other investments 

Gain/(loss) on other investments was $(234) and $(624) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $3,586 and $(1,674) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  These amounts are the result of changes in fair value of our Midas Gold Shares.  The 2015 loss includes a realized loss of $348 on the sale of 8,000,000 Midas Gold Shares.   

Research and development grant 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company received $744 and $10,220, respectively, net of costs to prepare and file, from the Australian Government related to R D activities at Mt Todd.  These refunds are related to costs we incurred during the 2014, 2013 and 2012 fiscal years for qualifying R D programs. Future grants, if any, are expected to be significantly lower than those received in 2016 and 2015.  

Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Operating activities 

Net cash provided by/(used) in operating activities was $(4,124) and $4,741 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Cash used in 2016 is net of grants totaling $744 from the Government of Australia related to R D expenditures we incurred in 2014.  Cash provided in 2015 includes grants totaling $10,220 from the Government of Australia related to R D expenditures we incurred in 2013 and 2012. Other factors that contributed to the year-over-year change are those discussed in  Results from Operations  above.  

14 

Table of Contents  

Investing activities 

Net cash of $11,371 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily utilized for the net purchase of short-term investments. 

Net cash of $5,587, after the purchase of short-term investments of $11,880, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was provided from proceeds received from the   sale of the   Los Cardones   gold project   of $2,994 net of legal costs, the   Option Agreement   (as defined under the heading Guadalupe de Los Reyes Gold/Silver Project, Sinaloa, Mexico of $496, and the sale of 8,000,000 Midas Gold Shares for net proceeds of $2,772.   

Financing activities 

Net cash of $15,898 was primarily provided by the 2016 Offering, defined below. There were no financing transactions during 2015. 

Liquidity and capital resources 

Cash flows generated during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included net proceeds of $15,883 from the 2016 Offering and the receipt of grants totaling $744, net of costs to prepare and file, from the Government of Australia related to the R D Tax Incentive for qualifying R D expenditures we incurred in 2014.  Our cash and short-term investments as of September 30, 2016 increased to $24,781 from $12,892 as at December 31, 2015; and our net working capital increased to $30,076 as at September 30, 2016 from $14,399 as at December 31, 2015 due to the transactions described.  

During August 2016, we closed a public offering of 12,362,500 units (the  Units ), which included 1,612,500 Units issued pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option, for net proceeds of $15,898 (the  2016 Offering ).  Each Unit consisted of one common share in the capital of the Company ( Common Share ) and one-half of one Common Share purchase warrant (each full warrant, a  2016 Warrant ).  Each 2016 Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Common Share at a price of $1.92 per Common Share (subject to adjustment in certain circumstances) and is exercisable for a period of 36 months from the closing of the 2016 Offering.     

For additional discussion on our liquidity and outlook see the discussion under  Outlook  above. 

Fair Value Accounting 

The following table sets forth the Company s assets measured at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy. As required by accounting guidance, assets are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.   

Our marketable securities and investment in Midas Gold Shares are classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued at quoted market prices in an active market.  Marketable securities are included in other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for each period presented.  

15 

Table of Contents  

The mill equipment is classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as its value at December 31, 2015 was based on a third party assessment of the projected sale value less costs to sell giving full consideration to current market conditions and an orderly sale process. As of September 30, 2016, the used mill equipment is not classified as held for sale for accounting purposes and there is no indication that the carrying value of the used mill equipment may not be recoverable, consequently no fair value assessment is required for the period ended September 30, 2016.  The mill equipment is included in plant and equipment on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for each period presented. 

There have been no transfers between levels in 2016, nor have there been any changes in valuation techniques. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contractual Obligations 

During November 2015, we entered into a two-year lease agreement to store our used mill equipment.  Monthly rent for the term of the lease is C$18 ($13). 

Project Updates 

Mt Todd Gold Project, Northern Territory, Australia 

During 2016, we have continued to focus on evaluation and advancement of Mt Todd.  A team of technical experts has completed a review of the key areas of the project, concentrating on metallurgical recovery, process engineering and plant design, pit slope rock mechanics, mine plans and scheduling, and a gas-fired power plant, and we are following up on certain recommendations that may lead to improved project economics. In particular, we are studying two key optimization opportunities: (1) the potential for improvements to the ore processing flow sheet which could improve capital and/or operating costs and could improve process recoveries; and, (2) the potential to outsource power generation, which could result in significantly lower capital costs, but increased operating costs. We expect to have these studies substantially completed by the end of the year.     

Following completion of these studies we plan to update the Mt Todd preliminary feasibility study that was originally completed in 2013.  The planned update will reflect the results of optimization studies if material, the current gold price and AUD:FEX exchange rate, and other factors, such as current equipment pricing, labor rates and energy costs.    

In the fourth quarter of 2015, we submitted a request for authorization under the Australian Environmental Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act of 1999 ( EPBC ), as it relates to the Gouldian Finch. The Australian Commonwealth Department of Environment subsequently requested additional information from us as part of their review. We have responded to these initial requests and have recently been advised that further information is required on potential dust impacts on the Gouldian Finch.  We are in active dialog to resolve this request  .   

Guadalupe de los Reyes Gold/Silver Project, Sinaloa, Mexico 

During April 2014, Minera Gold Stake S.A. de C.V., Vista s wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a definitive option agreement (the  Option Agreement ) to option a 70% interest in the Guadalupe de los Reyes gold/silver project in Sinaloa, Mexico to Great Panther Silver Limited (formerly Cangold Limited) ( Great Panther ) for consideration of $5,000 in payments over a three-year period. On February 25, 2016, Vista received notification from Great Panther that it was terminating the Option Agreement.  Pursuant to the terms of the Option Agreement, Vista retained the $996 already paid by Great Panther ($500 received in 2014 and $496 net of legal costs was received in March 2015) and 100% of the Guadalupe de los Reyes gold/silver project. 

We do not consider the Guadalupe de los Reyes gold/silver project a material project. We intend to seek partners to advance the project. 

16 

Table of Contents  

Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations    

Vista has been a  passive foreign investment company  ( PFIC ) as defined under Section 1297 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, in recent years and expects to continue to be a PFIC in the future. Current and prospective United States shareholders should consult their tax advisors as to the tax consequences of PFIC classification and the U.S. federal tax treatment of PFICs. Additional information on this matter is included in Vista s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, under  Part II. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   Certain United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.  

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the   Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995   and forward-looking information under Canadian securities laws that are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created by such legislation. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our other filings with the SEC and Canadian securities commissions and in press releases and public statements by our officers or representatives that address activities, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements and forward-looking information, including, but not limited to, such things as those listed below: 

our belief that the Company is well funded and that we have sufficient funding to: (a) add value to Mt Todd; and (b) to complete critical milestones;     

the Company s ability to sustain its fixed costs at $1,400 to $1,600 per quarter for the foreseeable future;     

the potential monetization of our non-core assets, including our mill equipment;     

our plan to not introduce immediate changes to the business plan or forecasted spending;     

our expectation that future R D grants from the Government of Australia, if any, will be significantly less than those received in 2015 and 2016;     

the nature and magnitude of future discretionary programs, if any, and the availability of funding for such programs;     

our ability to quickly advance Mt Todd to development when economic conditions warrant;     

estimates of future operating and financial performance;     

potential funding requirements and sources of capital, including near-term sources of additional cash;     

our expectation that the Company will continue to incur losses and will not pay dividends for the foreseeable future;     

our intention to continue cost management efforts;     

our potential ability to generate proceeds from operations or the disposition of our assets;     

the timing, performance and results of feasibility studies;      

plans and anticipated effects of holding 4.4% of the outstanding Midas Gold Shares;       

our potential entry into agreements to find, lease, purchase, option or sell mineral interests;     

plans to focus our efforts on Mt Todd;     

plans and timing for completion, to study key optimization opportunities at Mt Todd;     

plans to update the Mt Todd preliminary feasibility study that was originally completed in 2013;     

17 

Table of Contents  

our expectation that we will be able to satisfy the requests for additional information with respect to the EPBC authorization request;     

plans for evaluation and advancement of Mt Todd;     

our expectation that technical and exploration programs at Mt Todd will increase the value of Mt Todd;     

our ability to complete the Mt Todd feasibility study within six months of commencement;     

the feasibility of Mt Todd;     

our expectation of Mt Todd s impact, including environmental and economic impacts;      

plans and estimates concerning potential project exploration and development, and obtaining required permits;      

our belief that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable mining, health, safety and environmental statutes and regulations in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate;     

our belief that we maintain reasonable amounts of insurance;      

estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources;      

our intention to seek partners to advance the Guadalupe de los Reyes project;     

potential changes in regulations or taxation initiatives; and     

our expectation that we will continue to be a PFIC.     

Forward-looking statements and forward-looking information have been based upon our current business and operating plans, as approved by the Company s Board of Directors; our cash and other funding requirements and timing and sources thereof; results of pre-feasibility and feasibility studies, mineral resource and reserve estimates, preliminary economic assessments and exploration activities; advancements of the Company s required permitting processes; our experience working with our regulators; current market conditions and project development plans. The words  estimate,   plan,   anticipate,   expect,   intend,   believe,   will,   may  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements and forward-looking information. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and forward-looking information. These factors include risks such as:  

our ability to raise additional capital or raise funds from the sale of non-core assets on favorable terms, if at all;     

pre-feasibility and feasibility study results and preliminary assessment results and the accuracy of estimates and assumptions on which they are based;      

resource and reserve estimate results, the accuracy of such estimates and the accuracy of sampling and subsequent  assays and geologic interpretations on which they are based;      

technical and operational feasibility and the economic viability of deposits;      

our ability to obtain, renew or maintain the necessary authorizations, agreements and permits for Mt Todd, including its development plans and operating activities;      

the timing and results of a feasibility study on Mt Todd;      

delays in commencement of construction at Mt Todd;      

our ability to secure all of the permits for Mt Todd;      

increased costs that affect our operations or our financial condition;      

our reliance on third parties to fulfill their obligations under agreements with us;      

whether projects not managed by us will comply with our standards or meet our objectives;      

18 

Table of Contents  

a shortage of skilled labor, equipment and supplies;      

whether our acquisition, exploration and development activities, as well as the realization of the market value of our assets, will be commercially successful and whether any transactions we enter into will maximize the realization of the market value of our assets;      

trading price of our securities and our ability to raise funds in new share offerings due to future sales of common shares in the public or private market;      

the lack of cash dividend payments by us;      

the success of future joint ventures, partnerships and other arrangements relating to our properties;      

industry consolidation which could result in the acquisition of a control position in the Company for less than fair value;     

the market price of the securities held by us;      

our ability to timely monetize our Midas Gold Shares;     

perception of potential environmental impact of Mt Todd;     

reclamation liabilities, including reclamation requirements at Mt Todd;      

our history of losses from operations;      

future water supply issues at Mt Todd;      

litigation or other legal claims;     

environmental lawsuits;      

lack of adequate insurance to cover potential liabilities;      

our ability to attract, retain and hire key personnel;     

fluctuations in the price of gold;     

volatility in our stock price;     

inherent hazards of mining exploration, development and operating activities;      

the accuracy of calculations of mineral reserves, mineral resources and mineralized material fluctuations therein based on metal prices, and inherent vulnerability of the ore and recoverability of metal in the mining process;     

changes in environmental regulations to which our exploration and development operations are subject;     

changes in climate change regulations could result in increased operating costs;     

intense competition in the mining industry;     

potential challenges to the title to our mineral properties;     

political and economic instability in Mexico;     

tax initiatives on domestic and international levels;     

fluctuation in foreign currency values;      

our R D grants may be subject to review; and      

our likely status as a PFIC for U.S. federal tax purposes.     

For a more detailed discussion of such risks and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements and forward-looking information, please see the risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, under  Part I-Item 1A. Risk   

19 

Table of Contents  

Factors . Although we have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and forward-looking information, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that these statements will prove to be accurate as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in the statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements and forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE   DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are engaged in the acquisition of gold projects and related activities, including exploration, engineering, permitting and the preparation of feasibility studies. The value of our properties, as well as our marketable securities and our investment in Midas Gold Shares, are related to the price of gold, and changes in the price of gold could affect the value of, and/or our ability to generate revenue from, our mineral projects and other assets. 

Gold prices may fluctuate widely from time to time and are affected by numerous factors, including: expectations with respect to the rate of inflation, currency exchange rates, interest rates, global and regional political and economic circumstances and governmental policies, including those with respect to gold holdings by central banks. The demand for and supply of gold affect gold prices, but not necessarily in the same manner as demand and supply affect the prices of other commodities. The supply of gold consists of a combination of new mine production and existing stocks of bullion and fabricated gold held by governments, public and private financial institutions, industrial organizations and private individuals. The demand for gold primarily consists of jewelry and investments. Additionally, hedging activities by producers, consumers, financial institutions and individuals can affect gold supply and demand. The market value for gold cannot be predicted with any accuracy for future time periods. 

Because we have exploration operations in Australia, we are subject to foreign currency fluctuations. We are not currently engaged in currency hedging to offset any risk of currency fluctuations. 

ITEM 4.  CONTR  OLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

At the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, an evaluation was carried out under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, the CEO and the CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that: (i) information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II       

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDING  S  . 

We are not aware of any material pending or threatened litigation or of any proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities that are, or would be, likely to have a material adverse effect upon us or our operations, taken as a whole.  

20 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  .   

Other than the risk factor discussed below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC and Canadian securities regulatory authorities on February 26, 2016.  

Our R D grants are subject to governmental review and there is no guarantee that the Australian government will continue to approve such R D grants. 

The R D tax incentive program is a self-assessment process, and as such, the Australian Government has the right to review the qualifying programs and expenditures for a period of four years and there is no assurance that we will continue to receive R D grants from such tax incentive program.    

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 

None.  

ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIE  S. 

None. 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSUR  E. 

We consider health, safety and environmental stewardship to be a core value for the Company. 

Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the United States   Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of   2011 (the  Dodd-Frank Act ), issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and citations, related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities under the regulation of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ) under the   United States Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977   (the  Mine Act ). During the six months ended June 30, 2016, our U.S exploration properties were not subject to regulation by the MSHA under the Mine Act and consequently no disclosure is required under Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATIO  N. 

None. 

21 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  EXHIBIT  S. 

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this report:  

* - Filed herewith 

(1) 

Submitted Electronically Herewith. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income/(Loss) and Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.     

22 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the   Securities Exchange Act of 1934  , the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VISTA GOLD CORP.  
					 
						 (Registrant)  

Dated: October 25, 2016  

By:  

/s/   Frederick H. Earnest  

Frederick H. Earnest,  

Chief Executive Officer  

Dated: October 25, 2016  

By:  

/s/   John F. Engele  

John F. Engele  

Chief Financial Officer  

23 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 c324-20160930ex3118816eb.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION    

I,   Frederick H. Earnest  , certify that:  

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Vista Gold Corp.;  

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 25, 2016  

/s/   Frederick H. Earnest  

Frederick H. Earnest,  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 c324-20160930ex31231c661.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2    

CERTIFICATION    

I,   John F. Engele  , certify that:  

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Vista Gold Corp.;  

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: October 25, 2016  

/s/   John F. Engele  

John F. Engele  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 c324-20160930ex321ccb5a9.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

Exhibit 32.1    

STATEMENT PURSUANT TO    

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Vista Gold Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: October 25, 2016  

/s/   Frederick H. Earnest  

Frederick H. Earnest,  

Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 c324-20160930ex3222aa689.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

Exhibit 32.2    

STATEMENT PURSUANT TO    

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002    

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Vista Gold Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), the undersigned officer of the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: October 25, 2016  

/s/   John F. Engele  

John F. Engele  

Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 c324-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 c324-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 c324-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 c324-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 c324-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 c324-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

