<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1635650_0001635650-16-000119_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5638649</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98002</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>247342</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1786510</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2075032</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1065622</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001635650-16-000119.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103165837
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001635650-16-000119
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Green Plains Partners LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001635650
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37469
		FILM NUMBER:		161972499

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 REGENCY PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68114
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(402) 884-8700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		450 REGENCY PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001635650-16-000119.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 gpp-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

20160930 10Q Q3

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

_______________________ 

FORM 10-Q 

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016 

Commission File Number 001-37469 

Green Plains PARTNERS LP       

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes           No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes           No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting   company  . See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting   company    in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large     accelerated     filer              Accelerated     filer              Non     accelerated     filer             Smaller     reporting   company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell   company   (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   

Yes           No 

The registrant ha  d   15,  910,658   com  mon units and   15,889,642   subordinated units outstanding   as of   October 31  , 2016  . 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF     CONTENTS 

Page  

PART I     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Commonly Used Defined Terms   

3    

Item 1.  

Financial Statements   

4  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   

4  

Consolidated Statements of Operations   

5  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   

6  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

7  

Item 2.   

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

21  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

27  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures   

27  

PART   II     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings   

29  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors   

29  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

29  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

29  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures   

29  

Item 5.  

Other Information   

29  

Item 6.   

Exhibits    

30  

Signatures.   

31  

2   

Table of Contents  

C    ommonly Used Defined Terms 

The abbreviations, acronyms and industry terminology used in this   quarterly   report are defined as follows: 

Green Plains Partners LP and Subsidiaries: 

z  

Birmingham   BioEnergy  

Birmingham BioEnergy Partners LLC, a subsidiary of BlendStar LLC  

BlendStar  

BlendStar LLC and its subsidiaries, the partnership s predecessor for accounting purposes  

Green Plains Ethanol Storage  

Green Plains Ethanol Storage LLC  

Green Plains Operating Company  

Green Plains Operating Company LLC  

Green Plains Partners  ; the partnership  

Green Plains Partners LP and its subsidiaries  

Green Plains Trucking II  

Green Plains Trucking II LLC  

MLP predecessor  

BlendStar LLC and its subsidiaries, and the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the ethanol storage and leased railcar assets contributed by Green Plains  

Green Plains Inc. and Subsidiaries: 

Green Plains; our parent or sponsor  

Green Plains Inc. and its subsidiaries  

Green Plains Holdings  

Green Plains Holdings LLC; our general partner  

Green Plains Obion  

Green Plains Obion LLC  

Green Plains Trade  

Green Plains Trade Group LLC  

Green Plains Trucking  

Green Plains Trucking LLC  

Other   Defined Terms: 

mmgy  

2015 annual report  

The partnership s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015  , filed February 18, 2016  

ARO  

Asset retirement obligation  

ASC  

Accounting Standards Codification  

Bgy  

Billion gallons per year  

E15  

Gasoline blended with up to 15% ethanol by volume  

EBITDA  

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization  

EIA  

U.S. Energy Information Administration  

EPA  

U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  

Exchange Act  

Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended  

GAAP  

U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles  

IPO  

Initial public offering of Green Plains Partners LP  

LIBOR  

London Interbank Offered Rate  

LTIP  

Green Plains Partners LP 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan  

Mmg  

Million gallons  

Nasdaq  

The Nasdaq Global Market  

NMTC  

New markets tax credits  

Partnership agreement  

First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Green Plains Partners LP, dated as of July 1, 2015, between Green Plains Holdings LLC and Green Plains Inc.  

PCAOB  

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board  

Recast Form 8-K  

The partnership s Form 8-K filed May 12, 2016, which recast Items 1, 6, 7, and 15 of the 2015 annual report to give retroactive effect to the acquisition of the ethanol storage and leased railcar assets of the Hereford, Texas and Hopewell, Virginia production facilities in a transfer between entities under common control  

RBOB  

Reformulated blendstock for oxygenate blending  

SEC  

Securities and Exchange Commission  

U.S.  

United States  

USDA  

U.S. Department of Agriculture  

WASDE  

World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates  

3   

Table of Contents  

GRE    EN PLAINS PARTNERS LP 

CONSOLID    ATED     BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands  , except unit amounts) 

*R  ecast   to include the historical balances o  f assets acquired in a transfer   between entities under common control.   See Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 

See   accompanying   notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

4   

Table of Contents  

GREEN PLAINS PARTNERS LP  

CONSOLIDATE    D STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(  unaudited and   in thousands  , except per unit amounts) 

See   accompanying   notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

5   

Table of Contents  

GREEN PLAINS PARTNERS LP 

CONSOLIDA    TED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(  unaudited and   in thousands) 

See   accompanying   notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

6   

Table of Contents  

GREEN PLAINS PARTNERS LP 

NOTE    S TO CONSOLIDATED     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(unaudited) 

1.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION, DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

References to the Partnership and MLP Predecessor 

References to  the partnership  in the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements refer to Green Plains Partners LP and its subsidiaries. References to the  MLP predecessor  refer to BlendStar LLC and its subsidiaries, the partnership s predecessor for accounting purposes, and the assets, liabilities and results of operations of certain ethanol storage and railcar assets contributed by Green Plains Inc. in connection with the IPO on July 1, 2015. References to  the sponsor  in transactions subsequent to the IPO refer to Green Plains. 

On July 1, 2015, Green Plains Partners closed its IPO of common units representing limited partner interests of the partnership. Green Plains Holdings LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Green Plains Inc., serves as the general partner of the partnership. References to (i)  the general partner  and  Green Plains Holdings  refer to Green Plains Holdings LLC  (ii)  the parent,   the sponsor  and  Green Plains  refer to Green Plains Inc.  and (iii)  Green Plains Trade  refers to Green Plains Trade Group LLC, a   wholly owned subsidiary of Green Plains. 

Consolidated   Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the partnership and its controlled subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated on a consolidated basis for reporting purposes. Results for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of   the expected   results for the entire year. 

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information and instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Because they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP, the consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the partnership s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, or the 2015 annual report, and the recast Form 8-K filed   on   May 12, 2016, which retroactively adjusted Items 1, 6, 7, and 15 of our 2015 annual report to give retroactive effect to the acquisition of the ethanol storage and leased railcar assets of the Hereford, Texas and Hopewell, Virginia production facilities.  

In accordance with GAAP, w  hen transferring assets between entities under common control, the entity receiving the net assets initially recognizes the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities at the date of transfer and the prior period financial statements of the transferee are recast for all periods the transferred operations were part of the parent s consolidated financial statement  s  . On July 1, 2015, in addition to the interests of BlendStar, the partnership received the ethanol storage and railcar assets in a transfer between entities under common control. The transferred assets and liabilities are recognized at our parent s historical cost and reflected retroactively in the consolidated financial statements presented in this report. Expenses related to the ethanol storage and railcar assets, such as depreciation, amortization and railcar lease expenses, are also reflected retroactively in the consolidated financial statements. There   were   no revenues related to the operation of the contributed ethanol storage and railcar assets for periods prior to July 1, 2015, when the related commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade became effective. 

Effective January 1, 2016, the partnership acquired the ethanol storage and leased railcar assets of the Hereford, Texas and Hopewell, Virginia production facilities from its sponsor in a transfer between entities under common control. The assets were recognized at historical cost and reflected retroactively along with related expenses for periods prior to the effective date of the acquisition, subsequent to the initial dates the assets were acquired by the sponsor, or October 23, 2015, and November 12, 2015, for Hopewell and Hereford, respectively. There were no revenues related to these assets for periods before January 1, 2016, when amendments to the commercial agreements related to the dropdown became effective. 

On September 23, 2016, Green Plains acquired three ethanol plants locat  ed in Madison, Illi  nois; Mount Vernon, Indian  a   an  d York  , Nebraska   from subsidiaries of   Abengoa   S.A  . Concurrently with Green Plains  acquisition of the Abengoa   ethanol   plants, the partnership acquired the related stora  ge assets fo  r    $90   million  , accounted for as   a transfer between entities unde  r common control  ,   and entered in  to   amendments   to the related commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade  . Because the assets were acquired concurrently with Green Plains  acquisition of the three ethanol plants from a third party, the assets were  

7   

Table of Contents  

recognized at the preliminary value recorded in Green Plains  purchase accounting and no retroactive adjustments were required.   See   Note 3   Acquisitions   to the consolidated financial statements for the   impact to   partners  capital. 

The unaudited financial information reflects all   adjustments, which   are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations, financial position and cash flows for the periods presented. The adjustments are normal and recurring in nature, unless otherwise noted. 

Reclassifications 

Certain prior year amounts were reclassified to conform to a revised current year presentation. These reclassifications did not affect total revenues, operating expenses, net income or partners  capital. 

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements 

Preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The partnership bases its estimates on historical experience and assumptions it believes are proper and reasonable under the circumstances. The partnership regularly evaluates the appropriateness of these estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Key accounting policies, including, but not limited to, those related to depreciation of property and equipment, asset retirement obligations, and impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. 

Description of Business 

The partnership provides fuel storage and transportation services by owning, operating, developing and acquiring ethanol and fuel storage tanks, terminals, transportation assets and other related assets and businesses. The partnership is its parent s primary downstream logistics provider, supporting its parent s approximately   1.  5   bgy ethanol marketing and distribution business. The partnership s assets are the principal method of storing and delivering the ethanol the parent produces. The ethanol produced by the parent is fuel and industrial grade, made principally from starch extracted from corn, and is primarily used for blending with gasoline. Ethanol currently comprises approximately 10% of the U.S. gasoline market and is an economical source of octane and oxygenate  s   for blending into the fuel supply. The partnership does not take ownership of, or receive any payments based on the value of the ethanol or other fuels it handles; as a result, the partnership does not have any direct exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices. 

Revenue Recognition 

The partnership recognizes revenues when all of the following criteria are satisfied: persuasive evidence an arrangement exists; services have been rendered; the price is fixed and determinable; and collectability is reasonably assured.  

The partnership derives revenues when product is delivered to the customer   from   its   ethanol storage tanks and fuel terminals, and transportation services are performed. The partnership generates a substantial portion of its revenues under fee-based commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade.  

The partnership s storage and throughput agreement and certain terminal services agreements with Green Plains Trade are supported by minimum volume commitments. The partnership s rail transportation services agreement is supported by minimum take-or-pay capacity commitments. Green Plains Trade is required to pay the partnership fees for these minimum commitments regardless of the actual volume, throughput or capacity used for   storage or   transport. Payment related to volume that was not actually throughput by Green Plains Trade is applied as a credit toward volume in excess of the minimum volume commitment during any of the next four quarters, after which time unused credits expire. The partnership records a liability for deferred revenue in the amount of the credit that may be used in future periods and for   charges to   customer  s   before the product is delivered. The partnership recognizes revenue and relieves the liability when   credits are utilized or expire and when risk of loss is transferred with product delivery to the customer  . As a result, a portion of the partnership s revenues may be associated with cash collected during an earlier period that   did   not generate cash during the current period. 

8   

Table of Contents  

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

In the normal course of business, the partnership is exposed to credit risk resulting from the possibility a loss may occur due to failure of another party to perform according to the terms of   their     contract. The partnership provides fuel storage and transportation services for various parties with a significant portion of its revenues earned from Green Plains Trade. The partnership continually monitors its credit risk exposure and concentrations. 

Segment Reporting 

The partnership accounts for segment reporting in accordance with ASC 280,   Segment Reporting  , which establishes standards for entities reporting information about the operating segments and geographic areas in which they operate. Management evaluated how its chief operating decision maker has organized the partnership for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing performance, and concluded it has   one   reportable segment. 

Asset Retirement Obligations 

The partnership records an ARO for the fair value of the estimated costs to retire a tangible long-lived asset in the period it will be incurred if it can be reasonably estimated, which is subsequently adjusted for accretion expense. The corresponding asset retirement costs are capitalized as a long-lived asset and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the asset s remaining useful life. The expected present value technique used to calculate the fair value of   the   AROs includes assumptions about costs, settlement dates, interest, accretion and inflation. Changes in assumptions, including the amount or timing of estimated cash flows, could result in increases or decreases to the AROs. The partnership s AROs are based on legal obligations to perform remedial activity when certain machinery and equipment are disposed and operating leases expire. 

Income Taxes 

The partn  ership is a limited partnership, which   is not subject to federal income taxes. The partnership owns a subsidiary  , however,   that is taxed as a corporation for federal and state income tax purposes. In addition, the partnership is subject to state income taxes in certain states. As a result, the financial statements reflect a provision or benefit for such income taxes. The general partner and the unitholders are responsible for paying federal and state income taxes on their share of the partnership s taxable income. 

The partnership recognizes uncertainties in income taxes within the financial statements under a process by which the likelihood of a tax position is gauged based upon the technical merits of the position  .     T  hen  ,   a subsequent measurement   uses   the maximum benefit and degree of likelihood to determine the amount of benefit recognized in the financial statements  . 

The MLP predecessor was a single member limited liability company, treated as a non-taxable disregarded entity in Green Plains  federal and state income tax returns. For periods prior to the IPO, the consolidated financial statements reflect income taxes as if the MLP predecessor had filed separate federal and state tax returns. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements    

Effective January 1, 2016, the partnership adopted the amended guidance in ASC 835-30,   Interest - Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , which requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability   to   be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The amended guidance has been applied on a retrospective basis and the balance sheet of each individual period presented has been adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of the new guidance.  

Effective January 1, 2016, the partnership adopted the amended guidance in ASC 260,   Effects on Historical Earnings per Unit of Master Limited Partnership Dropdown Transactions  , which specifies how to calculate historical earnings or losses per unit under the two-class method of a transferred business before the date of a dropdown transaction that should be allocated entirely to the sponsor.  

Effective January 1, 2018, the partnership will adopt the amended guidance in ASC 606,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which requires revenue recognition to reflect the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The updated standard permits either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. Early application beginning January 1, 2017, is permitted. The partnership does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

9   

Table of Contents  

Effective January 1, 2019, the partnership will adopt the amended guidance in ASC 842,   Leases  , which aims to make leasing activities more transparent and comparable and requires substantially all leases to be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. Early application is permitted. The partnership is currently evaluating the impact adoption of the amended guidance will have on the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

2  .       INITIAL PUBLIC   OFFERING 

On June 26, 2015, the common units of the partnership began trading under the symbol  GPP  on Nasdaq. On July 1, 2015, the partnership closed the IPO of   11,500,000   common units to the public at a price of   $15.00   per common unit.  

In connection with the IPO, the partnership issued (i)   4,389,642   common units and   15,889,642   subordinated units to Green Plains and its affiliates, representing a   62.5%   limited partner interest in the partnership; (ii) a   2.0%   general partner interest in the partnership and all of its incentive distribution rights to the general partner; and (iii) 11,500,000 common units to the public, representing a   35.5%   limited partner interest in the partnership. Green Plains contributed the interests of BlendStar, its ethanol storage facilities and transportation assets, including its leased railcar fleet, to the partnership, and, through its wholly owned subsidiary, controls all of the business and affairs of the partnership. 

The partnership received net proceeds   of   $157.5   million from the sale of 11,500,000 common units, after deducting underwriting discounts of   $10.3   million, structuring fees of   $0.9   million and other IPO expenses of approximately   $3.8   million. The partnership used the net proceeds to make a cash distribution of   $155.3   million to Green Plains, in part, as reimbursement for capital expenditures incurred and to pay   $0.9   million in origination fees under its new revolving credit facility. The remaining   $1.3   million was retained for general partnership   purposes.  

The following descriptions relate to agreements entered into in connection with the IPO on July 1, 2015. For additional information and the agreements in their entirety, please refer to the     2015   annual report  ,   and   Note 11   Related Party Transaction  s   to the consolidated financial statements in this report  . 

Omnibus Agreement 

In connection with the IPO, the partnership entered into an omnibus agreement with Green Plains and its affiliates which addresses: 

the partnership s obligation to reimburse Green Plains for direct or allocated costs and expenses incurred by Green Plains for general and administrative services (in addition to expenses incurred by the general partner and its affiliates that are reimbursed under the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Green Plains Partners LP, or the partnership agreement);     

the prohibition of Green Plains and its subsidiaries from owning, operating or investing in any business that owns or operates fuel terminals or fuel transportation assets in the United States, subject to exceptions;     

the partnership s right of first offer to acquire assets if Green Plains decides to sell them for up to   five   years from the consummation of the IPO;     

a nontransferable, nonexclusive, royalty-free license to use the Green Plains trademark and name;     

the allocation of taxes among the parent, partnership and its affiliates and the parent s preparation and filing of tax returns; and     

an indemnity by Green Plains for environmental and other liabilities, the partnership s obligation to indemnify Green Plains and its subsidiaries for events and conditions associated with the operation of partnership assets that occur after the closing of the IPO, and for environmental liabilities related to partnership assets to the extent Green Plains is not required to indemnify the partnership.     

If Green Plains or its affiliates cease to control the general partner, then either Green Plains or the partnership may terminate the omnibus agreement,   provided   that (i) the indemnification obligations of the parties survive according to their respective terms; and (ii) Green Plains  obligation to reimburse the partnership for operational failures survives according to its terms. 

10   

Table of Contents  

Contribution, Conveyance and Assumption Agreement 

On July 1, 2015, in connection with the IPO, the partnership entered into a contribution, conveyance and assumption agreement with   its   general partner, Green Plains, Green Plains Operating Company, Green Plains Obion and Green Plains Trucking, and the following transactions, among others, occurred concurrently with the closing of the IPO:  

Green Plains conveyed its   2.25%   limited liability interest in Green Plains Operating Company to the general partner, which the general partner then conveyed to the partnership in exchange for the general partner interest and all of the limited partner interests in the partnership classified as incentive distribution rights under the partnership agreement;       

Subsequent to t  he IPO, Green Plains Trucking conveyed   its   interest in the partnership to Green Plains.    

Operating Services and Secondment Agreement 

In connection with the IPO, the general partner entered into an operational services and secondment agreement with Green Plains. Under the terms of the agreement, Green Plains seconds employees to the general partner to provide management, maintenance and operational functions for the partnership, including regulatory matters, health, environment, safety and security programs, operational services, emergency response, employees training, finance and administration, human resources, business operations and planning. The seconded personnel are under the direct management and supervision of the general partner. 

The general partner reimburses the parent for the cost of the seconded employees, including wages and benefits. If a seconded employee does not devote 100% of his or her time providing services to the general partner, the general partner reimburses the parent for a prorated portion of the employee s overall wages and benefits based on the percentage of time the employee spent working for the general partner. The parent bills the general partner monthly in arrears for services provided during the prior month. Payment is due within 10 days of the general partner s receipt of the invoice. 

Revolving Credit Facility 

In connection with the IPO, Green Plains Operating Company, entered into   an agreement for a   five  -year,   $100.0   million revolving credit facility, as the borrower, with various lenders to fund working capital, acquisitions, distributions, capital expenditures and other general partnership purposes.   The revolving credit facility contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default. The negative covenants include restrictions on the partnership s ability to incur additional debt, acquire and sell assets, create liens, invest capital, pay distributions and materially amend the partnership s commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade. See   Note   4     Debt   to the consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the revolving credit facility. 

Commercial Agreements  

In connection with the IPO, the partnership entered into various fee-based commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade, including: 

10  -year storage and throughput agreement;      

6  -year rail transportation services agreement; and     

1  -year trucking transportation agreement.      

The partnership   also assumed: 

2.5  -year terminal services agreement for   the   Birmingham, Alabama unit train terminal; and     

various other terminal services agreements for other fuel terminal facilities, each with Green Plains Trade.     

11   

Table of Contents  

The storage and throughput agreement and terminal services agreements are supported by minimum volume commitments. The rail transportation services agreement is supported by minimum take-or-pay capacity commitments. All of the commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade include provisions that permit Green Plains Trade to suspend, reduce or terminate its obligations under the applicable commercial agreement if certain events occur, including a material breach of the applicable commercial agreement by the partnership, force majeure events that prevent the partnership or Green Plains Trade from performing the respective ob  ligations under the applicable commercial agreement, and not being available to Green Plains Trade for any reason other than action or inaction by Green Plains Trade.   If Green Plains Trade reduces its minimum commitment under the commercial agreements, Green Plains Trade is required to pay fees on the revised minimum commitments only  . 

3.  ACQUISITION  S 

Abengoa Acquisition 

Effective September 23, 2016, the partnership acquired the ethanol storage assets located in Madison, Illinois  ;   Mount Vernon, Indiana, and York, Nebraska, for $90.0 million  , which   occurred   concurrently with     the acquisition of three   ethanol plants   by Green Plains   from   subsidiaries of   Abengoa   S.A  .     The   partnership used its   amended   revolving credit facility   to fund the purchase  . 

This transaction was   accounted for as   a transfer between entities under common control   and approved by the conflicts committee  ;   therefore, the net assets were   transferred at   the   preliminary     value recorded in Green Plains  purchase accountin  g of   $  12.5   million.    

The following is a summary of assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands): 

In conjunction with the   acquisition  , the partnership   and Green Plains   amended the 1) omnibus agreement, 2) operational services agreement, and 3) ethanol storage and throughput agreement. Please refer to   Note 11   Related Party Transactions   to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 

Hereford and Hopewell Acquisition 

Effective January 1, 2016, the partnership acquired the ethanol storage and leased railcar assets   located in   Hereford  , Texas   and Hopewell  , Virginia   from   Green Plains   for $62.3 million. The transaction was financed   through the use of   the revolving credit facility and cash on hand.  

This transaction was considered a transfer between entities under common control   and approved by the conflicts committee  ; therefore, th  e net assets were transferred at their historical cost of $6.3 million as of the original date of acquisition by the sponsor in the fourth quarter of 2015. The   consolidated   financial statements have been recast to reflect the results of operations, financial position and cash flows of this transaction as if the net assets were owned by the partnership since the sponsor purchased the two ethanol production facilities in the fourth quarter of 2015. 

The following is a summary of assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands): 

12   

Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of the results of operations of the acquired assets f  or the period of common control, or since   October 23, 2015, and November 12, 2015, for Hopewell and Hereford, respectively  ,     during the year ended December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

At the time of acquisition, the Hopewell facility was not operational; however, upon completion of certain maintenance and enhancement projects, operations began at the plant in early February 2016. In conjunction with the transfer of assets under common control, the partnership   amended   the 1) omnibus agreement, 2) operational services agreement,   and   3) ethanol s  torage and throughput agreement; the   rail transportation services agreement   was also adjusted. Please refer to   Note 11   Related Party Transactions     to the consolidated financial statements for additional information  .    

4.  DEBT 

Revolving Credit Facility 

On July 1, 2015, Green Plains Operating Company entered into an agreement for a   five  -year,   $100.0   million revolving credit facility, as the borrower, with various lenders to fund working capital, acquisitions, distributions, capital expenditures and other general partnership purposes.   On September 16, 2016, Green Plains Operating Company entered into an amendment to the revolving credit facility agreement  ,    which   increased   the   available borrowings   to   $155.0   million.   The revolving credit facility contains customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants, negative covenants and events of default.   The negative covenants include restrictions on the partnership s ability to incur additional debt, acquire and sell assets, create liens, invest capital, pay distributions and materially amend the partnership s commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade. The revolving credit facility, as amended, may be increased   by   up to   an aggregate of     $100.0   million without the consent of the lenders. 

Loans under the revolving credit facility are subject to a floating interest rate based on the partnership s maximum consolidated net leverage ratio   equal to (a) a   base rate plus 1.25% to 2.00% per year   or (b) a   LIBOR rate plus 2.25% to 3.00%  . The revolving credit facility requires the partnership to maintain a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than   3.50   to 1.00 and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of no less than   2.75   to 1.00  , each of which is calculated on a pro forma basis with respect to acquisitions and divestitures occurring during the applicable period  .   As of September 30, 2016, the revolving credit facility had an interest rate of 3.3%. 

The partnership h  ad   $132.0     million of   bor  rowings outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , and   no   borrowings outstanding as of   December 31, 2015  , under the revolving credit facility. 

Effective January 1, 2016, the partnership adopted ASC 835-30,   Interest - Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , which   resulted in the reclassification of approximately   $221   thousand   from other assets to long-term debt within the balance   sheet as of December 31, 2015.   As of   September 30, 2016  , there   were     $185   thousand     of debt issuance costs recorded as a direct reduction of the carrying value of the partnership s long-term debt.   

Scheduled long   term debt repayments as of   September 30, 2016  , are as follows (in thousands): 

13   

Table of Contents  

Covenant Compliance 

The partnership, including all of its subsidia  ries, was in compliance with its debt covenants as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Capitalized Interest 

The   partnership s   policy is to capitalize interest costs incurred on debt during the construction of major projects. The partner  ship had   no   capitalized interest for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and     2015  . 

5.  UNIT-BASED COMPENSATION 

The board of directors of the general partner adopted the LTIP upon completion of the IPO. The LTIP is intended to promote the interests of the partnership, its general partner and affiliates by providing unit-based incentive compensation awards to employees, consultants and directors to encourage superior performance. The LTIP reserves   2,500,000   common units for issuance in the form of     options, restricted units, phantom units, distribution equivalent rights, substitute awards, unit appreciation rights, unit awards, profits interest units or other unit-based awards. The partnership measures unit-based compensation grants at fair value on the grant date and records noncash compensation expense related to the awards over the requisite service period.  

The non-vested unit-based award activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is as follows: 

Compensation costs   related to the unit-based awards   of approximately   $60   thousand and   $82   thousand   were recognized during three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. A net benefit of   $15   thousand was recognized due to a forfeiture during the three months ended March 31, 2016.   Compensation costs of   approximately   $24     thousand   were   recognized     during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016, there   was   approximately   $180     thousand of   unrecognized com  pensation costs from unit-based awards  . 

6.  PARTNERS  CAPITAL 

Components of partners  capital are as follows (in thousands): 

*Recast to include the historical balances of assets acquired in a transfer between entities under common control. See Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 

14   

Table of Contents  

A rollforward of the number of common and subordinated limited partner units outstanding is as follows: 

The partnership s subordinated units are not entitled to distributions until the common units have received the minimum quarterly distribution for that quarter plus any arrearages of the minimum quarterly distribution from prior quarters. Subordinated units do not accrue arrearages. 

The partnership agreement authorizes the partnership to issue unlimited additional partnership interests on the terms and conditions determined by the general partner without unitholder approval.  

Quarterly distributions are made within 45 days after the end of each calendar quarter, assuming the partnership has sufficient available cash. Available cash generally means, all cash and cash equivalents on hand at the end of that quarter less cash reserves established by the general partner plus all or any portion of the cash on hand resulting from working capital borrowings made subsequent to the end of that quarter.  

On February 12, 2016, the partnership distributed   $13.1   million to   unitholders of record as of February 5, 2016, related to the quarterly cash distribution of     $0.4025   per unit   that was declared on January 21, 2016, for the quarter ended December 31, 2015. 

On May 13, 2016, the partnership distributed   $13.1   million to   unitholders of record as of May 6, 2016, related to the quarterly cash distribution of   $0.4050   per unit that was declared on April 21, 2016, for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. 

On   August 12  , 2016, the   partnership distribute  d    $13.3   million   to unitholders of record as of August 5, 2016, related to the quarterly cash distribution of   $0.41   per unit   that was declared on July 20, 2016  ,    for the quarter ended June 30, 2016  . 

On   Octobe  r 20, 2016, the board of directors of the general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of   $0.4  2   per   u  nit, or approximately   $13.  6   millio  n in total, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The distribution will be paid on   Novembe  r 1  4  , 201  6, to unitholders of record as of   November    4  , 2016. 

The allocation of total cash distributions to the general and limited partners applicable to the period the distributions were earned for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , are as follows (in thousands): 

7  .  EARNINGS PER UNIT 

The partnership computes earnings per unit using the two-class method. Earnings per unit applicable to   common and subordinated units is   calculated by dividing the respective limited partners  interest in net income by the weighted average number of common and subordinated units outstanding during the period, adjusted for the dilutive effect of any outstanding dilutive securities. Diluted earnings per limited partner unit is the same as basic earnings per limited partner unit as there  

15   

Table of Contents  

were   no   potentially dilutive     common or subordinated units   outstanding   as of   September 30, 2016  .    The following table  s     show the calculation of earnings   per limited partner unit   basic and diluted   (in thousands, except for per unit data): 

8  .  INCOME TAXES  

The partne  rship is a limited partnership, which   is not subject to federal   income taxes.   The partnership owns a subsidiary  , however,   that is taxed as a corporation for federal and state income tax purposes. In addition, t  he partnership is subject to state income taxes   in certain states  . As a result, the financial statements reflect   a provision or   benefit for   such   income taxes.   The general partner and the unitholders are responsible for paying federal and state income taxes on their share of the partnership s taxable income. 

16   

Table of Contents  

The MLP predecessor was a single member limited liability company, treated as a non-taxable disregarded entity in Green Plains  federal and state income tax returns. For periods prior to the IPO, the consolidated financial statements reflect income taxes as if the MLP predecessor had filed separate federal and state tax returns. Under a tax sharing agreement between the MLP predecessor and Green Plains, the MLP predecessor periodically   made   payments to Green Plains for its share of Green Plains  tax liabilities. Differences between amounts due to Green Plains under the agreement and the total income tax expense of the MLP predecessor, which   were   determined as if the MLP predecessor filed separate tax returns, are reflected as member contributions in partners  capital. These amounts included   net contributions   of   $11   thousand   fo  r the     nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

Income taxes for the MLP predecessor were accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities   were   recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for net operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities   were   measured using enacted tax rates expected to   be   appl  ied   to taxable income in the years those temporary differences   were   expected to be recovered or settled. The effect     of a change in tax rates   on deferred tax assets and liabil  ities wa  s recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

At the closing of the IPO, current and deferred income taxes were settled through equity contributions from Green Plains. At the same time, the MLP predecessor s participation in the tax sharing agreement was terminated  . 

9.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Operating Leases 

The partnership leases certain facilities, parcels of land and railcars under agreements that expire on various dates. For accounting purposes, rent expense is based on a straight-line amortization of the total payments required over the term of the lease, which resulted in a deferred lease liability of    $  708   thousand a  nd $  349   thousand as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The partnership incurred lease expense  s of   $6.1   million and   $18.7   million d  uring the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and     $5.4   million and   $16.6   million   during the     three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. Aggregate minimum lease payments under these agreements   for the remainder of 2016 and   in future years are as follows (in thousands): 

In connection with the IPO, the partnership and Green Plains Trade entered into a   ten  -year storage and throughput agreement, under which Green Plains Trade was   obligated to throughput a minimum of   212.5   mmg of product per calendar quarter   at the partnership s storage facilities and pay   $0.05   per gallon on all volume it throughputs.  

Effective January 1, 2016  ,     and September 23, 2016,   the storage and throughput agreement was amended in connection with the acquisition of   additional   ethanol storage and   transportation   assets. In accordance with the amended agreement, Green Plains Trade is now obligated to throughput   a minimum   of   296.6   mmg     per calendar quarter. For accounting purposes,  

17   

Table of Contents  

the partnership records revenues related to this agreement as operating lease revenues. Minimum revenues under this agreement   for the remainder of 2016 and   in future years are as follows (in thousands): 

Service Agreements 

The partnership entered into agreements   for contracted services with certain   vendors that require the partnership to pay minimum monthly amounts, which expire on various da  tes. The partnersh  ip exceeded all minimum commitments under these agreements during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Aggregate minimum payments und  er these agreements   for the remainder of 2016 and   in future years are as follows (in thousands): 

Legal 

Routinely, the partnership may be involved in litigation that arises during the ordinary course of business. The partnership is   not currently party to   any material litigation. 

10.  MAJOR CUSTOMERS 

Revenues from   two     customers exceeding 10% of the partnership s total revenues are as follows (in thousands): 

11.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

In addition to the related party purchases disclosed in   Note 3   Acquisitions   to the consolidated financial statements, t  he partnership engages in various related party transactions with Green Plains and subsidiaries of Green Plains. 

Green Plains provides a variety of shared services to the partnership, including general management, accounting and finance, payroll and human resources, information technology, legal, communications and treasury activities. These costs are proportionally allocated by Green Plains to its subsidiaries based on common financial metrics management believes are reasonable. While these allocated costs are not necessarily representative of costs that may have been incurred if they were from a third party, the partnership believes these costs would not have been materially different had they been   determined   on a stand-alone basis. The partnership recorded expenses related to these shared services of   approximately   $0.9   million and   $2.7   million for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $0.7   million and   $0.9   million for   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. In addition, the partnership reimbur  ses Green Plains for  

18   

Table of Contents  

wages and benefit  s   of employees directly performing services on its behalf. Green Plains may also pay certain direct costs on behalf of the partnership, which are reimbursed by the partnership. The partnership believes the consolidated financial statements reflect all material costs of doing business related to these operations, including expenses incurred by other entities on its behalf.  

The partnership has various fee-based commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade. In connection with the IPO, the partnership entered into: 

10  -year storage and throughput agreement;      

6  -year rail transportation services agreement; and     

1  -year trucking transportation agreement.      

The partnership also assumed: 

2.5  -year terminal services agreement for   the   Birmingham, Alabama unit train terminal; and     

various other terminal services agreements for other fuel terminal facilities, each with Green Plains Trade.     

The storage and throughput agreement and terminal services agreements are supported by minimum volume commitments. The rail transportation services agreement is supported by minimum take-or-pay capacity commitments. 

Under the storage and throughput agreement, Green Plains Trade was   obligated to throughput a minimum of   212.5   mmg of product per calendar quarter   at the partnership s storage facilities and pay   $0.05   per gallon on all volume it throughputs. Effective January 1, 2016,   and September 23, 2016,   the storage and throughput agreement was amended in connection with the acquisition of certain ethanol storage and leased railcar assets. Under the amended agreement, Green Plains Trade   is now   obligated to a throughput of   2  96.  6   mmg per calendar quarter.   If Green Plains Trade fails to meet its minimum volume commitment during any quarter, Green Plains Trade will pay the partnership a deficiency payment equal to the deficient volume multiplied by the applicable fee. The deficiency payment may be applied as a credit toward volumes throughput by Green Plains Trade in excess of the minimum volume commitment during the next four quarters, after which time any unused credits will expire.   Green Pl  ains Trade has met its minimum volume commitments for e  ach of the quarters   since inception of the storage and throughput agreement. 

Under the rail transportation services agreement, Green Plains Trade is obligated to use the partnership to transport ethanol and other fuels from receipt points identified by Green Plains Trade to nominated delivery points. During   the     three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the average monthly fee was   approximately     $0.03  28   and   $0.0  343   per gallon, respectively, for the railcar volumetric capacity provided by the partnership, which was   80.  6   mmg as of   September 30, 2016  .    The partnership s   leased railcar fleet consist  ed   of approximately   3  ,  1  00   railcars as of September 30, 2016.     During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the average monthly fee was approximately   $0.0359   per gallon for the railcar volumetric capacity provided by the partnership, which was   66.3   mmg as of September 30, 2015.   The partnership s leased railcar fleet consisted   of approximately   2,  2  00   railcars a  s of September 30, 2015  . 

Green Plains Trade is also obligated to use the partnership for logistical operations management and other services related to railcar volumetric capacity. Green Plains Trade is obligated to pay   a monthly fee of approximately   $0.0013   per gallon for these services. Green Plains Trade reimburses the partnership for costs related to: (1) railcar switching and unloading fees; (2) increased costs related to changes in law or governmental regulation related to the specification, operation or maintenance of railcars; (3) demurrage charges, except when the charges are due to the partnership s gross negligence or willful misconduct; and (4) fees related to rail transportation services under transportation contracts with third-party common carriers. Since the IPO,   Green Plains Trade has entered into   lease renewals in the normal course of business at comparable margins.  

Under the trucking transportation agreement, Green Plains Trade pays the partnership to use its truck transportation services to transport ethanol and other fuels from receipt points identified by Green Plains Trade to nominated delivery points. Green Plains Trade is obligated to pay a monthly trucking transportation services fee equal to the aggregate volume transported in a calendar month by the partnership s trucks, multiplied by the applicable rate for each trucking lane. Green Plains Trade reimburses the partnership for costs related to: (1) truck switching and unloading fees; (2) increased costs related to changes in law or governmental regulation related to the specification, operation and maintenance of trucks; and (3) fees related to trucking transportation services under transportation contracts with third-party common carriers. 

19   

Table of Contents  

Under the Birmingham terminal services agreement, Green Plains Trade is obligated to pay   $0.0355   per gallon on its throughput subject to a minimum volume commitment of approximately   2.8   mmg per month of ethanol and other fuels, as well as fees for ancillary services.   

The partnership recorded revenues from Green Plains Trade under the storage and throughput agreement and rail transportation   agreement of   $22.5   million and   $64.5   million for th  e    three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,    respectively, and   $17.8   million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   The     partnership   recorded revenues from Green Plains Trade related to trucking and terminal services   of   $1.6   million and   $4.9   million for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively  . The MLP predecessor and the partnership recorded revenues from Green Plains Trade related to trucking and terminal services of     $1.5   million and   $4.1   million for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

In February 2015, a subsidiary of the MLP predecessor made an equity distribution to Green Plains in the amount of   $3.3   million  . 

T  he   partnership distributed     $  8.  6   million   and   $  25.  5   million to Green Plains related to the quarterly cash distribution   paid   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and   $  8.4   million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.    

20   

Table of Contents  

Item   2    .  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

T  he following discussion and analysis   provides information we believe is relevant to understand our consolidated   financial condition and results of operations  . This discussion should be read   in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes   contained   in thi  s report   together with our   2015   annual report   and recast Form 8   K  . The results of operations for   the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,    are not necessarily indicative of the results   we   expect for the full year. 

Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, but rather to plans and objective  s for future operations based   on management s reasonable estimates of future results or trends, and include statements preceded by, or followed by words such as  anticipates,   believes,   continue  s  ,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   outlook,   plans,   predicts,   may,   could,   should,   will,  and similar words and phrases, and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future operating or financial performance, business strategy, business environment, key trends and benefits of actual or planned acquisitions. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are made in accordance with safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Although we believe our expectations regarding future events are based on reasonable assumptions, any or all forward-looking statements in this report may be based on inaccurate assumptions or not account for   all   known or unknown risks and uncertainties, and therefore, may be incorrect. Consequently, no forward-looking statement is guaranteed, and actual future results may vary materially from the results expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. The cautionary statements in this report apply to all of our forward-looking statements. In addition, we are not obligated, and do not intend, to update any of our forward-looking statements at any time unless an update is required by applicable securities laws. Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in   Part I, Item 1A   Ris  k Factors   of our   2015   annual report  . Specifically, we may experience significant fluctuations in future operating results due to a number of economic conditions, such as changes in general economic, market or business conditions; foreign imports of ethanol; fluctuations in demand for ethanol and other fuels; risks of accidents or other unscheduled shutdowns affecting our assets, including mechanical breakdown of equipment or infrastructure; risks associated with changes to federal policy or regulation; ability to comply with changing government usage mandates and regulations affecting the ethanol industry; price availability and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative fuel vehicles, and laws mandating such fuels or vehicles; changes in operational costs at our facilities and for our railcars; failure to realize the benefits projected for capital projects; competition; inability to successfully implement growth strategies; the supply of corn and other feedstocks; unusual or severe weather conditions and natural disasters; ability and willingness of parties with whom we have material relationships, including Green Plains Trade, to fulfill their obligations; labor and material shortages; changes in the availability of unsecured credit and changes affecting the credit markets in general; and   other risk factors detailed   in our reports filed with the SEC.  

In light of these assumptions, risks and uncertainties, the results and events discussed in the forward-looking statements contained in this report or in any document incorporated by reference might not occur. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which represent management s views only as of the date of this report or the date of the document incorporated by reference in this report. We are not under any obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation, to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

Green Plains Partners provide  s     fee-based   fuel storage and transportation services by owning, operating, developing and acquiring ethanol and fuel storage tanks, terminals, transportation assets and other related assets and businesses.   We were formed by Green Plains, a vertically integrated ethanol producer, to be its primary downstream logistics provider and completed our IPO on July 1, 2015, at which time our parent contributed its ethanol storage and leased railcar assets in a transfer between entities under common control.   We generate a substantial portion of our revenues under fee-based commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade for receiving, storing, transferring and transporting ethanol and other fuels, which are supported by minimum volume or take-or-pay capacity commitments. We do not take ownership or receive any   payments based on the value of   the e  thanol or other fuels we handle; therefore,   we do not have any direct exposure to   fluctuating   commodity prices. 

21   

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

Our parent operated its facilities at approximate  ly 9  2  .  5  % of capacity, resulting in record ethanol production of 2  9  2.2   million gallons for the third quarter of 2016, compared with 215.6 million gallons for the same quarter last year. The increase in production volumes and associated revenues were   primarily   attributable to production at the Hereford, Texas plant, which was acquired on November 12, 2015  ;   the Hopewell, Virginia plant, which was acquired on October 23, 2015, and resumed ethanol production on February 8, 2016  ;    and the Madison, Illinois;   Mount Vernon, Indiana, and York, Nebraska plants, which were acquired on September 23, 2016. 

Industry Trends and Factors Affecting our Results of Operations 

According to the EIA, domestic ethanol production   in the third quarter of 2016 averaged   1,005,000 barrels per day, compared with an average of 962,000 barrels per day during the third quarter of last year. The blend rate of ethanol into the   U.S.   gasoline supply remained at 9.9% during the third quarter of 2016  . U.S.   domestic   ethanol   ending stocks   were   20.2 million barrels as of September 30, 2016, 6.4% lower than the inventory at the beginning of the quarter.  

U.S.   demand for gasoline   was 2.6% higher in the third quarter of 2016, compared to the same period a year ago. Higher gasoline demand for the third quarter led to a similar increase in ethanol demand.   In addition, the number of retail stations offering E15   has increased   since the beginning of the year. As of September 30, 2016, 355 retail stations were selling E15, up from 182 stations at December 31, 2015.  

On October 12, 2016, the USDA   updated   its corn production estimate for the 2016-17   marketing year   to 15.057 billion bushels, an 11% increase in its production forecast over the 2015-16   marketing year. The projected range for the 2016-17 marketing year s   average corn price is $2.95 to $3.55 per bushel, according to the October WASDE report.   T  he average price of sugar   increased   to July 2012 levels, averaging 21 cents per pound during the third quarter due to concerns regarding   the world s sugar   supply.   Brazil, the second-largest ethanol producing country, uses sugarcane to produce   sugar and   ethanol. 

As of August   3  1  , 2016, year-to-date domestic   ethanol   exports were 594.3 million gallons, up 5.3% from y  ear-to-date August 2015 volumes  .   According to the EIA  , n  et U.S. ethanol exports are   forecasted   to be   approximately   9  00 million gallons for 2016  , up from   730 million   gallons   for   2015. Canada, China, Brazil, India and the Philippines accounted for approximately 80% of August year-to-date U.S. ethanol export volumes. 

Adjusted EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow 

Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization, plus adjustments for transaction costs related to acquisitions or financing transactions, minimum volume commitment deficiency payments, unit-based compensation expense and net gains or losses on asset sales. 

Distributable cash flow is defined as adjusted EBITDA less interest paid or payable, income taxes paid or payable and maintenance capital expenditures, which are defined under our partnership agreement as cash expenditures (including expenditures for the construction or development of new capital assets or the replacement, improvement or expansion of existing capital assets) made to maintain our operating capacity or operating income. 

We be  lieve the presentation of a  djusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow provide  s   useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations.   Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow are supplemental financial measures that we use to assess our financial performance; however, these presentations are not made in accordance with GAAP. The GAAP measure most directly comparable to adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow is net income. Since a  djusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow may be defined differently by o  ther companies in our industry,   our definitions of   a  djusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, diminishing its utility.   Adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to net income or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with GAAP to analyze our results.  

22   

Table of Contents  

The following table presents a reconciliation o  f net income to adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods presented and a reconciliation of net income to distributable cash flow   for the     three and nine months ended September 30, 2016    (  unaudited,   dollars     in thousands):    

(1) Distributable cash flow computations for periods before the partnership s IPO are not considered meaningful. 

(2) Includes distributions declared for the periods indicated  ;     t  he distribution  s   declared for each quarter   are   paid during the following quarter.  

Recent Developments 

Effective   September     23  , 2016, we acquired the ethanol storage assets of the   Madison, Illinois  ;   Mount Vernon, Indiana and York, Nebraska   ethanol production facilities for $  90   million  , which occurred concurrently   with the acquisition of three ethanol plants by Green Plains   from   subsidiaries of   Abengoa   S.A  . The acquired assets include ethanol storage tanks that support the plants  combined   annual   production capacity of approximately   236     million gallons.     We used our   amended   revolving credit facility to fund the purchase. 

On August 25, 2016, the partnership filed a   shelf   registration statement on Form S-3 with the   SEC  ,    registering an indeterminate number of   debt and equity securities   with a total offering price not to exceed $500,000,250   that was decla  red effective September 2, 2016  .    The partnership also registered   13,513,500 common units, consisting of 4,389,642 common units and 9,123,858 common units that may be issued upon conversion of subordinated units, in each case, currently held by Green Plains. 

On June 14, 2016, our parent   and Jefferson Gulf Coast Energy Partners, a subsidiary of Fortress Transportation and Infrastructure Investors LLC  ,   announced the   formation of   a   50/50   joint venture to construct and operate an intermodal export and import fuels terminal at Jefferson s existing Beaumont, Texas terminal.   Green Plains will offer its interest in the joint venture to the partnership once commercial development is complete. 

Comparability   of our Financial Results 

The financial results f  or t  he   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , reflect those of the partnership, which includes the results related to assets acquired subsequent to the IPO in transfer  s   between   entities under common control. The financial results f  or the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  ,    r  eflect   the results     of the MLP predecessor   prior to the IPO and the   results of the   partnership for the period subsequent to the IPO through September 30, 2015. The financial results of the MLP predecessor   include the results of BlendStar, our predecessor for accounting purposes, and the assets, liabilities and results of operations of certain ethanol storage and railcar assets contributed by Green Plains in a transfer between entities under common control in connection with the IPO. 

23   

Table of Contents  

I  n accordance with GAAP  , w  hen transferring assets between entities under common control, the entity receiving the net assets initially recognizes the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities at the date of transfer and the prior period financial statements of the transferee are recast for all periods the transferred operations were part of the parent s co  nsolidated financial statements  . On July 1, 2015, in addition to the interests of BlendStar, we received the ethanol storage and railcar assets in a transfer between entities under common control. The transferred assets and liabilities are recognized at our parent s historical cost and reflected retroactively in the consolidated financial statements presented in this report. Expenses related to the ethanol storage and railcar assets, such as depreciation, amortization and railcar lease expenses, are also reflected retroactively in the consolidated financial statements. There   were   no revenues related to the operation of the contributed ethanol storage and railcar assets for periods prior to July 1, 2015, when the related commercial agreements with Green Plains Trade became effective. 

Selected Financial Information and Operating Data 

The   following     table   reflects selected financial information (  unaudited,   in thousands): 

(1)     Percentage variance not considered meaningful. 

T  he   following   table reflects selected operating data   (unaudited)  : 

(1)    N  ine months ended September 30, 2015, includes   volumetric   data   since   July 1, 2015, when related commercial agreements   became   effective  . 

(2) Percentage variance not considered meaningful for the nine  -  month period ended September 30, 2015. 

24   

Table of Contents  

Three Months   Ende  d    September 30, 2016  ,    Compare  d with   the   Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 

Consolidated revenues increased $4.8 million for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period for 2015. Revenues generated from our storage and throughput agreement   with Green Plains   Trade   increased $3.8 million   due to   higher throughput   volumes   as a result of   the acquired   ethanol storage assets   and higher production capacity utilization by   Green Plains  .    Revenues generated from our rail transportation services agreement with Green Plains   Trade   increased $0.9 million due   to     higher railcar volumetric capacity provided by the partnership   as a result of additional railcar   requirements to transport incremental production volume  . 

Operations and maintenance expen  s  es increased $0.8 million for th  e     three months ended September 30, 2016  ,    compared with the same period for   2015   primarily du  e    to higher   railcar lease expense  . 

General and administrative expense  s    increased   $0.4   mil  lion   for the     three months ended September 30, 2016  ,   compared with the same period for   2015   due   to   transaction costs related to the acquisition of   ethanol storage assets   an  d administrative costs incurred as a publicly traded entity  . 

Distributable cash flow increased $3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with the same period for 2015 primarily due to increased net income as a result   of   higher throughput volumes associated with acquired ethanol storage assets and higher production capacity utilization by Green Plains.  

Nine Months    E  nded   September 30, 2016  , Compared with the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015 

Revenues generated from our storage and throughput agreement and rail transportation services agreement with Green Plains Trade, executed in connection with our IPO and effective b  eginning July 1, 2015, were $  64.5   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with $17.8 million fo  r the same period for 2015. 

Operations and maintenance expens  es increased   $3.9   million f  or the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with the same period for 2015 primarily   due to higher railcar lease expense and wages. 

General and administrative expense  s increased   $2.0   million fo  r the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compare  d with the same period for 2015     primarily due t  o administrative costs incurred as a publicly traded entity  . 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our principal sources of liquidity include cash generated from operating activities and borrowings under our revolving credit facilit  y. We consider opportunities to repay, redeem, repurchase or refinance our debt, depending on market conditions, as part of our normal course of doing business. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and other capital requirements depends on our future operating performance, which is subject to general economic, financial, business, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other conditions, many of which are beyond our control. We plan to fund future expansion capital expenditures primarily from external sources, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility and issuance  s of debt and equity securities. We   expect these sources will be adequate for both our short-term and long-term liquidity needs.       

On January 1, 2016, we purchased the ethanol storage and leased railcar assets   related to   the Hereford and Hopewell production facilities from our sponsor by drawing $48.0 million on our revolving credit facility and using   $14.  3   million of   cash on hand.  

On August 25, 2016, the partnership filed a   universal   shelf registration statement with the SEC  , registering an indeterminate   number   of equity and debt securities   with a total offering price not to exceed $500,000,250   that was declared effective September 2, 2016  .    T  he partnership   also   registered 13,513,500 common units  ,     consisting of 4,389,642 common units and 9,123,858 common units that may be issued upon conversion of subordinated units, in each case, currently held by Green Plains. 

On September 16, 2016, Green Plains Operating Company   increased its   revolving credit facility agreement from $100.0 million to $155.0 million  , which it used to fund the   $90.0 million   purchase of ethanol   storage assets associated with the Madison, Illinois  ;   Mount Vernon, Indiana and York, Nebraska production facilities   on September 23, 2016  .    

At     September 30, 2016  ,    we h  ad   $1.3   million of cas  h and cash equiva  lents an  d    $23.0   million     av  ailable under our     revolving   credit facility. 

25   

Table of Contents  

Net cash   provided   by o  perating activities   was   $46.2   mill  ion     for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared with net cash   provided   by operating activities of   $4.4   million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Cash flows from operating activities were   driven     p  rimarily by increased operating profits. Net   cash   used   by investing activities was   $152.8   million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to the acquisitions of ethanol storage and leased railcar assets on January 1, 2016  ,   and September 23, 2016. Net cash provided by financing activities was   $91.5    m  illion     for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , primarily due to     net borrowings on the revolving credit facility related to the acquisitions of ethanol storage and leased railcar assets on January 1, 2016  ,   and September 23, 2016, partially offset by quarterly cash distributions. 

We   also   incurred     capital expenditures   of   $0.5   million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , $0.  3   milli  on     of which     relate  d   to maintenance capital expenditures.  

Revolving Credit Facility 

On July 1, 2015, Green Plains Operating Company entered into an agreement for a five-year, $100.0 million revolving credit facility with various lenders to fund working capital, acquisitions, distributions, capital expenditures and other general partnership purposes.   On September 16, 2016, Green Plains Operating Company entered into an amendment to the revolving credit facility agreement  ,    which     increased   the available   borrowings   to $155.0 million.     Loans under the revolving credit facility are subject to   an amended   floating interest rate based on the partnership s maximum consolidated net leverage ratio   equal to (a) a base rate plus   1.25  % to   2  .  00  % per year or (b) a LIBOR rate plus   2  .  2  5% to   3  .  00  %.     The revolving credit facility, as amended, may be increased   by   up to   an aggregate of   $100.0 million without the consent of the lenders.     As of   September 30, 2016  , we had     $132.0   million     in borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility at a  n   interest rate of   3.3  %  . We   were in compliance with ou  r debt covenants as of   September 30, 2016  , and expect to maintain compliance over the next twelve months.   For more information related to our debt, see   Note 4   Debt   to the consolidated financial statements included in this report   and   Note 8     Debt   to the consolidated financial statements included in our     recast   Form 8-K  . 

Distributions to Unitholders 

The partnership agreement provides for a minimum quarterly distribution of $0.40 per unit, which equates to approximately $13.0 million per quarter, or $51.9 million per year, based on the 2% general partner interest and the number of common and subordinated units currently outstanding.     For more information, see   Note 6   Partners  Capital   to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. 

On February 12, 2016, the partnership distributed $13.1 million to   unitholders o  f record as of February 5, 2016, related to the quarterly cash distribution of $0.4025 per unit that was declared on January 21, 2016, for the quarter ended December 31, 2015. 

On May 13, 2016, the partnership distributed $13.1 million to   unitholders o  f record as of May 6, 2016, related to the quarterly cash distribution of $0.4050 per unit that was declared on April 21, 2016, for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. 

On   August 12  , 2016, the   partnership distributed   $13.3 million   to unitholders of record as of August 5, 2016, related to the quarterly cash distribution of   $0.41 per unit   that was declared on July 20, 2016  ,    for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 

On   Octobe  r 20, 20  16, the board of directors of the general partner declared a quarterly cash distribution of   $0.4  2   pe  r unit, or approxi  mately $13.  6   million in t  otal, for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The distribution will be paid on   November   1  4  ,   2016, to unitholders of record as of   November     4  , 2016. 

26   

Table of Contents  

Contractual   Obligations 

Our contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016  , were as follows (in thousands): 

(1)     E  xcludes debt discounts   and issuance costs  . 

(2)      Interest amounts are calculated over the terms of the loans using current interest rates, assuming scheduled principa  l and interest amounts are paid   pursuant to the debt agreements. Includes administrative and/or commitment fees on debt obligations. 

(3)      Operating lease costs are primarily for property and railcar leases. 

(4)      Service agreements are related to minimum commitments on unloading contracts. 

(5)      Includes asset retirement obligations to return property to its original condition at the termination of lease agreements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Key accounting policies, including those relating to depreciation of property and equipment, asset retirement obligations, and impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions and estimates used   to prepare our   consolidated financial statements.   Information about   our critical accounting policies and estimates   are included   in   our   recast   Form   8  -K  . 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements   other than operating leases that   are entered into   during   the ordinary course of business and disclosed in the   Contractual O  bligations   section above. 

Item 3  .  Quantit    ative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices.   At this time, we   conduct all of our business in U.S. dollars and are not exposed to foreign currency risk.  

Interest Rate Risk 

We are exposed to interest rate risk through our revolving credit facility, which bears interest at variable rate  s  . At   September 30, 2016  , we ha  d $132.0 million outstanding   under   our   revolving credit faci  lity.   A 1  0% change in interest rate  s   would affect our interest   expense   by   approximately $434 thousand   per year  , assuming no changes in the amount outstanding or other variables under our revolving credit facility. 

Other details about our outstanding debt are discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this report     and    i  n    our recast Form 8-K. 

Commodity Price Risk  

We do not have any direct exposure to risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices because we do not own the ethanol and other fuels that are stored at our facilities or transported by our railcars.    

Ite  m 4  .       Co    ntrols and Procedures  . 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure information that must be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in  

27   

Table of Contents  

the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure.  

Under the supervision and participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes   in our   internal control over financial reporting   t  hat   occurred during the period covered by this report that have   materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,   our   internal control over financial reporting. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

As an   emerging growth company  ,    we are not required to provide an auditor s attestation report on the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting  ,   adopt new or revised financial accounting standards until   they apply to private companies,   comply with   any   new requirements adopted by the P  CAOB     to rotate audit firms   or supplement the auditor s report   with   additional information about the audit and fin  ancial statements of the issuer,   or disclose the same level of information about executive compensation required of larger public companies.  

We have elected to take advantage of   these   provisions except for the exemption that allows us to extend the transition period for compliance with new or revised financial accounting standards. This election is irrevocable. 

28   

Table of Contents  

PART II     OTHER INFORMATION 

Item   1  .       Leg    al Proceedings. 

We may be involved in litigation that arises during the ordinary course of business. We are not, however, involved in any material litigation at this time. 

Item 1A.  Ris    k Factors. 

Investors should carefully consider the discussion of risks and the other information in our   2015 annual report and recast Form 8-K  , and in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including the risk factors discussion in   Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors      of the   2015 annual report   and the discussion of risks and other information in this report, including  Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,  which is included in Part I, Item 2,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    Although we have attempted to discuss key factors, our investors need to be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risk  s may emerge at any time. W  e cannot predict such risks   n  or estimate the extent to which they may affect our fina  ncial performance.     There have been no material changes to the risk fa  ctors disclosed in     our   2015   annual report  . 

Item 2.  Unregist    ered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3.      Defa    ults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Ite    m 4.      Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5.      Other     Information. 

None. 

29   

Table of Contents  

Item 6. E    xhibits.    

Exhibit No.  

Description of Exhibit  

2.1  

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, by and among Green Plains, Inc., Green Plains Madison LLC, Green Plains Mount Vernon LLC, Green Plains York LLC, Green Plains Holdings LLC, Green Plains Partners LP, Green Plains Operating Company LLC, Green Plains Ethanol Storage LLC and Green Plains Logistics LLC (  incorp  orated by reference to Exhibit 2  .1 of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on   September 26  , 2016  ).  

10.1  

Second A  mendment   to the Omnibus Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, by and among Green Plains Inc., Green Plains Partners LP, Green Plains Holdings LLC and Green Plains Operating Company LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10  .1 of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on   September 26  , 2016  ).   

10.2  

Amendment No. 2 to Operational Services and Secondment Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, between Green Plains Inc. and Green Plains Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10  .  2   of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on   September 26  , 2016  ).  

10.3  

Amendment No. 2 to Ethanol Storage and Throughput Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, by and between Green Plains Ethanol Storage LLC and Green Plains Trade Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10  .  3   of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on   September 26  , 2016  ).  

10.4  

First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated September 16, 2016, by and among   Green Plains Operating Company LLC, as the Borrower, the subsidiaries of the Borrower identified therein, Bank of America, N.A. and the other lenders party thereto   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2016).  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101  

The following information from Green Plains Partners LP   Annual   Report on Form 10-  Q   for the   quarterly   period ended   September 30, 2016  , formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

30   

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements   of   the Securi  ties Exchange Act of 1934, the r  egistrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned  ,     thereunto   duly authorized. 

c  

Date:     Novem  ber 3  , 2016  

Date:   November 3  , 2016  

GREEN PLAINS PARTNERS LP  
					 
						 (Registrant)  

By: Green Plains Holdings LLC,    
					 
						        its general partner  

By:      /s/ Todd A. Becker                                   _       
					 
						 Todd A. Becker   President and Chief Executive Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Executive Officer)  

By:      /s/ Jerry L. Peters                                   _       
					 
						 Jerry L. Peters   Chief Financial Officer  
					 
						 (Principal Financial Officer)  

31   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gpp-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Todd A. Becker, certify that:   

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Green Plains Partners LP;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a     15(e) and 15d     15(e)) for the registrant and have:      

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

b) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

c) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and       

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   November   3  ,   2016  

/s/ Todd A. Becker  

Todd A. Becker  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gpp-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jerry L. Peters, certify that:   

1. 

I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Green Plains Partners LP;       

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a     15(e) and 15d     15(e)) for the registrant and have:       

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;       

b) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and       

c) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and      

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):       

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and       

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.      

Date:   November   3  , 201  6  

/s/ Jerry L. Peters  

Jerry L. Peters  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 gpp-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES     OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Green Plains Partners LP, or  the partnership , on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter   ended   September   30, 2016, as f  iled with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, or  the report , I, Todd A. Becker, President and Chief Executive Officer of the partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:   

1) 

The report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and       

2) 

The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the partnership.       

D  ate:   November 3  ,   201  6  

/s/ Todd A. Becker  

Todd A. Becker  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 gpp-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 322

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES     OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Green Plains LP, or  the partnership , on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter e  nded   September   30, 20  16, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, or  the report , I, Jerry L. Peters, Chief Financial Officer of the partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge:   

1) 

The report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and       

2) 

The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the partnership.        

Date:   November 3  , 201  6  

/s/ Jerry L. Peters  

Jerry L. Peters  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 gpp-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gpp-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gpp-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gpp-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gpp-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gpp-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

