<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1572334_0001206774-16-007554_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8005891</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119970</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>365484</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2399895</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3517066</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1417771</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-16-007554.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114151704
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-16-007554
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Virginia National Bankshares Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001572334
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55117
		FILM NUMBER:		161994163

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		404 PEOPLE PLACE
		CITY:			CHARLOTTESVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22911
		BUSINESS PHONE:		434-817-7676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		404 PEOPLE PLACE
		CITY:			CHARLOTTESVILLE
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			22911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-16-007554.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 vnb30097814-10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D. C.
20549   
  ___________  
   FORM 10-Q      ___________   

(Mark
      One)   
   
      [X]       
      QUARTERLY REPORT
      PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
      1934   

For the quarterly
      period ended September 30, 2016   

[  ]  
      TRANSITION REPORT
      PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
      1934   

For the transition
      period from ___________________ to
___________________     
  Commission File Number:    000-55117     
   VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
CORPORATION     (Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter)  

Virginia   
       46-2331578    
   
       (State or other jurisdiction of   
       (I.R.S. Employer    
   
       incorporation or organization)   
       Identification No.)    

404 People Place, Charlottesville, Virginia   
       22911    
   
       (Address of principal executive offices)   
       (Zip Code)      
   (434) 817-8621    (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code)  
  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
  
      Yes         No 

  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if
any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).  
      Yes         No 

  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated
      filer    
      
      Accelerated
      filer     

Non-accelerated
      filer     
      (Do not check if
      a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
      reporting company       
 
  Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes       
No  

  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of November 9, 2016:  

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
CORPORATION    
   FORM 10-Q    
   TABLE OF CONTENTS    

Part I. Financial
      Information     

Item 1   
       Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets
      (unaudited)  
      
      Page 3   

Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited)  
      
      Page
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
      Income (unaudited)  
      
      Page 5   

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity
      (unaudited)  
      
      Page
      6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
      (unaudited)  
      
      Page 7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
      
      Page
      8   

Item 2   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
      Condition and Results of Operations   
      
      Page 31   

Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
      
      Page
      31   

Financial Condition  
      
      Page 32   

Results of Operations  
      
      Page
      37   

Item 3   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
      Risk   
      
      Page 42   

Item 4   
       Controls and Procedures   
      
      Page
      42   

Part II. Other
    Information   

Item 1  
      Legal
      Proceedings  
      
      Page
      43   

Item
1A      
      Risk Factors  
      
      Page 43   

Item 2  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
    Proceeds  
      
      Page
      43   

Item 3  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      
      Page 43   

Item 4  
      Mine
      Safety Disclosures  
      
      Page
      44   

Item 5  
      Other Information  
      
      Page 44   

Item 6  
      Exhibits  
      
      Page
      44   

Signatures   

Page 45     
  2  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
   
   ITEM 1. FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   
   VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
CORPORATION  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (dollars in thousands, except share
data)   
  
  *Derived from audited Consolidated
Financial Statements  
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements  
  3  

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
CORPORATION  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME     (dollars in thousands, except per share
data)     (unaudited)   
  
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements   
  4  

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
CORPORATION CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME     (dollars in
thousands) (unaudited)   
  
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements   
  5  

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
CORPORATION     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY     FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (dollars in thousands, except
per share data) (unaudited)   
  
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements  
  6  

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
CORPORATION  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     (dollars in thousands) (unaudited)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements  
  7  

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES    
   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS    
   (unaudited)    
   September 30, 2016    
   Note 1. Significant Accounting
Policies   

   Basis of Presentation    
  The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation (the
 Company ), its subsidiary Virginia National Bank (the  Bank ), and the Bank s
subsidiary, VNBTrust, National Association which offers services under the name
VNB Wealth Management ( VNBTrust  or  VNB Wealth ). All significant intercompany
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
  The unaudited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial
information. Accordingly, the unaudited consolidated financial statements do not
include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete
financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting
of normal recurring items) considered necessary for a fair presentation have
been included.   
  The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP and the reporting guidelines prescribed by regulatory
authorities requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly
susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the determination
of the allowance for loan losses, deferred tax assets and other real estate
owned. Operating results for the three-month and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for the year ending December 31, 2016.  
  The statements should be read in
conjunction with the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the
Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.       If needed, certain
previously reported amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period
presentation. No such reclassifications were significant.   
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements
   
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic
205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern.  This update is intended to provide guidance about management s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote
disclosures. Management is required under the new guidance to evaluate whether
there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise
substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the date the financial statements are issued when
preparing financial statements for each interim and annual reporting period. If
conditions or events are identified, the ASU specifies the process that must be
followed by management and also clarifies the timing and content of going
concern footnote disclosures in order to reduce diversity in practice. The
amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods
within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a
material impact on its consolidated financial statements.   
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments in
ASU 2016-01, among other things: 1) require equity investments (except those
accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in
consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized in net income; 2) require public business entities to use the
exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for
disclosure purposes; 3) require separate presentation of financial assets and
financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e.,
securities or loans and receivables); and 4) eliminate the requirement for
public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions
used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial
instruments measured at amortized cost. The amendments in this ASU are effective
for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
assessing the impact that ASU 2016-01 will have on its consolidated financial
statements.   
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  Among other things, in the amendments in ASU
2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases
(with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a lease
liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a
lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an
asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a
specified asset for the lease term. Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is
largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where
necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The amendments in this ASU are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted upon issuance. Lessees (for capital and
operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing, and operating
leases) must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases
existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements. The modified retrospective
approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired
before the earliest comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not
apply a full retrospective transition approach. The Company is currently
assessing the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial
statements.  
  8  

During March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-05,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract
Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships.  The amendments in this
ASU clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that
has been designated as the hedging instrument does not, in and of itself,
require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge
accounting criteria remain intact. The amendments are effective for public
business entities for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does
not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-05 to have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements.   
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-07,  Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323):
Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting.  The amendments
in this ASU eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use
of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results
of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if
the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the
investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor
add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current
basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of
accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method
accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no
retroactive adjustment of the investment is required. In addition, the
amendments in this ASU require that an entity that has an available-for-sale
equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting
recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated
other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use
of the equity method. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2016. The amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective
date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that
result in the adoption of the equity method. Early Adoption is permitted. The
Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-07 to have a material impact on
its consolidated financial statements.   
  During March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The amendments in this ASU simplify
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions
including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows.
The amendments are effective for public companies for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The
Company is currently assessing the impact that ASU 2016-09 will have on its
consolidated financial statements.   
  During June 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of
Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.  The amendments in this ASU, among other
things, require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial
assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current
conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and
other organizations will use forward-looking information to better inform their
credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will
still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to
reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, the ASU amends
the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and
purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The amendments in this ASU
are effective for SEC filers for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company is currently
assessing the impact that ASU 2016-13 will have on its consolidated financial
statements.   
  During August 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,  to address diversity in how certain cash
receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash
flows. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method
to each period presented. If retrospective application is impractical for some
of the issues addressed by the update, the amendments for those issues would be
applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. Early adoption is
permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company does not expect
the adoption of ASU 2016-15 to have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements.   
  9  

Note 2. Securities    
  The amortized cost and fair values of
securities available for sale as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
were as follows (dollars in thousands):  

As of September 30, 2016, there were
$12.9 million, or 9 issues of individual securities, in a loss position. These
securities have an unrealized loss of $77 thousand and consisted of 3 agency
bonds, 5 mortgage-backed/CMOs, and 1 municipal bond. The following table
summarizes all securities with unrealized losses, segregated by length of time
in a continuous unrealized loss position, at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 (dollars in thousands):   
  
  The Company s securities portfolio is
primarily made up of fixed rate bonds, whose prices move inversely with interest
rates. Any unrealized losses are largely due to increases in market interest
rates over the yields available at the time the underlying securities were
purchased. The fair value is expected to recover as the bonds approach their
maturity date or repricing date or if market yields for such investments
decline. At the end of any accounting period, the portfolio may have both
unrealized gains and losses. Management does not believe any of the securities
in an unrealized loss position are impaired due to credit quality. Accordingly,
as of September 30, 2016, management believes the impairments detailed in the
table above are temporary, and no impairment loss has been realized in the
Company s consolidated income statement.   
  10  

An  other-than-temporary impairment 
( OTTI ) is considered to exist if either of the following conditions are met:
it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the
security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or the Company does not
expect to recover the security s entire amortized cost basis (even if the
Company does not intend to sell). In the event that a security would suffer
impairment for a reason that was  other than temporary,  the Company would be
expected to write down the security s value to its new fair value, and the
amount of the write down would be included in earnings as a realized loss. As of
September 30, 2016, management has concluded that none of its investment
securities have an OTTI based upon the information available at this time.
Additionally, management has the ability to hold any security with an unrealized
loss until maturity or until such time as the value of the security has
recovered from its unrealized loss position.  
  Securities having carrying values of
$36.9 million at September 30, 2016 were pledged as collateral to secure public
deposits and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. At December 31,
2015, securities having carrying values of $42.2 million     were similarly
pledged.  
  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, proceeds from the sales of securities amounted to $2.7 million, with
realized gains on these securities of $44 thousand, and an additional $10.7
million in calls of securities accounted for the additional $145 thousand in
realized gains. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, proceeds from the
sales of securities amounted to $17.5 million, with realized gains on these
securities of $55 thousand, and an additional $17.4 million in calls of
securities accounted for an additional $14 thousand in realized
gains.  
  Restricted securities are securities
with limited marketability and consist of stock in the Federal Reserve Bank of
Richmond ( FRB ), the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ), and CBB
Financial Corporation ( CBBFC ), the holding company for Community Bankers Bank.
These restricted securities, totaling $1.7 million as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, are carried at cost.   
  11  

Note 3. Loans   
  The composition of the loan portfolio
by loan classification at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 appears below
(dollars in thousands).           

Accounting guidance requires certain
disclosures about investments in impaired loans, the allowance for loan losses
and interest income recognized on impaired loans. A loan is considered impaired
when it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all principal and
interest amounts when due according to the contractual terms of the loan
agreement. Factors involved in determining impairment include, but are not
limited to, expected future cash flows, financial condition of the borrower, and
current economic conditions.  
  
  12  

Following is a breakdown by class of
the loans classified as impaired loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. These loans are reported at their recorded investment, which is the
carrying amount of the loan as reflected on the Company s balance sheet, net of
charge-offs and other amounts applied to reduce the net book balance. Average
recorded investment in impaired loans is computed using an average of month-end
balances for these loans for either the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or
the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. Interest income recognized is for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 or the twelve months ended December 31,
2015. (Dollars below reported in thousands.)   

Included in the impaired loans above
are non-accrual loans. Generally, loans are placed on non-accrual when a loan is
specifically determined to be impaired or when principal or interest is
delinquent for 90 days or more. Any unpaid interest previously accrued on those
loans is reversed from income. Interest income generally is not recognized on
specific impaired loans unless the likelihood of further loss is remote.
Interest payments received on such loans are applied as a reduction of the loan
principal balance. Interest income on other non-accrual loans is recognized only
to the extent of interest payments received. Non-accrual loans are shown below
by class (dollars in thousands):   

Additionally, Troubled Debt
Restructurings ( TDRs ) are considered impaired loans. TDRs occur when the
Company agrees to modify the original terms of a loan by granting a concession
that it would not otherwise consider due to the deterioration in the financial
condition of the borrower. These concessions are done in an attempt to improve
the paying capacity of the borrower, and in some cases to avoid foreclosure, and
are made with the intent to restore the loan to a performing status once
sufficient payment history can be demonstrated. These concessions could include
reductions in the interest rate, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal,
forbearance or other actions.  
  Based on newly issued regulatory
guidance on Student Lending, the Company has classified 50 of its student loans
purchased as TDRs for a total of $868 thousand as of September 30, 2016. These
borrowers that should have been in repayment have requested and been granted
payment extensions or reductions exceeding the maximum lifetime allowable
payment forbearance of twelve months (36 months lifetime allowance for military
service), as permitted under the regulatory guidance, and are therefore
considered restructurings. Student loan borrowers are allowed in-school
deferments, plus an automatic six month grace period post in-school status,
before repayment is scheduled to begin, and these deferments do not count toward
the maximum allowable forbearance. As all student loans purchased are fully
insured, the Company does not expect to experience a loss on these loans and
interest continues to accrue on these TDRs during any deferment and forbearance
periods.   
  13  

A summary of loans that were modified
under the terms of a TDR during the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 is shown below by class (dollars in thousands). The
Post-Modification Recorded Balance reflects the period end balances, inclusive
of any interest capitalized to principal, partial principal pay downs, and
principal charge-offs since the modification date. Loans modified as TDRs that
were fully paid down, charged-off, or foreclosed upon by period end are not
reported.  

For three
      months ended   
      
       For three
      months ended    

September 30,
    2016   
      
       September 30,
    2015    

Pre-   
      
       Post-   

Pre-   
      
       Post-    

Modification   
      
       Modification   

Modification   
      
       Modification    

Number   
      
       Recorded   
      
       Recorded   
      
       Number   
       
       Recorded   
      
       Recorded    

of
      Loans   
        
       Balance   
        
       Balance   
        
       of
      Loans   
        
       Balance   
        
       Balance    
   
       Loans modified at below market rates   

Student loans purchased  
      
      12  
      
      $  
      134  
      
      $  
      134  
      
      0  
      
      $  
      -  
      
      $  
      -   
   
      Total loans
      modified during the period  
      
      12  
      
      $  
      134  
      
      $  
      134  
      
      0  
      
      $  
      -  
      
      $  
       -      

For nine
      months ended   
      
       For nine
      months ended    

September 30,
    2016   
      
       September 30,
    2015    

Pre-   
      
       Post-   

Pre-   
      
       Post-    

Modification   
      
       Modification   

Modification   
      
       Modification    

Number   
      
       Recorded   
      
       Recorded   
      
       Number   
      
       Recorded   
      
       Recorded    

of
      Loans   
       
       Balance   
      
       Balance   
      
       of
      Loans   
      
       Balance   
      
       Balance    
   
       Loans modified at below market rates   

Student loans purchased  
       
      50  
      
      $  
      847  
      
      $  
      868  
      
      0  
      
      $  
      -  
      
      $  
      -   
   
      Total loans
      modified during the period  
      
      50  
      
      $  
      847  
      
      $  
      868  
      
      0  
      
      $  
      -  
       
      $  
       -        
  The following provides a summary, by
class, of TDRs that continue to accrue interest under the terms of the
restructuring agreement, which are considered to be performing, and TDRs that
have been placed in non-accrual status, which are considered to be nonperforming
(dollars in thousands).   
  
  There were no loans modified as TDRs
that subsequently defaulted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 that were modified as TDRs during the twelve months prior to default.
  
  There were no loans secured by 1-4
family residential property that were in the process of foreclosure at either
September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.     
  14  

Note 4. Allowance for Loan Losses
   
  The allowance for loan losses is
maintained at a level which, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb
probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The amount of the
allowance is based on management s quarterly evaluation of the collectability of
the loan portfolio, credit concentrations, historical loss experience, specific
impaired loans, and economic conditions. To determine the total allowance for
loan losses, the Company estimates the reserves needed for each segment of the
portfolio, including loans analyzed individually and loans analyzed on a pooled
basis. Allowances for impaired loans are generally determined based on
collateral values or the present value of estimated cash flows.  
  For purposes of determining the
allowance for loan losses, the Company has segmented certain loans in the
portfolio by product type. Within these segments, the Company has sub-segmented
its portfolio by classes within the segments, based on the associated risks
within these classes. As explained below, beginning with the quarter ended June
30, 2016, the classes have been expanded for more granularity in determining
risks and losses inherent in the loan portfolio.  

Loan Classes by Segments     
   
      Commercial loan
      segment:   
   
           Commercial and industrial -
    organic   
   
           Commercial and industrial -
      syndicated   

Real estate
      construction and land loan segment:   
   
           Residential construction   
   
           Commercial construction   
   
           Land and land development   

Real estate
      mortgage loan segment:   
   
           1-4 family residential, first lien,
      investment   
   
           1-4 family residential, first lien, owner
      occupied   
   
           1-4 family residential, junior
    lien   
   
           Home equity lines of credit, first
      lien   
   
           Home equity lines of credit, junior
      lien   
   
           Farm   
   
           Multifamily   
   
           Commercial owner occupied   
   
           Commercial non-owner occupied   

Consumer loan
      segment:   
   
           Consumer revolving credit   
   
           Consumer all other credit   
   
           Student loans
  purchased    
 
  Beginning with the quarter ended June
30, 2016, management enhanced its methodology for determining the quantitative
risk assigned to unimpaired loans in order to capture historical loss
information at the loan level, track loss migration through risk grade
deterioration, and increase efficiencies related to performing the calculations.
Prior to June 30, 2016, under the Bank's allowance model, each loan class was
assigned a quantitative loss factor that was primarily based on a rolling
twelve-quarter look-back at historical losses for that class. Under the new
methodology, the quantitative risk factor for each loan class primarily utilizes
a migration analysis loss method based on loss history for the prior twelve
quarters.  
  The migration analysis loss method is
used for all loan classes except for the following:   

Student loans purchased are fully
      insured for loss by a surety bond that the Company purchased at the same
      time that each package of loans was acquired in 2015, and the Company has
      not experienced any losses in this class to date. In addition to the
      insurance, the Company holds a deposit reserve account to offset any
      losses resulting from the breach of any representations or warranties by
      the seller. Qualitative factors are applied, and the calculated reserve is
      net of any deposit reserve accounts.    

Prior to the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there was not an established loss history in the commercial
and industrial syndicated loans. The S P credit and recovery ratings on the credit facilities were utilized to
calculate a three-year weighted average historical default rate. During the quarter, there was a small loss in
the commercial and industrial syndicated loans; therefore, the Company utilized a combination of the
migration analysis loss method and the S P credit and recovery ratings.     
  15  

Under the historical loss method,
quarterly loss rates are calculated for each class by dividing the cumulative
gross charge-offs for the past twelve quarters by the average loan balances for
the past twelve quarters. Under the migration analysis method, average loss
rates are calculated at the risk grade and class levels by dividing the
twelve-quarter average net charge-off amount by the twelve-quarter average loan
balances. Qualitative factors are combined with these quantitative factors to
arrive at the overall general allowances.  
  In addition to the movement to the
migration analysis method, the following other changes were implemented for the
quarter ended June 30, 2016:   

The number of classes increased
      from twelve to seventeen to provide greater loan level detail.

Previously the risk rating
       Watch  was included in the  Pass  pool. The  Watch  risk rating was
      separated to account for the higher level of risk associated with this
      risk rating.     

A minimum qualitative loss factor
      has been applied to the  Good  risk ratings in an abundance of caution.
      Previously a loan loss reserve had not been applied to loans risk rated
       Good  however, management deemed a nominal reserve as prudent.
           
  The following table represents the
effect of the changes in methodology from that used in prior periods on the
provision for (recovery of) loan losses through the nine months ended September
30, 2016 (dollars in thousands):   

The Company s internal creditworthiness
grading system is based on experiences with similarly graded loans. Higher
risk-rated credits are reviewed quarterly by experienced senior lenders based on
each borrower s situation. Additionally, internal monitoring and review of
credits is conducted on an annual basis, and a percentage of the loan portfolio
is reviewed by an external loan review group.  
  16  

Loans that trend upward on the risk
ratings scale, toward more positive risk ratings, generally exhibit lower risk
factor characteristics. Conversely, loans that migrate toward more negative
ratings generally will result in a higher risk factor being applied to those
related loan balances.   
    Risk Ratings and Historical Loss
Factor Assigned         
   Excellent    
  0% historical loss factor applied, as these loans are secured by cash and
represent a minimal risk. The Company has never experienced a loss within this
category.   
   Good    
  0% historical loss factor applied, as these loans represent a low risk
and are secured by marketable collateral within margin. The Company has never
experienced a loss within this category.   
   Pass    
  Historical loss factor for loans rated  Pass  is applied to current
balances of like-rated loans, pooled by class. Loans with the following risk
ratings are pooled by class and considered together as  Pass :   
   Satisfactory    - modest risk
loans where the borrower has strong and liquid financial statements and more
than adequate cash flow 

   Average      average risk loans where the
borrower has reasonable debt service capacity  
   Marginal      acceptable risk loans where
the borrower has acceptable financial statements but is leveraged  

   Watch    
  These loans have an acceptable risk but require more attention than
normal servicing. Historical loss factor for loans rated  Watch  is applied to
current balances of like-rated loans pooled by class.   
   Special Mention    
  These potential problem loans are currently protected but are potentially
weak. Historical loss factor for loans rated  Special Mention  is applied to
current balances of like-rated loans pooled by class.   
   Substandard    
  These problem loans are inadequately protected by the sound worth and
paying capacity of the borrower and/or the value of any collateral pledged.
These loans may be considered impaired and evaluated on an individual basis.
Otherwise, a historical loss factor for loans rated  Substandard  is applied to
current balances of all other  Substandard  loans pooled by class.   
   Doubtful    
  Loans with this rating have significant deterioration in the sound worth
and paying capacity of the borrower and/or the value of any collateral pledged,
making collection or liquidation of the loan in full highly questionable. These
loans would be considered impaired and evaluated on an individual
basis.  
  17   

The following represents the loan
portfolio designated by the internal risk ratings assigned to each credit as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands). There were no
loans rated  Doubtful  as of either period.   
  
  18   

In addition, the adequacy of the
Company s allowance for loan losses is evaluated through reference to eight
qualitative factors, listed below and ranked in order of importance:   

1)       
      Changes in national and local
      economic conditions, including the condition of various market
      segments   

2)  
      Changes in the value of
      underlying collateral   

3)  
      Changes in volume of classified
      assets, measured as a percentage of capital   

4)  
      Changes in volume of delinquent
      loans   

5)  
      The existence and effect of any
      concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such
      concentrations   

6)  
      Changes in lending policies and
      procedures, including underwriting standards   

7)  
      Changes in the experience,
      ability and depth of lending management and staff   

8)  
      Changes in the level of policy
      exceptions    
  It has been the Company s experience
that the first five factors drive losses to a much greater extent than the last
three factors; therefore, the first five factors are weighted more heavily.
Qualitative factors are not assessed against loans rated  Excellent  since these
are fully collateralized by cash. Beginning in the second quarter of 2016, a
nominal qualitative factor has been assigned to loans rated  Good,  as discussed
above.   
  For each segment and class of loans,
management must exercise significant judgment to determine the estimation method
that fits the credit risk characteristics of its various segments. Although this
evaluation is inherently subjective, qualified management utilizes its
significant knowledge and experience related to both the Bank s market and the history of
the Company s loan losses.   
  Impaired loans are individually
evaluated and, if deemed appropriate, a specific allocation is made for these
loans. In reviewing the loans classified as impaired loans totaling $2.4 million
at September 30, 2016, there was no specific valuation allowance on any of these
loans after consideration was given for each borrowing as to the fair value of
the collateral on the loan or the present value of expected future cash flows
from the borrower.  
  19   

A summary of the transactions in the
Allowance for Loan Losses by loan portfolio segment for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 appears below (dollars
in thousands):   
   As of and for the period ended
September 30, 2016   
  
  As previously mentioned, one of the
major factors that the Company uses in evaluating the adequacy of its allowance
for loan losses is changes in the volume of delinquent loans. Management
monitors payment activity on a regular basis. For all classes of loans, the
Company considers the entire balance of the loan to be contractually delinquent
if the minimum payment is not received by the due date. Interest and fees
continue to accrue on past due loans until they are changed to non-accrual
status.  
  20   

The following tables show the aging of
past due loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Also included are
loans that are 90 or more days past due but still accruing, because they are
well secured and in the process of collection. (Dollars below reported in
thousands.)   
  
  21   

Note 5. Intangible Assets
   
  On February 1, 2016 (the  Effective
Date ), VNB Wealth purchased the book of business, including interest in the
client relationships, ( Purchased Relationships ), from a current officer (the
 Seller ) of VNB Wealth pursuant to an employment and asset purchase agreement
(the  Purchase Agreement ). Prior to becoming an employee of VNB Wealth and
until the Effective Date of the sale, the Seller provided services to these
Purchased Relationships as a sole proprietor. As of January 15, 2016, the fair
value of the assets under management associated with the Purchased Relationships
totaled $31.5 million. Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Company
will receive all future revenue for brokerage, investment management, advisory,
insurance, consulting, trust and related services performed for the Purchased
Relationships.  
  The purchase price of $1.2 million will
be paid over a five year period. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company
recognized goodwill and other intangible assets arising from this purchase. As
required under ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations,  using the acquisition
method of accounting, below is a summary of the net asset values, as determined
by an independent third party, based on the fair value measurements and the
purchase price. The intangible assets identified below will be amortized using a
straight line method over the estimated useful life, and the amortized cost will
be shown as noninterest expense. In accordance with ASC 350,
 Intangibles-Goodwill and Other,  the Company will review the carrying value of
indefinite lived goodwill at least annually or more frequently if certain
impairment indicators exist. (Dollars below reported in thousands.)   
  
  Through the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recognized $68 thousand in amortization expense from these
identified intangible assets with a finite life. The net carrying value of $705
thousand will be recognized as amortization expense in future reporting periods
through 2026. The following shows the gross and net balance of these intangible
assets as of September 30, 2016. (Dollars below reported in thousands.)

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
carried a contingent liability of $445 thousand, representing the net of the
fair value of the purchase price, less the initial payment made on the Effective
Date to the Seller. The remaining four annual payments as delineated in the
Purchase Agreement will be paid from this liability.  
  22   

Note 6. Net Income Per Share and
Stock Repurchase Program    
  On September 22, 2014, the Company
announced the approval by its Board of Directors of a stock repurchase program
authorizing repurchase of up to 400,000 shares of the Company's common shares
through September 18, 2015. The Company announced on September 21, 2015 that its
Board of Directors extended the program for another year. A total of 343,559
shares at a weighted average price of $22.89 per share were repurchased through
the program. The program expired on September 18, 2016.  
  The following shows the weighted
average number of shares used in computing net income per common share and the
effect on the weighted average number of shares of diluted potential common
stock for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Potential
dilutive common stock equivalents have no effect on net income available to
common shareholders. (Dollars below reported in thousands except per share
data.)   
  
  For the periods ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, option shares totaling 59,110 and 124,754,
respectively, were considered anti-dilutive and were excluded from this
calculation.       
   Note 7. Stock Incentive Plans
   
  At the Annual Shareholders Meeting on
May 21, 2014, shareholders approved the Virginia National Bankshares Corporation
2014 Stock Incentive Plan ( 2014 Plan ). The 2014 Plan makes available up to
250,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be issued to plan participants.
Similar to the Company s 2003 Stock Incentive Plan ( 2003 Plan ) and 2005 Stock
Incentive Plan ( 2005 Plan ), the 2014 Plan provides for granting of both
incentive and nonqualified stock options, as well as restricted stock and other
stock based awards. No new grants will be issued under the 2003 Plan or the 2005
Plan as these plans have expired.  
  For all of the Company s stock
incentive plans (the  Plans ), the option price of incentive stock options will
not be less than the fair value of the stock at the time an option is granted.
Nonqualified stock options may be granted at prices established by the Board of
Directors, including prices less than the fair value on the date of grant.
Outstanding stock options generally expire in ten years from the grant date.
Stock options generally vest by the fourth or fifth anniversary of the date of
the grant.  
  23   

A summary of the shares issued and available under each of the Plans is shown below as of September 30, 2016. Although
the 2003 Plan and 2005 Plan have expired and no new grants will be issued under these plans, there were options issued
before the plans expired which are still outstanding as shown below.  

The Company accounts for all of its stock incentive plans under recognition and measurement accounting principles which
require that the compensation cost relating to stock-based payment transactions be recognized in the financial statements.
Stock-based compensation arrangements include stock options and restricted stock. All stock-based payments to
employees are required to be valued at a fair value on the date of grant and expensed based on that fair value over the
applicable vesting period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $20
thousand and $22 thousand, respectively, in compensation expense for stock options. As of September 30, 2016, there was
$15 thousand in unamortized compensation expense remaining to be recognized in future reporting periods through 2017.  
   Stock Options    
  Changes in the stock options
outstanding related to all of the Plans are summarized as follows (dollars in
thousands except per share data):  

The fair value of any grant is
estimated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes pricing model. There were no
stock option grants during the first nine months of 2016 or during the twelve
months ended December 31, 2015.       
  24   

Summary information pertaining to
options outstanding at September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

Restricted Stock    
  There were no restricted stock grants
outstanding throughout 2015 or as of September 30, 2016. No restricted stock
grants were awarded during 2015 or the first nine months of 2016.     
   Note 8. Fair Value Measurements
   
   Determination of Fair Value
   
  The Company follows ASC 820,  Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures,  to record fair value adjustments to certain
assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. This
codification clarifies that the fair value of a financial instrument is the
price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair
value is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many
instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various financial
instruments. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values
are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those
techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the
discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly, the fair value
estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument.
  
  The fair value guidance provides a
consistent definition of fair value, which focuses on exit price in an orderly
transaction (that is, not a forced liquidation or distressed sale) between
market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. If
there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for
the asset or liability, a change in valuation technique or the use of multiple
valuation techniques may be appropriate. In such instances, determining the
price at which willing market participants would transact at the measurement
date under current market conditions depends on the facts and circumstances and
requires the use of significant judgment. The fair value is a reasonable point
within the range that is most representative of fair value under current market
conditions.   
   Fair Value Hierarchy    
  In accordance with this guidance, the
Company groups its financial assets and financial liabilities generally measured
at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and
liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to determine
fair value.   

Level 1     
     
        Valuation is based on quoted
      prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2     
     
        Valuation is based on observable
      inputs including quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and
      liabilities, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities
      in less active markets, and model-based valuation techniques for which
      significant assumptions can be derived primarily from or corroborated by
      observable data in the market.     

Level 3     
     
        Valuation is based on model-based
      techniques that use one or more significant inputs or assumptions that are
      unobservable in the market       
  The following describes the valuation
techniques used by the Company to measure certain financial assets and
liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated
financial statements:   
   Securities available for sale
   
  Securities available for sale are
recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value measurement is based
upon quoted market prices, when available (Level 1). If quoted market prices are
not available, fair values are measured utilizing independent valuation
techniques of identical or similar securities for which significant assumptions
are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable market data. Third
party vendors compile prices from various sources and may determine the fair
value of identical or similar securities by using pricing models that consider
observable market data (Level 2).  
  25   

The following tables present the
balances measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):  
  
  Certain assets are measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. Adjustments to the fair
value of these assets usually result from the application of
lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write downs of individual assets. The
following describes the valuation techniques used by the Company to measure
certain assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in the
consolidated financial statements:  
   Impaired Loans    
  Loans are designated as impaired when,
in the judgment of management based on current information and events, it is
probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan
agreement will not be collected when due. The measurement of loss associated
with impaired loans can be based on either the observable market price of the
loan or the fair value of the collateral. Collateral may be in the form of real
estate or business assets including equipment, inventory, and accounts
receivable. The vast majority of the collateral is real estate. The value of
real estate collateral is determined utilizing an income or market valuation
approach based on an appraisal conducted by an independent, licensed appraiser
outside of the Company using observable market data (Level 2). However, if the
collateral value is significantly adjusted due to differences in the comparable
properties, or is discounted by the Company because of marketability, then the
fair value is considered Level 3.  
  The value of business equipment is
based upon an outside appraisal if deemed significant, or the net book value on
the applicable business  financial statements if not considered significant.
Likewise, values for inventory and accounts receivables collateral are based on
financial statement balances or aging reports (Level 3).  
  26   

Impaired loans allocated to the
Allowance for Loan Losses are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.
Any fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred as provision for
loan losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company had $2.4
million and $1.6 million in impaired loans as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. None of these impaired loans required a valuation
allowance after consideration was given for each borrowing as to the fair value
of the collateral on the loan or the present value of expected future cash flows
from the customer.   
   Other Real Estate
Owned   
  Other real estate owned ( OREO ) is
measured at fair value less cost to sell, based on an appraisal conducted by an
independent, licensed appraiser outside of the Company. If the collateral value
is significantly adjusted due to differences in the comparable properties, or is
discounted by the Company because of marketability, then the fair value is
considered Level 3. OREO is measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Any
initial fair value adjustment is charged against the Allowance for Loan Losses.
Subsequent fair value adjustments are recorded in the period incurred and
included in other noninterest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no OREO
property.   
  ASC 825,  Financial Instruments, 
requires disclosures about fair value of financial instruments for interim
periods and excludes certain financial instruments and all non-financial
instruments from its disclosure requirements. Accordingly, the aggregate fair
value amounts presented may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value
of the Company.   
   Cash and cash equivalents
   
  For those short-term instruments,
including cash, due from banks, federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits
maturing within ninety days, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of
fair value.   
   Securities    
  Fair values for securities, excluding
restricted securities, are based on third party vendor pricing models. The
carrying value of restricted securities consists of stock in FRB, FHLB, and
CBBFC and is based on the redemption provisions of each entity and therefore
excluded from the following table.   
   Loans    
  The fair value of performing loans is
estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which
similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar remaining maturities. This
calculation ignores loan fees and certain factors affecting the interest rates
charged on various loans, such as the borrower s creditworthiness and
compensating balances and dissimilar types of real estate held as collateral.
The fair value of impaired loans is measured as described within the Impaired
Loans section of this note.   
   Bank owned life insurance
   
  The carrying amounts of bank owned life
insurance approximate fair value.   
   Accrued interest    
  The carrying amounts of accrued
interest approximate fair value.   
   Deposit liabilities    
  The fair value of demand deposits,
savings accounts, and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on
demand at the reporting date. The fair value of fixed-maturity certificates of
deposit is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates
currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities.  
   Securities sold under agreements to
repurchase    
  The carrying amounts of securities sold
under agreements to repurchase approximate fair value.   
   Off-balance sheet financial
instruments    
  Fair values for off-balance-sheet,
credit-related financial instruments are based on fees currently charged to
enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the
agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. For the reporting period,
the fair value of unfunded loan commitments and standby letters of credit were
deemed to be immaterial and therefore, they have not been included in the
following tables.   
  27   

The carrying values and estimated fair
values of the Company's financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 are as follows (dollars in thousands):   
  
  28   

The Company assumes interest rate risk
(the risk that general interest rate levels will change) as a result of its
normal operations. As a result, the fair values of the Company s financial
instruments will change when interest rate levels change, and that change may be
either favorable or unfavorable to the Company. Management attempts to match
maturities of assets and liabilities to the extent believed necessary to
minimize interest rate risk; however, borrowers with fixed rate obligations are
less likely to prepay in a rising rate environment and more likely to prepay in
a falling rate environment. Conversely, depositors who are receiving fixed rates
are more likely to withdraw funds before maturity in a rising rate environment
and less likely to do so in a falling rate environment. Management monitors
rates and maturities of assets and liabilities and attempts to minimize interest
rate risk by adjusting terms of new loans and deposits and by investing in
securities with terms that mitigate the Company s overall interest rate risk.
  
   Note 9. Other Comprehensive
Income      
  A component of the Company s other
comprehensive income, in addition to net income from operations, is the
recognition of the unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities,
net of income taxes. Reclassifications of realized gains and losses on available
for sale securities are reported in the income statement as  Gains on sales of
securities  with the corresponding income tax effect reflected as a component of
income tax expense. Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
income are presented below for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (dollars in thousands):   

Note 10. Segment Reporting
   
  Virginia National Bankshares
Corporation has two reportable segments, the Bank and VNB Wealth.  
  The Bank s commercial banking segment involves making loans and generating deposits from individuals, businesses and
charitable organizations. Loan fee income, service charges from deposit accounts, and other non-interest-related fees such
as fees for debit cards and ATM usage and fees for treasury management services generate additional income for this
segment.  
  The VNB Wealth segment includes (a)
trust income from the investment management, wealth advisory and trust and
estate services offered by VNBTrust, comprised of both management fees and
performance fees, and (b) brokerage and insurance income from retail brokerage,
investment advisory, annuity and insurance services offered under the name of
VNB Investment Services.   
  A management fee for administrative and
technology support services provided by the Bank is charged to VNB Wealth. For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, management fees
of $75 thousand and $101 thousand, respectively, were charged to VNB Wealth and
eliminated in consolidated totals. The VNB Wealth total assets as shown in the
following tables represent the assets of VNB Wealth and should not be confused
with client assets under management.   
  The accounting policies of the segments
are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting
policies provided earlier in this report. Each reportable segment is a strategic
business unit that offers different products and services. They are managed
separately, because each segment appeals to different markets and, accordingly,
require different technology and marketing strategies.  
  29   

Segment information for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is shown in the following tables
(dollars in thousands):   

30   

ITEM
      2.    
       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
      AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
  OPERATIONS      
  The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s consolidated
financial statements, and notes thereto, for the year ended December 31, 2015,
included in the Company s 2015 Form 10-K. Operating results for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the
results for the year ending December 31, 2016 or any future period.   
   FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND
FACTORS THAT COULD AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS    
  Certain statements contained or
incorporated by reference in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q,
including       but not limited to, statements concerning future results of operations or
financial position, borrowing capacity and future liquidity, future investment
results, future credit exposure, future loan losses and plans and objectives for
future operations, change in laws and regulations applicable to the Company and
its subsidiaries, adequacy of funding sources, actuarial expected benefit
payment, valuation of foreclosed assets, regulatory requirements, economic
environment and other statements contained herein regarding matters that are not
historical facts, are  forward-looking statements  as defined in the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements are often characterized by use of
qualified words such as  expect,   believe,   estimate,   project, 
 anticipate,   intend,   will,   should  or words of similar meaning or other
statements concerning the opinions or judgment of the Company and its management
about future events. These statements are not historical facts but instead are
subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, and represent only our
belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently
uncertain and outside our control. Any forward-looking statements made by the
Company speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. Our actual
results and financial position may differ materially from the anticipated
results and financial condition indicated in or implied by these forward-looking
statements. The Company makes no commitment to update or revise forward-looking
statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events or changes
in expectations.   
  Factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, the following: inflation, interest rates,
market and monetary fluctuations; geopolitical developments including acts of
war and terrorism and their impact on economic conditions; the effects of, and
changes in, trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest
rate policies of the Federal Reserve Board; changes, particularly declines, in
general economic conditions and in the local economies in which the Company
operates; the financial condition of the Company s borrowers; competitive
pressures on loan and deposit pricing and demand; changes in technology and
their impact on the marketing of new products and services and the acceptance of
these products and services by new and existing customers; the willingness of
customers to substitute competitors  products and services for the Company s
products and services; the impact of changes in financial services laws and
regulations (including laws concerning taxes, banking, securities and
insurance); changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines; other
risks and uncertainties described from time to time in press releases and other
public filings; and the Company s performance in managing the risks involved in
any of the foregoing. The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive,
and the Company will not update any forward-looking statement, whether written
or oral, that may be made from time to time.   
   APPLICATION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING
POLICIES AND ESTIMATES      
  The accounting and reporting policies
followed by the Company conform, in all material respects, to GAAP and to
general practices within the financial services industry. The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and accompanying notes. While the Company bases estimates on
historical experience, current information and other factors deemed to be
relevant, actual results could differ from those estimates.   
  The Company considers accounting
estimates to be critical to reported financial results if (i) the accounting
estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that are highly
uncertain, and (ii) different estimates that management reasonably could have
used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the
accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period,
could have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.
The Company s accounting policies are fundamental to understanding management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations.  
  As discussed earlier under  Allowance for Loan Losses  in Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
beginning with the second quarter of 2016, the Company made significant changes related to determining the allowance for
loan losses. The Company s movement from a historical loss rate methodology to the more complex loss migration analysis,
which is a more robust method, will better equip the bank to comply with upcoming regulatory changes. Concurrent with the
change in the methodology used, the loan portfolio was further segmented by loan classes and by risk ratings to provide
greater loan level detail. There have been no other significant changes in the Company s application of critical accounting
policies since December 31, 2015. For additional information regarding other critical accounting policies, refer to the
Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Critical Accounting Estimates section under Item 7 in the 2015 Form 10-K.  
  31  

FINANCIAL CONDITION    
   Total assets   
  The total assets of the Company as of September 30, 2016 were $569.5 million. This is a $2.0 million increase from the
$567.5 million total assets reported at December 31, 2015 and a $20.7 million increase from the $548.8 million reported at
September 30, 2015. The year-over-year net growth in assets was funded largely by expansion in deposits totaling $23.5
million, while repurchase agreement sweep balances contracted by $5.9 million over that period. Total deposits and
repurchase agreement sweep balances totaled $508.7 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $17.6 million from the
$491.1 million at September 30, 2015 and fairly level with the $509.6 million at December 31, 2015.  
   Federal funds sold      
  The Company had overnight federal funds
sold of $32.9 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $29.3 million at
December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2015, the Company had overnight federal
funds sold of $5.3 million. Any excess funds are sold on a daily basis in the
federal funds market. The Company intends to maintain sufficient liquidity at
all times to meet its funding commitments.  
  The Company continues to participate in
the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond s Excess Balance Account ( EBA ). The EBA
is a limited-purpose account at the Federal Reserve Bank for the maintenance of
excess cash balances held by financial institutions. The Federal Reserve Bank
requires the Company to have its participation in the EBA program managed by a
pass-through correspondent bank. The Company s pass-through correspondent is
Community Bankers Bank of Midlothian, Virginia. The EBA eliminates the potential
of concentration risk that comes with depositing excess balances with one or
multiple correspondent banks. Balances on deposit in the EBA are considered to
be on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank, with the correspondent bank acting
 as agent.  Balances in the EBA cannot be used to satisfy reserve balance
requirements or contractual clearing agreements with the Federal Reserve
Bank.  
   Securities      
  The Company s investment securities
portfolio as of September 30, 2016 totaled $72.2 million, a decrease of $4.3
million from the $76.5 million reported at December 31, 2015 and a decrease of
$44.8 million from the $117.0 million reported at September 30, 2015. Management
continues to focus on maximizing the earning capacity of the Company. As loan
funding needs have increased over the past year, lower earning securities have
been sold in order to deploy these funds to higher earning loans. At September
30, 2016, the investment securities holdings represented 12.7% of the Company s
total assets, a decrease from the 13.5% and 21.3% of total assets at December
31, 2015 and September 30, 2015, respectively.  
  The Company s investment securities
portfolio included restricted securities totaling $1.7 million as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. These securities represent stock in the Federal
Reserve Bank of Richmond ( FRB-R ), the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta
( FHLB-A ), and CBB Financial Corporation ( CBBFC ), the holding company for
Community Bankers Bank. The level of FRB-R and FHLB-A stock that the Company is
required to hold is determined in accordance with membership guidelines provided
by the Federal Reserve Bank Board of Governors or the Federal Home Loan Bank of
Atlanta. Stock ownership in the bank holding company for Community Bankers  Bank
provides the Bank with several benefits that are not available to
non-shareholder correspondent banks. None of these restricted securities are
traded on the open market and can only be redeemed by the respective
issuer.  
  At September 30, 2016, the unrestricted
securities portfolio totaled $70.4 million. The following table summarizes the
Company's available for sale securities by type as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):   
  
   Loan portfolio      
  A management objective is to grow loan balances while maintaining the asset quality of the loan portfolio. The Company
seeks to achieve this objective by maintaining rigorous underwriting standards coupled with regular evaluation of the
creditworthiness of and the designation of lending limits for each borrower. The portfolio strategies include seeking industry,
loan size, and loan type diversification in order to minimize credit exposure and originating loans in markets with which the
Company is familiar. The predominant market area for loans includes Charlottesville, Albemarle County, Orange County, Harrisonburg, Winchester, Frederick
County and areas in the Commonwealth of Virginia that are within a 75 mile
radius of any Virginia National Bank office.  
  32  

As of September 30, 2016, total loans
were $430.9 million, an increase of $7.2 million from the balance of $423.7
million as of December 31, 2015 and an increase of $40.8 million from the $390.1
million at September 30, 2015. Loans as a percentage of total assets at
September 30, 2016 were 75.7%, compared to 71.1% as of September 30, 2015. Loans
as a percentage of deposits at September 30, 2016 were 87.0%, a 4.3 percentage
point improvement over the 82.7% ratio as of the year prior.   
  From the $289.6 million outstanding at
September 30, 2014, gross loans have increased $141.3 million, or 48.8%. Over
the two year period, the significant loan growth was attributable to
approximately $89.3 million in net organic loan growth, supplemented by
purchases of syndicated loans and student loans, with balances outstanding of
$18.5 million and $33.5 million, respectively, as of September 30, 2016. The
purchase of loans is considered a secondary strategy, which allows the Company
to supplement organic loan growth and enhance earnings. Syndicated loans
represent shared national credits in leveraged lending transactions and are
included in the commercial and industrial portfolio. The Company has developed
policies to limit overall credit exposure to the syndicated market, as well as
limits by industry and amount per borrower. The first package of student loans
totaling $10.8 million was purchased late in the second quarter of 2015. The
purchase of a second student loan package totaling $25.6 million closed in the
fourth quarter of 2015. Along with the purchase of these student loans, the
Company purchased a surety bond that fully insures this portion of the Company s
consumer portfolio.   
  While the increase in loan balances
slowed to a modest $7.2 million during the first three quarters of 2016, after
experiencing significant loan growth in each of the prior five quarters, the
benefit from the expansion in these higher yielding assets should continue to
strengthen earnings in 2016.  
  The following table summarizes the
Company's loan portfolio by type of loan as of September 30, 2016, December 31,
2015, and September 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands):   
 
   Loan quality      
  Non-accrual loans remained low and
totaled $173 thousand at September 30, 2016, compared to the $191 thousand and
$245 thousand reported at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2015,
respectively.   
  At September 30, 2016, the Company had
loans in the amount of $2.4 million classified as impaired loans. Of this total,
$2.3 million were Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) which are still accruing
interest. Based on newly issued regulatory guidance on Student Lending, the
Company has classified 50 of its purchased student loans as TDRs for a total of
$868 thousand as of September 30, 2016. These borrowers that should have been in
repayment have requested and been granted payment extensions or reductions
exceeding the maximum lifetime allowable payment forbearance of twelve months
(36 months lifetime allowance for military service), as permitted under the
regulatory guidance, and are therefore considered restructurings. Student loan
borrowers are allowed in-school deferments, plus an automatic six month grace
period post in-school status, before repayment is scheduled to begin, and these
deferments do not count toward the maximum allowable forbearance. As all student
loans purchased are fully insured, the Company does not expect to experience a
loss on these loans and interest continues to accrue on these TDRs during any
deferment and forbearance periods.  
  At December 31, 2015, the Company had
loans totaling $1.6 million classified as impaired loans, of which, $1.4 million
were TDRs which were still accruing interest. At September 30, 2015, the Company
had loans in the amount of $1.7 million classified as impaired loans, of which
$1.4 million were TDRs which were still accruing interest.  
  The Company had loans totaling $389
thousand and $51 thousand that were past due ninety or more days and still
accruing interest in its portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The Company had no loans past due ninety or more days and still
accruing interest in its portfolio as of December 31, 2015.   
  Management identifies potential problem
loans through its periodic loan review process and considers potential problem
loans as those loans classified as special mention, substandard, or doubtful.
  
  33   

Allowance for loan
losses      
  In general, the Company determines the
adequacy of its allowance for loan losses by considering the risk classification
and delinquency status of loans and other factors. Management may also establish
specific allowances for loans which management believes require allowances
greater than those allocated according to their risk classification. The purpose
of the allowance is to     provide for losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Since risks
to the loan portfolio include general economic trends as well as conditions
affecting individual borrowers, the allowance is an estimate. The Company is
committed to determining, on an ongoing basis, the adequacy of its allowance for
loan losses. The Company applies historical loss rates to various pools of loans
based on risk rating classifications. In addition, the adequacy of the allowance
is further evaluated by applying estimates of loss that could be attributable to
any one of the following eight qualitative factors:  

National and local economic
      trends;     

Underlying collateral
      values;     

Loan delinquency status and
      trends;     

Loan risk
      classifications;     

Industry
      concentrations;     

Lending
      policies;     

Experience, ability and depth
      of lending staff; and     

Levels of policy
      exceptions    
  As discussed earlier, beginning with
the second quarter of 2016, the Company moved from a historical loss rate method
to a loss migration model. Migration analysis uses loan level attributes to
track the movement of loans through various risk classifications in order to
estimate the percentage of losses likely in the portfolio. Concurrent with the
change in the methodology used, the loan portfolio was further segmented by loan
classes and by risk ratings to provide greater loan level detail. Management
believes that this new methodology, together with greater data granularity, will
more accurately reflect the potential risks and losses inherent in the loan
portfolio.  
  The relationship of the allowance for
loan losses to total loans at September 30, 2016, December 31, 2015, and
September 30, 2015 appears below (dollars in thousands):   

The allowance for loan losses as a
percentage of total loans at September 30, 2016 of 0.76% was 14 basis points
lower than the 0.90% at September 30, 2015 and is reflective of lower net
charge-offs during the prior twelve quarters and the Company s movement to the
migration loss analysis.  
  A recovery of provision for loan losses
totaling $291 thousand was recorded in the first nine months of 2016, while a
provision for loan losses of $405 thousand was recognized for the first nine
months of 2015. The following is a summary of the changes in the allowance for
loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015
(dollars in thousands):   

34  

For additional insight into
management s approach and methodology in estimating the allowance for loan
losses, please refer to the earlier discussion of  Allowance for Loan Losses  in
Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, where an analysis
shows the effect of the changes in methodology from that used in prior periods
on the recovery of the provision for loan losses. In addition, Note 4 includes
details regarding the rollforward of the allowance by loan portfolio segments.
The rollforward tables indicate the activity for loans that are charged-off,
amounts received from borrowers as recoveries of previously charged-off loan
balances, and the allocation by loan portfolio segment of the provision made
during the period. The events that can positively impact the amount of allowance
in a given loan segment include any one or all of the following: the recovery of
a previously charged-off loan balance; the decline in the amount of classified
or delinquent loans in a loan segment from the previous period, which most
commonly occurs when these loans are repaid or are foreclosed; or when there are
improvements in the ratios used to estimate the probability of loan losses.
Improvements to the ratios could include lower historical loss rates,
improvements to any of the qualitative factors mentioned above, or reduced loss
expectations for individually-classified loans.   
  Management reviews the adequacy of the
Allowance for Loan Losses on a quarterly basis to ensure it is adequate based
upon the calculated potential losses inherent in the portfolio.     Management
believes the allowance for loan losses was adequately provided for as of
September 30, 2016.  
   Premises and
equipment      
  The Company s premises and equipment,
net of depreciation, as of September 30, 2016 totaled $8.2 million compared to
the December 31, 2015 amount of $8.7 million. Premises and equipment are stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed by the
straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of assets. Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. The costs of
major renewals and betterments are capitalized and depreciated over their
estimated useful lives. Upon disposition, assets and related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the books, and any resulting gain or loss is
charged to income.  
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company
and its subsidiaries occupied seven full-service banking facilities in the
cities of Charlottesville and Winchester, as well as the counties of Albemarle
and Orange in Virginia. The Company s lease for the Loudoun Mall banking office
located at 186 North Loudoun Street, Winchester, Virginia expired, and the
Company permanently closed that office on October 28, 2016. Upon its closure,
the Loudoun Mall deposit and loan accounts were automatically transferred to the
Creekside Office, located at 3119 Valley Avenue, Winchester, Virginia, and the
Loudoun Mall staff was relocated to the Creekside Office. The Company is
continuing to search for at least one new branch office location in
Winchester.  
  The multi-story office building at 404
People Place in Charlottesville also serves as the Company s corporate
headquarters and operations center, as well as the principal offices of VNB
Wealth.  
  Both the Arlington Boulevard and People
Place facilities in Charlottesville also contain office space that is currently
under lease to tenants.  
   Deposits and securities sold under
agreement to repurchase      
  Depository accounts represent the
Company s primary source of funds and are comprised of demand deposits,
interest-bearing checking accounts, money market deposit accounts and time
deposits. These deposits have been provided predominantly by individuals,
businesses and charitable organizations in the Charlottesville/Albemarle area,
the Orange County area, and the Winchester area. Total deposits as of September
30, 2016 were $495.2 million, up $8.7 million compared to the balances of $486.5
million at December 31, 2015 and $23.6 million higher than the $471.6 million
total as of September 30, 2015.  
  Noninterest-bearing demand deposits on
September 30, 2016 were $176.1 million, representing 35.6% of total deposits.
Interest-bearing transaction and money market accounts totaled $206.7 million,
and represented 41.7% of total deposits at September 30, 2016. Collectively,
noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing transaction and money market accounts
represented 77.3% of total deposit accounts at September 30, 2016. These account
types are an excellent source of low-cost funding for the Company.  
  Certificates of deposit and other time
deposit accounts totaled $112.4 million at September 30, 2016 and $108.6 million
at December 31, 2015. Included in this deposit total are Certificate of Deposit
Account Registry Service CDs, known as CDARS TM , whereby depositors
can obtain FDIC deposit insurance on account balances of up to $50 million.
CDARS deposits totaled $17.9 million and $17.2 million as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
  Securities sold under agreement to
repurchase are an additional source of funding for the Company and are available
to non-individual accountholders on an overnight term through the Company s
investment sweep product. Under the agreements to repurchase, invested funds are
fully collateralized by security instruments that are pledged on behalf of
customers utilizing this product. Total balances in securities sold under
agreement to repurchase as of September 30, 2016 were $13.5 million, compared to
$23.2 million at December 31, 2015 and $19.4 million as of September 30, 2015.
  
  35   

Shareholders' equity and regulatory
capital ratios      
  The following table displays the
changes in shareholders' equity for the Company from December 31, 2015 to
September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands):   

Effective January 1, 2015, the final
rules adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies to implement the Basel III
regulatory capital rules required the Company and its subsidiaries to comply
with the following new minimum capital ratios: (i) a new common equity Tier 1
capital ratio of 4.50% of risk-weighted assets; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of
6% of risk-weighted assets (increased from the prior requirement of 4.00%);
(iii) a total capital ratio of 8.00% of risk-weighted assets (unchanged from the
prior requirement); and (iv) a leverage ratio of 4.00% of total assets
(unchanged from the prior requirement). These were the initial capital
requirements.  
  Beginning January 1, 2016 a capital
conservation buffer requirement began to be phased in over a four-year period,
beginning at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and increasing annually to 2.50% at
January 1, 2019. Therefore, for the calendar year 2016, this initial 0.625%
buffer effectively results in the minimum (i) common equity Tier 1 capital ratio
of 5.125% of risk-weighted assets; (ii) Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.625% of
risk-weighted assets; and (iii) total capital ratio of 8.625% of risk-weighted
assets. The minimum leverage ratio remains at 4.00%. For additional information
regarding the new capital requirements, refer to the Supervision and Regulation
section, under Item 1. Business, found in the Company s Form 10-K Report for
December 31, 2015.    
  36   

Using the new capital requirements, the
Company s capital ratios remain well above the levels designated by bank
regulators as "well capitalized" at September 30, 2016. Under the current
risk-based capital guidelines of federal regulatory authorities, the Company s
common equity Tier 1 capital ratio and Tier 1 capital ratio are both at 12.33%
of its risk-weighted assets and are well in excess of the minimum capital
requirements of 6.50% and 8.00%, respectively. Additionally, the Company has a
total capital ratio of 13.02% of its risk-weighted assets and leverage ratio of
10.24% of total assets, which are both well in excess of the minimum 10.00% and
5.00% level designated by bank regulators under  well capitalized  capital
guidelines.   
   Stock repurchase
program      
  On September 22, 2014, the Company
announced the approval by its Board of Directors of a stock repurchase program
authorizing repurchase of up to 400,000 shares of the Company's common shares
through the open market or in privately negotiated transactions through
September 18, 2015. The Company announced on September 21, 2015 that its Board
of Directors had extended the program for another year. A total of 343,559
shares at a weighted average price of $22.89 per share have been repurchased
since the beginning of the program. The repurchase program expired in September
2016.   
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
   
   Non-GAAP
presentations      
  The Company, in referring to its net
income and net interest income, is referring to income computed in accordance
with GAAP. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Financial
Condition and Results of Operations also refer to various calculations that are
non-GAAP presentations. They include:   

Fully taxable-equivalent ( FTE ) adjustments            Net interest margin and efficiency ratios are presented
      on an FTE basis, consistent with SEC guidance in Industry Guide 3 which
      states that tax exempt income may be calculated on a tax equivalent basis.
      This is a non-GAAP presentation. The FTE basis adjusts for the tax-exempt
      status of net interest income from certain investments using a federal tax
      rate of 34%, where applicable, to increase tax-exempt interest income to a
      taxable-equivalent basis.      

Net interest margin   
              Net
      interest margin (FTE) is calculated as net interest income, computed on an
      FTE basis, expressed as a percentage of average earning assets. The
      Company believes this measure to be the preferred industry measurement of
      net interest margin and that it enhances comparability of net interest
      margin among peers in the industry.       

Efficiency ratio      One of the
      ratios the Company examines in its evaluation of net income is the
      efficiency ratio, which measures the cost to produce one dollar of
      revenue. The Company computes its efficiency ratio (FTE) by dividing
      noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income (FTE) and
      noninterest income. A lower ratio is an indicator of increased operational
      efficiency. This non-GAAP metric is used to assist investors in
      understanding how management assesses its ability to
      generate revenues from its non-funding-related expense base, as well as to
      align presentation of this financial measure with peers in the industry.
      The Company believes this measure to be the preferred industry measurement
      of operational efficiency, which is consistent with Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) studies.
           
  37   

Although net interest income is
discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis on a GAAP basis, it is shown
in the reconcilement below to aid the reader in understanding the computations
of net interest margin and the efficiency ratio on a non-GAAP basis. A
reconcilement of non-GAAP measures is shown below (dollars in thousands):

Net income      
  Net income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $1.4 million, a 66% increase compared to the $839
thousand reported for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Net income per
diluted share was $0.59 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to
$0.34 per diluted share for the same quarter in the prior year. The $557
thousand increase in net income for the third quarter of 2016 when compared to
the same period of 2015 is attributable to an increase in net interest income of
$361 thousand, an increase in noninterest income of $191 thousand, and a
decrease in noninterest expenses of $323 thousand. Partially offsetting the
increase were an increase of $16 thousand in the provision for loan losses and
an increase of $302 thousand in the provision for income taxes.  
  Net income for the first nine months of
2016 was $4.3 million, or 111% higher than the reported net income of $2.0
million during the same period in 2015. Net income per diluted share for the
nine month period of 2016 was $1.79, or $1.00 higher than the $0.79 per diluted
share reported in the same period of 2015. The $2.2 million increase in net
income during the first nine months of 2016 from the first nine months of 2015
is attributable to several positive factors, including an increase of $1.6
million in net interest income, a decrease of $696 thousand in the provision for
loan losses, an increase of $126 thousand in noninterest income, and a decrease
of $1.1 million in noninterest expense. Partially offsetting the net increase
was an increase of $1.2 million in provision for income taxes.  
   Net interest income      
  Net interest income for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.5 million, a $361 thousand increase
compared to net interest income of $4.2 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. Net interest income was positively impacted by an improved
mix in earning assets as average loans for the third quarter of 2016 were $45.3
million higher than the average loans for the third quarter of 2015, while the
quarterly average balances in lower yielding investments and fed funds decreased
$33.0 million in the year-over-year comparison.   
  Net interest margin (FTE) is the ratio
of net interest income (FTE) to average earning assets for the period. The level
of interest rates, together with the volume and mix of earning assets and
interest-bearing liabilities, impact net interest income and net interest margin
(FTE). The net interest margin (FTE) of 3.41% for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was 19 basis points higher than the 3.22% for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. Refer to the Reconcilement of Non-GAAP Measures table
within the Non-GAAP Presentations section for a reconcilement of GAAP to
non-GAAP net interest margin.   
  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recorded $13.5 million in net interest income, or 13.0% more
than the $11.9 million recorded for the same nine months a year ago. The Bank s
 net interest margin (FTE) for the first three quarters of 2016
was 3.46% or 34 basis points higher than the 3.12% reported for the same period
in 2015.   
  Total interest income was $1.5 million
higher than the prior year, accounting for the year-to-date increase in net
interest income. On average, loan balances comprised 80.2% of the earning assets
for the first three quarters of 2016, an improvement from the 67.8% for the
first three quarters of 2015. This shift resulted in an earning asset yield, as
computed on a tax-equivalent basis, of 3.64% on average earning asset balances
of $524.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The earning
asset yield, as computed on a tax-equivalent basis, was 3.32% on average earning
asset balances of $516.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015
  
  The Company s net interest income
continues to benefit from having one of the lowest cost of funds among community
banks in the country. A table showing the mix of no cost and low cost deposit
accounts is shown under  Financial Condition - Deposits and securities sold
under agreement to repurchase  earlier in this report. Interest expense as a
percentage of average earning assets was 0.18% for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 0.19% for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015.    
  38   

The following tables detail the average
balance sheet, including an analysis of net interest income (FTE) for earning
assets and interest bearing liabilities, for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. These tables also include a rate/volume analysis
for these same periods (dollars in thousands).   

(1)    
            
      Tax-exempt income for
      investment securities has been adjusted to a fully tax-equivalent basis
      (FTE), using a Federal income tax rate of 34%. Refer to the Reconcilement
      of Non-GAAP M easures table within the Non-GAAP Presentations section for
      a reconcilement of GAAP to non-GAAP net interest income and net interest
      margin.   

(2)    
      
      Interest spread is the
      average yield earned on earning assets less the average rate paid on
      interest-bearing liabilities.   

(3)    
      
      Net interest margin
      (FTE) is net interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning
      assets.   

(4)    
      
      The impact on the net
      interest income (FTE) resulting from changes in average balances and
      average rates is shown for the period indicated. The change in interest
      due to both volume and rate has been allocated to volume and rate changes
      in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the
      change in each.    
  39   

Consolidated Average Balance Sheet
And Analysis of Net Interest Income   

(1)    
      Tax-exempt income for investment
      securities has been adjusted to a fully tax-equivalent basis (FTE), using
      a Federal income tax rate of 34%. Refer to the Reconcilement of Non-GAAP Measures table within the Non-GAAP Presentations section for a
      reconcilement of GAAP to non-GAAP net interest income and net interest
      margin.   

(2)    
      Interest spread is the average
      yield earned on earning assets less the average rate paid on
      interest-bearing liabilities.   

(3)    
      Net interest margin (FTE) is net
      interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning
    assets.   

(4)    
      The impact on the net interest
      income (FTE) resulting from changes in average balances and average rates
      is shown for the period indicated. The change in interest due to both
      volume and rate has been allocated to volume and rate changes in
      proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the
      change in each.    
  40   

Provision for loan
losses      
  A provision for loan losses of $104
thousand was recorded in the third quarter of 2016, while a recovery of $395
thousand was recognized for the first six months of the year, for a net recovery
of $291 thousand through the first nine months of 2016. A provision for loan
loss of $88 thousand was recognized for the third quarter of 2015, for a total
provision for loan losses of $405 thousand recognized for the first three
quarters of 2015. This resulted in a positive impact to income of $696 thousand
when comparing year-over-year. Last year s loan loss provision was driven by the
$76.8 million in loan growth during the first three quarters of 2015. As
discussed earlier, beginning with the second quarter of 2016, the Company moved
from a historical loss rate method to a loss migration model. The 2016 recovery
of provision for loan loss is reflective of lower net charge-offs during the
prior twelve quarters, modest growth, and the Company s movement to the
migration loss analysis. Further discussion of management s assessment of the
allowance for loan losses is provided earlier in the report and in Note 4  
Allowance for Loan Losses, found in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. In management s opinion, the allowance was adequately provided for
at September 30, 2016.  
   Noninterest income   
  Noninterest income for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 of $1.4 million was $191 thousand higher compared with
the $1.2 million recorded for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. On a
year-to-date basis, noninterest income of $3.8 million was recognized in the
first nine months of 2016, an increase of $126 thousand from the same period in
2015.  
  The components of noninterest income
for the three and nine months are shown below (dollars in thousands):  
 
  Gains on sales of securities of $189
thousand through the nine months ended September 30, 2016, a $120 thousand
increase compared to $69 thousand in the same period of 2015, contributed to the
year-over-year increase. The purchase of the wealth management book of business,
as discussed earlier under Note 5   Intangible Assets, increased the brokerage
and insurance revenue by $261 thousand from the same nine-month period last
year. Offsetting this increase, VNB Wealth realized $130 thousand less in trust
income and $109 thousand less in royalty income.  
   Noninterest expense      
  Noninterest expense for the third
quarter of 2016 was $3.8 million, a reduction of $323 thousand from the $4.1
million reported in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. For the first nine
months of 2016, noninterest expense contracted by 8.5% to $11.4 million compared
to the $12.4 million recognized in the same period of 2015. The $1.0 million
reduction year-over-year was driven by a $989 thousand decline in salaries and
employee benefits as management continually takes advantage of opportunities to
streamline operations and maximize the efficiency of staff. In addition, 2015
was the last year that the Company accrued for guaranteed bonuses which were
strategically used to retain valued personnel to stabilize the VNB Wealth
Management team during its planned transition. Management continues to evaluate
expenses for potential containments and reductions that would have a
positive impact on net income on an ongoing basis.   
  41   

The components of noninterest expense
for the three and nine months are shown below (dollars in thousands):

The efficiency ratio (FTE) of 63.8% for
the third quarter of 2016 reflected an improvement of 12.2 percentage points
compared to the efficiency ratio (FTE) of 76.0% for the same quarter of 2015.
The efficiency ratio (FTE) of 65.4% for the first nine months of 2016 compared
favorably to the efficiency ratio (FTE) of 78.9% for the first nine months of
2015. The improved asset mix from the significant loan growth experienced last
year added to the revenue stream, while cost reduction strategies lowered
expenses. Refer to the Reconcilement of Non-GAAP Measures table within the
Non-GAAP Presentations section for a reconcilement of GAAP to non-GAAP
efficiency ratio.  
   Provision for Income
Taxes   
  For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company provided $629 thousand and $1.9 million for
Federal income taxes, respectively, resulting in an effective income tax rate of
31.1% for both periods. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
the Company provided $327 thousand and $727 thousand for Federal income taxes,
resulting in an effective income tax rate of 28.0% and 26.5%, respectively. The
effective income tax rates differed from the U.S. statutory rate of 34% during
the comparable periods primarily due to the effect of tax-exempt income from
municipal bonds and life insurance policies. The tax benefits from the
tax-exempt income in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 of $199 thousand and
$226 thousand, respectively, remained fairly constant over the two periods.
However, the higher effective tax rate for 2016 compared to the prior year was a
result of significantly higher net income before taxes that was taxable at the
full statutory rate.  
   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
   
  None   
   ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
  Not required   
   ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
   
  The Company maintains  disclosure
controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), that are designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or
submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission s rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Controller (Acting
Principal Financial Officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.  
  In designing and evaluating its
disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that disclosure
controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and
procedures are met. Additionally, in designing disclosure controls and
procedures, management necessarily is required to apply its judgment in
evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and
procedures. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based
in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and
there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions.   
  Based on their evaluation as of the end
of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Controller (Acting Principal Financial Officer) have
concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the
reasonable assurance level. There was no change in the internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting.   
  42   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
   
  ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  .  
  None   
  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS.  
  Not required   
  ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  .   
  On September 22, 2014, the Company
announced the approval by its Board of Directors of a stock repurchase program
authorizing repurchase of up to 400,000 shares of the Company's common shares
through the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The Company
announced on September 21, 2015 that its Board of Directors extended the program
for another year. A total of 343,559 shares have been purchased since the
beginning of this program. No shares were purchased by the Company during the
third quarter of 2016; however, a total of 55,062 shares have been purchased
since January 1, 2016. The repurchase program expired in September 2016.
  
  The table below represents the number
of shares repurchased by quarter since the Stock Repurchase Program s inception
on September 16, 2014 through its expiration on September 18, 2016.   

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR
SECURITIES.  
  None   
  43   

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.
  
  Not applicable   
  ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.  

  (a) Required
8-K disclosures.   
  None   
  (b) Changes in procedures for director
nominations by security holders.   
  None   
  ITEM 6. EXHIBITS.   

Exhibit Number  
      
      Description of Exhibit  

2.0  
           
      Reorganization Agreement and Plan of Share Exchange,
      dated as of March 6, 2013, between Virginia National Bank and Virginia
      National Bankshares Corporation   a     

3.1  
      
      Articles of Incorporation of
      Virginia National Bankshares Corporation, as amended and restated
        b     

3.2  
      
      Bylaws of
      Virginia National Bankshares Corporation    c    

10.1  
      
      Virginia National Bank 2003 Stock
      Incentive Plan    d    

10.2  
      
      Virginia
      National Bank Amended and Restated 2005 Stock Incentive Plan
         e    

10.3  
      
      Virginia National Bankshares
      Corporation 2014 Stock Incentive Plan    f    

31.1  
      
      302
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer   

31.2  
      
      302 Certification of Acting
      Principal Financial Officer   

32.1  
      
      906
      Certification   

101.0  
      
      Interactive data files pursuant to
      Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
      September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) the  Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and
      nine months ended September   30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, (iii) the Consolidated
      Statements of   Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended
      September 30, 2016 and   September 30, 2015, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of
      Changes in Shareholders    Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
      September 30, 2015, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
      nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 and (vi) the
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (furnished
      herewith).     
 
   a, b, c    Incorporated herein by
reference to Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s Current Report on Form
8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2013.
  
   d    Incorporated herein by reference to Virginia National Bank s Definitive
Proxy Statement, filed with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on
April 24, 2003.     Virginia National Bankshares Corporation assumed this plan on December
16, 2013 upon consummation of the reorganization under the agreement referenced
as Exhibit 2.0.   
   e    Incorporated herein by reference to Virginia National Bank s Definitive
Proxy Statement, filed with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on
March 30, 2006. Virginia National Bankshares Corporation assumed this plan on
December 16, 2013 upon consummation of the reorganization under the agreement
referenced as Exhibit 2.0.   
   f  Incorporated herein by
reference to Virginia National Bankshares Corporation s Definitive Proxy
Statement, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 10, 2014.
  
  44  

SIGNATURES   
  Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

VIRGINIA NATIONAL BANKSHARES
      CORPORATION    

(Registrant)   

By:  
       /s/ Glenn W.
  Rust    

Glenn W. Rust   

President and Chief Executive
      Officer   

Date:        
      November 14, 2016   

By:  
       /s/ Vicki T.
    Miller    

Vicki T. Miller   

Senior Vice President and
      Controller   

Date:  
      November 14,
  2016    
  45  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vnb30097814-ex311.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1    
    CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER         
  I, Glenn W. Rust, certify that:

1.  
             
      I have
      reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Virginia National
      Bankshares Corporation;   

2.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of
      a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
      statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
      were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
      quarterly report;   

3.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects
      the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly
      report;   

4.  
      
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
      control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
             
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others
      within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
      quarterly report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      
      Designed such internal
      control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
      financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles:   

(c)  
      
      Evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness
      of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
      covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation;
and   

(d)  
      
      Disclosed in this
      quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over
      financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
      fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
      annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
      materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting; and   

5.  
      
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
      our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
      to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
      board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
    functions):   

(a)  
      
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.    
  Date:    November 14, 2016

/s/ Glenn W.
      Rust    

Glenn W. Rust   

President and Chief Executive
    Officer     
  46  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vnb30097814-ex312.htm
 302 CERTIFICATION OF ACTING PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2    
    CERTIFICATION OF ACTING PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER         
  I, Vicki T. Miller, certify that:

1.  
             
      I have
      reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Virginia National
      Bankshares Corporation;   

2.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of
      a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
      statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
      were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
      quarterly report;   

3.  
      
      Based on my
      knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
      included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects
      the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
      registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly
      report;   

4.  
      
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for
      establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
      control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
             
      Designed such
      disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
      procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
      information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others
      within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
      quarterly report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      
      Designed such internal
      control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
      financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
      reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
      the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
      accordance with generally accepted accounting principles:   

(c)  
      
      Evaluated the
      effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
      presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness
      of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
      covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation;
and   

(d)  
      
      Disclosed in this
      quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over
      financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
      fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
      annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
      materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting; and   

5.  
      
      The
      registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
      our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
      to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
      board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
    functions):   

(a)  
      
      All significant
      deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
      internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
      adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
      and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      
      Any fraud, whether or
      not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
      significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
      reporting.    
  Date:    November 14, 2016

/s/ Vicki T.
      Miller    

Vicki T. Miller   

Senior Vice President and
    Controller     
  47   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vnb30097814-ex321.htm
 906 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1    
    CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT            TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     
   
  In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation (the  Company ) for the
period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive
Officer and Controller (Acting Principal Financial Officer) of the Company
hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, based on their knowledge and belief: (1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the
Report.  

/s/
          Glenn W. Rust    
   
      Glenn W. Rust, President and Chief Executive
      Officer   

/s/
          Vicki T. Miller    
   
      Vicki T. Miller, Senior Vice President and
      Controller      
  November 14, 2016  
  48   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 vabk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vabk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 vabk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 vabk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 vabk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 vabk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

