<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_943452_0001628280-16-020920_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8245509</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104290</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>430277</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2743306</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3546690</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1271081</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-020920.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107150947
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-020920
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000943452
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROAD EQUIPMENT [3743]
		IRS NUMBER:				251615902
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-90866
		FILM NUMBER:		161977827

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 AIR BRAKE AVE
		CITY:			WILMERDING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15148
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4128251000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1001 AIR BRAKE AVE
		CITY:			WILMERDING
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15148

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WABTEC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE CO /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950404

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-020920.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 wab-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
  ____________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q   
  ____________________________________ 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                      to                       
  Commission file number: 033-90866  
  ____________________________________ 
  WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  
  ____________________________________ 

412-825-1000  
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
  N/A 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
  ____________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No         
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes    x      No         
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
                             Large accelerated filer 
    x 
    Accelerated filer 
      
    Non-accelerated filer 
      
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes           No    x    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.  

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE  
  TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
  September 30, 2016    
  FORM 10-Q  
  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page 
        
    PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements - (Unaudited)  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    25 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    35 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    37 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    38 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    38 

Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    38 

Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    38 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    38 

Signatures  
    39 

2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
   
           Item 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
      
  WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  
  
   3 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  
  
   4 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  

5 

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.  

WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION  
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   (UNAUDITED)  

1. BUSINESS  
  Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation ( Wabtec ) is one of the world s largest providers of value-added, technology-based products and services for the global rail industry. Our products are found on virtually all U.S. locomotives, freight cars and passenger transit vehicles, as well as in more than   100   countries throughout the world. Our products enhance safety, improve productivity and reduce maintenance costs for customers, and many of our core products and services are essential in the safe and efficient operation of freight rail and passenger transit vehicles. Wabtec is a global company with operations in   21   countries. In the first   nine   months of   2016  , about   52%   of the Company s revenues came from customers outside the U.S.  

2. PROPOSED TRANSACTION WITH FAIVELEY TRANSPORT S.A.  
  On July 27, 2015, the Company announced plans to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Faiveley Transport S.A. ("Faiveley Transport") under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement and the Tender Offer Agreement.  On October 24, 2016, the Company entered into amendments to the Share Purchase Agreement and the Tender Offer Agreement.  Faiveley Transport is a leading global provider of value-added, integrated systems and services for the railway industry with annual sales of about   $1.2 billion   and more than   5,700   employees in   24   countries.  Faiveley Transport supplies railway manufacturers, operators and maintenance providers with a range of valued-added, technology-based systems and services in Energy   Comfort (air conditioning, power collectors and converters, and passenger information), Access   Mobility (passenger access systems and platform doors), and Brakes   Safety (braking systems and couplers). Upon completion of the Acquisition, Faiveley Transport will become a subsidiary of Wabtec.  The Acquisition has not yet been consummated and may not close on these terms, if at all: 
  The transaction has been structured in three steps: 
             
    Wabtec has made an irrevocable offer to the owners of approximately   51%   of Faiveley Transport s shares for a purchase price of    100   per share, payable between   25%   and   45%   in cash at the election of those shareholders with the remainder in common stock. 
                
    Upon completion of required labor group consultations, on October 6, 2015, the   51%   shareholders entered into a definitive share purchase agreement, which was amended on October 24, 2016, and Faiveley Transport entered into the Tender Offer Agreement with Wabtec. 
                
    Upon completing the share purchase under the Share Purchase Agreement, Wabtec will commence a tender offer for the remaining publicly traded Faiveley Transport shares. The public shareholders will have the option to elect to receive    100   per share in cash or Wabtec common stock. The common stock portion of the consideration is subject to a cap on issuance of Faiveley common shares that will be equivalent to the rates of cash and stock elected by the   51%   owners.  Wabtec intends to delist Faiveley Transport from Euronext after the tender offer if minority interests represent less than   5%  . 
     The total purchase price offered is about   $1.7 billion  , including assumed debt, net of cash acquired.  Wabtec plans to fund the cash portion of the transaction with cash on hand (including cash held in escrow), existing credit facilities and new credit arrangements.  Prior to   December 31, 2015  , Wabtec set aside    186.9 million   as an escrow deposit for the Faiveley Transport purchase. The combination of Wabtec and Faiveley Transport would create one of the world s largest public rail equipment companies, with revenues of over   $4.3 billion   and a presence in all key freight rail and passenger transit geographies worldwide.   
  Closing of the transaction is subject to various conditions, including completion of regulatory requirements.  These steps are currently on-going and the timing of completion is unknown. 

3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
  Basis of Presentation   The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and include the accounts of Wabtec and its majority owned subsidiaries. These condensed consolidated interim financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required for complete financial statements. In management s opinion, these financial statements reflect all adjustments of a normal, recurring nature necessary for a fair  
  
   6 

presentation of the results for the interim periods presented. Results for these interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year.  
  The Company operates on a four-four-five week accounting quarter, and the quarters end on or about March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31. 
  The notes included herein should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements included in Wabtec s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The   December 31, 2015   information has been derived from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
  Revenue Recognition   Revenue is recognized in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605  Revenue Recognition.  Revenue is recognized when products have been shipped to the respective customers, title has passed and the price for the product has been determined.  
  In general, the Company recognizes revenues on long-term contracts based on the percentage of completion method of accounting. The units-of-delivery method or other input-based or output-based measures, as appropriate, are used to measure the progress toward completion of individual contracts. Contract revenues and cost estimates are reviewed and revised at a minimum quarterly and adjustments are reflected in the accounting period as such amounts are determined. Provisions are made currently for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts. Unbilled accounts receivables were   $146.7 million   and   $103.8 million  , customer deposits were   $108.7 million   and   $106.1 million  , and provisions for loss contracts were   $13.9 million   and   $11.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
  Pre-Production Costs   Certain pre-production costs relating to long-term production and supply contracts have been deferred and will be recognized over the life of the contracts. Deferred pre-production costs were   $28.1 million   and   $30.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Reclassifications   Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified, where necessary, to conform to the current year presentation.  Refer to Recent Accounting Pronouncements below. 
  Use of Estimates   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from the estimates. On an ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates based on currently available information. Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates.  
  Financial Derivatives and Hedging Activities   As part of its risk management strategy, the Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure due to changes in foreign currencies and interest rates.  For further information regarding financial derivatives and hedging activities, refer to Footnotes 13 and 14.  
  Foreign Currency Translation   Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries, except for the Company s Mexican operations whose functional currency is the U.S. Dollar, are translated at the rate of exchange in effect on the balance sheet date while income and expenses are translated at the average rates of exchange prevailing during the period. Foreign currency gains and losses resulting from transactions and the translation of financial statements are recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements based upon the provisions of ASC 830  Foreign Currency Matters.  The effects of currency exchange rate changes on intercompany transactions and balances of a long-term investment nature are accumulated and carried as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss. The effects of currency exchange rate changes on intercompany transactions that are denominated in a currency other than an entity s functional currency are charged or credited to earnings.  
  Non-controlling Interests   In accordance with ASC 810 "Consolidation", the Company has classified non-controlling interests as equity on our condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Net income attributable to non-controlling interests for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was not material.  
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-3,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  ( ASU 2015-3 ) which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements to present such costs as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset.  ASU 2015-3 became effective for public companies during interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  The Company retrospectively adopted this ASU on January 1, 2016.  The adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact to its consolidated financial statements.  
  
   7 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-9,  Revenue from Contract with Customers.   The ASU will supersede most of the existing revenue recognition requirements in U.S. GAAP and will require entities to recognize revenue at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer.  The new standard also requires significantly expanded disclosures regarding the qualitative and quantitative information of an entity s nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.  The Board voted to propose that the standard would take effect for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and that early adoption would be allowed as of the original effective date. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the pronouncement will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (ASU 2016-09 ).  The ASU simplifies several aspects for the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  The ASU is effective for public companies in the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.   
  Other Comprehensive Income   Comprehensive income is defined as net income and all other non-owner changes in shareholders  equity.  
  The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component, net of tax, for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows:  

Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows:  
                         In thousands 
    Amount reclassified from 
  accumulated other 
  comprehensive income 
      
    Affected line item in the 
  Condensed Consolidated 
  Statements of Income 
      Amortization of defined pension and post retirement items 

Amortization of initial net obligation and prior service cost 
    $ 
    6 

Cost of sales 
      Amortization of net loss 
    611 

Cost of sales 
        
    617 

Income from Operations 
        
    (175 
    ) 
      
    Income tax expense 
        
    $ 
    442 

Net income 

Derivative contracts 

Realized loss on derivative contracts 
    $ 
    338 

Interest expense, net 
        
    (96 
    ) 
      
    Income tax expense 
        
    $ 
    242 

Net income 

8 

Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are as follows:  
                         In thousands 
    Amount reclassified from 
  accumulated other 
  comprehensive income 
      
    Affected line item in the 
  Condensed Consolidated 
  Statements of Income 
      Amortization of defined pension and post retirement items 

Amortization of initial net obligation and prior service cost 
    $ 
    (801 
    ) 
      
    Cost of sales 
      Amortization of net loss 
    2,702 

Cost of sales 
        
    1,901 

Income from Operations 
        
    (574 
    ) 
      
    Income tax expense 
        
    $ 
    1,327 

Net income 

Derivative contracts 

Realized loss on derivative contracts 
    $ 
    1,265 

Interest expense, net 
        
    (382 
    ) 
      
    Income tax expense 
        
    $ 
    883 

Net income 

4. ACQUISITIONS  
  The Company has made the following acquisitions operating as a business unit or component of a business unit in the Freight Segment:  
             
    On   May 5, 2016  , the Company acquired Unitrac Railroad Materials ("Unitrac"), a leading designer and manufacturer of railroad products and track work services for a purchase price of approximately   $14.4 million  , net of cash acquired, resulting in preliminary goodwill of   $1.0 million  , all of which will be deductible for tax purposes. 
                
    On   October 30, 2015  , the Company acquired Relay Monitoring Systems PTY Ltd. ("RMS"), an Australian based manufacturer of electrical protection and control products for a purchase price of approximately   $18.7 million  , net of cash acquired, resulting in preliminary goodwill of   $8.8 million  , none of which will be deductible for tax purposes.  
                
    On   October 8, 2015  , the Company acquired Track IQ, an Australian based manufacturer of wayside sensor systems for the global rail industry for a purchase price of approximately   $9.3 million  , net of cash acquired, resulting in preliminary goodwill of $  6.3 million  , all of which will be deductible for tax purposes. 
                
    On   February 4, 2015  , the Company acquired Railroad Controls L.P. ("RCL"), a provider of railway signal construction services, for a purchase price of approximately   $78.0 million  , net of cash acquired, resulting in goodwill of   $14.8 million  , all of which will be deductible for tax purposes. 
     The Company has made the following acquisitions operating as a business unit or component of a business unit in the Transit Segment: 
             
    On   August 1, 2016  , the Company acquired Gerken Group SA ("Gerken"), a manufacturer of specialty carbon and graphite products for rail and other industrial applications, for a purchase price of approximately   $62.8 million  , net of cash acquired, resulting in preliminary goodwill of   $16.2 million  , none of which will be deductible for tax purposes. 
                
    On   June 17, 2015  , the Company acquired Metalocaucho ( MTC ), a manufacturer of transit products, primarily rubber components for suspension and vibration control systems, for a purchase price of approximately   $23.4 million  , net of cash acquired, resulting in goodwill of   $13.2 million  , none of which will be deductible for tax purposes. 
     The acquisitions listed above include escrow deposits of   $34.9 million  , which act as security for indemnity and other claims in accordance with the purchase and related escrow agreements.   
  
   9 

For the Gerken, Unitrac, RMS, and Track IQ acquisitions, the following table summarizes the preliminary estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition.  For the MTC and RCL acquisitions, the following table summarizes the final fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition. 

Of the   $93.2 million   of total acquired other intangible assets,   $70.4 million   was assigned to customer relationships,   $15.8 million   was assigned to trade names,   $0.4 million   was assigned to non-compete agreements,   $1.4 million   was assigned to customer backlog, and   $5.2 million   was assigned to intellectual property. The trade names were determined to have indefinite useful lives, while the intellectual property and customer relationships  average useful lives are   20 years  , and the non-compete useful life is   five years  .  
  The Company also made smaller acquisitions not listed above. 
  The following unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information presents income statement results as if the acquisitions listed above had occurred on January 1, 2015:  

5. INVENTORIES  
  The components of inventory, net of reserves, were:  

6. INTANGIBLES  
  The change in the carrying amount of goodwill by segment for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows:  
  
   10 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company s trade names had a net carrying amount of   $178.2 million   and   $167.4 million  , respectively, and the Company believes these intangibles have indefinite lives.  
  Intangible assets of the Company, other than goodwill and trade names, consist of the following:  

The weighted average remaining useful life of patents, customer relationships and other intangibles were   10 years  ,   16 years   and   17 years  , respectively. Amortization expense for intangible assets was   $5.3 million   and   $16.1 million   for   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   $5.5 million   and   $16.0 million   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  Amortization expense for the   five   succeeding years is estimated to be as follows:  

7. LONG-TERM DEBT  
  Long-term debt consisted of the following:  

2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement 
  
   11 

On   June 22, 2016  , the Company amended its existing revolving credit facility with a consortium of commercial banks. This  2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement  provides the Company with a   $1.2 billion  ,   5   year revolving credit facility and a   $400.0 million   delayed draw term loan (the  Term Loan ). The Company incurred approximately   $2.9 million   of deferred financing cost related to the 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement. The facility expires on   June 22, 2021  . The 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement borrowings bear variable interest rates indexed as described below.   At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had available bank borrowing capacity, net of   $22.5 million   of letters of credit, of approximately   $602.5 million  , subject to certain financial covenant restrictions.  
  The Term Loan is available for advance on or after   June 22, 2016   until   December 31, 2016  .  The Company will incur a   10   basis point commitment fee from   June 22, 2016   until the initial draw or cancellation of the Term Loan.  
  Under the 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement, the Company may elect a Base Rate of interest for U.S. Dollar denominated loans or, for certain currencies,  an interest rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) of interest, or other rates appropriate for such currencies  (in any case,  the Alternate Rate ). The Base Rate adjusts on a daily basis and is the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus   0.5%   per annum, the PNC, N.A. prime rate or the Daily LIBOR Rate plus   100   basis points, plus a margin that ranges from   0   to   75   basis points. The Alternate Rate is based on the quoted rates specific to the applicable currency, plus a margin that ranges from   75   to   175   basis points. Both the Base Rate and Alternate Rate margins are dependent on the Company s consolidated total indebtedness to cash flow ratios. The initial Base Rate margin is   0   basis points and the Alternate Rate margin is   100   basis points  . 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the weighted average interest rate on the Company s variable rate debt was   1.53%  .  On January 12, 2012, the Company entered into a forward starting interest rate swap agreement with a notional value of   $150.0 million  . The effective date of the interest rate swap agreement is   July 31, 2013  , and the termination date is   November 7, 2016  . The impact of the interest rate swap agreement converts a portion of the Company s outstanding debt from a variable rate to a fixed-rate borrowing. During the term of the interest rate swap agreement the interest rate on the notional value will be fixed at   1.415%   plus the Alternate Rate margin. On   June 5, 2014  , the Company entered into a forward starting interest rate swap agreement with a notional value of   $150.0 million  .  The effective date of the interest rate swap agreement is   November 7, 2016  , and the termination date is   December 19, 2018  .  The impact of the interest rate swap agreement converts a portion of the Company s outstanding debt from a variable rate to a fixed-rate borrowing.  During the term of the interest rate swap agreement the interest rate on the notional value will be fixed at   2.56%   plus the Alternate Rate margin.  As for these agreements, the Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties.  However, since only the cash interest payments are exchanged, exposure is significantly less than the notional amount.  The counterparties are large financial institutions with excellent credit ratings and history of performance.  The Company currently believes the risk of nonperformance is negligible. 
  The 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement limits the Company s ability to declare or pay cash dividends and prohibits the Company from declaring or making other distributions, subject to certain exceptions. The 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement contains various other covenants and restrictions including the following limitations: incurrence of additional indebtedness; mergers, consolidations, sales of assets and acquisitions; additional liens; sale and leasebacks; permissible investments, loans and advances; certain debt payments; and imposes a minimum interest expense coverage ratio of   3.0   and a maximum debt to cash flow ratio of   3.25  . The Company is in compliance with the restrictions and covenants of the 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement and does not expect that these measurements will limit the Company in executing our operating activities. 
  2013 Refinancing Credit Agreement  
  On   December 19, 2013  , the Company amended its then existing revolving credit facility with a consortium of commercial banks. This  2013 Refinancing Credit Agreement  provided the Company with an   $800.0 million  ,   five  -year revolving credit facility. The Company incurred approximately   $1.0 million   of deferred financing cost related to the 2013 Refinancing Credit Agreement.  The 2013 Refinancing Credit Agreement was replaced by the 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement. 
  Under the 2013 Refinancing Credit Agreement, the Company could have elected a Base Rate of interest for U.S. Dollar denominated loans or, for certain currencies,  an interest rate based on the LIBOR of interest, or other rates appropriate for such currencies  (in any case,  the Alternate Rate ). The Base Rate adjusted on a daily basis and was the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus   0.5%   per annum, the PNC, N.A. prime rate or the Daily LIBOR Rate plus   100   basis points, plus a margin that ranged from   0   to   75   basis points. The Alternate Rate was based on the quoted rates specific to the applicable currency, plus a margin that ranged from   75   to   175   basis points. Both the Base Rate and Alternate Rate margins were dependent on the Company s consolidated total indebtedness to cash flow ratios.  
  4.375% Senior Notes Due August 2023 
  
   12 

In   August 2013  , the Company issued   $250.0 million   of Senior Notes due in   2023   (the  2013 Notes ).  The 2013 Notes were issued at   99.879%   of face value.  Interest on the 2013 Notes accrues at a rate of   4.375%   per annum and is payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year.  The proceeds were used to repay debt outstanding under the Company s existing credit agreement, and for general corporate purposes.  The principal balance is due in full at maturity.  The Company incurred   $2.6 million   of deferred financing costs related to the issuance of the 2013 Notes.   
  The 2013 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu with all existing and future senior debt and senior to all existing and future subordinated indebtedness of the Company. The indenture under which the 2013 Notes were issued contains covenants and restrictions which limit among other things, the following: the incurrence of indebtedness, payment of dividends and certain distributions, sale of assets, change in control, mergers and consolidations and the incurrence of liens. 
  The Company is in compliance with the restrictions and covenants in the indenture under which the 2013 Notes were issued and expects that these restrictions and covenants will not be any type of limiting factor in executing our operating activities.    

8. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS  
  Defined Benefit Pension Plans  
  The Company sponsors defined benefit pension plans that cover certain U.S., Canadian, German and United Kingdom employees and which provide benefits of stated amounts for each year of service of the employee.  
  The Company uses a December 31 measurement date for the plans.  
  The following tables provide information regarding the Company s defined benefit pension plans summarized by U.S. and international components.  

13 

The Company s funding methods are based on governmental requirements and differ from those methods used to recognize pension expense. The Company expects to contribute   $6.6 million   to the international plans and does not expect to make a contribution to the U.S. plans during 2016.  
  Post Retirement Benefit Plans  
  In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company has provided certain unfunded postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for a portion of North American employees. The Company is not obligated to pay health care and life insurance benefits to individuals who had retired prior to 1990.  
  The Company uses a December 31 measurement date for all post retirement plans.  
  The following tables provide information regarding the Company s postretirement benefit plans summarized by U.S. and international components.  

At   December 31, 2015  , the Company changed the method it uses to estimate the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and other postretirement benefit costs for all of its U.S. and International plans.  Historically, the service and interest cost components were estimated using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the period.  The Company has elected to utilize an approach that discounts the individual expected cash flows underlying the service and interest cost using the applicable spot rates derived from the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows.  The Company made this change to improve the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the  
  
   14 

corresponding yield curve spot rates and to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs.  The Company estimates the service and interest cost of the pension and OPEB plans will be reduced by approximately   $1.6 million   in 2016 as a result of this change.  The Company has accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate that is inseparable from a change in accounting principle and accordingly has accounted for it prospectively. 

9. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company maintains employee stock-based compensation plans for stock options, restricted stock, and incentive stock units as governed by the 2011 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the  2011 Plan ) and the 2000 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the  2000 Plan ). The 2011 Plan has a   10  -year term through March 27, 2021 and provides a maximum of   3,800,000   shares for grants or awards. The 2011 Plan was approved by stockholders of Wabtec on May 11, 2011. The Company also maintains a Non-Employee Directors  Fee and Stock Option Plan ( the Directors Plan ).  
  Stock-based compensation expense was   $14.8 million   and   $20.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Included in stock-based compensation expense for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is   $1.3 million   of expense related to stock options,   $4.5 million   related to non-vested restricted stock,   $2.2 million   related to restricted stock units,   $5.9 million   related to incentive stock units and   $0.9 million   related to units issued for Directors  fees. At   September 30, 2016  , unamortized compensation expense related to those stock options, non-vested restricted shares units and incentive stock units expected to vest totaled   $25.8 million   and will be recognized over a weighted average period of   1.4 years  .  
  Stock Options   Stock options are granted to eligible employees and directors at the fair market value, which is the average of the high and low Wabtec stock price on the date of grant. Under the 2011 Plan and the 2000 Plan, options become exercisable over a   four  -year vesting period and expire   10   years from the date of grant.  
  
   15 

The following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity and related information for the 2011 Plan, the 2000 Plan and the Directors Plan for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions:  

The dividend yield is based on the Company s dividend rate and the current market price of the underlying common stock at the date of grant. Expected life in years is determined from historical stock option exercise data. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury bond rates for the expected life of the option.  
  Restricted Stock, Restricted Units and Incentive Stock   Beginning in 2006, the Company adopted a restricted stock program. As provided for under the 2011 and 2000 Plans, eligible employees are granted restricted stock that generally vests over   four   years from the date of grant. Under the Directors Plan, restricted stock units vest   one year   from the date of grant.  
  In addition, the Company has issued incentive stock units to eligible employees that vest upon attainment of certain cumulative   three   year performance goals. Based on the Company s performance for each   three  -year period then ended, the incentive stock units can vest and be awarded ranging from   0%   to   200%   of the initial incentive stock units granted. The incentive stock units included in the table below represent the number of shares that are expected to vest based on the Company s estimate for meeting those established performance targets. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company estimates that it will achieve   119%  ,   92%   and   92%   for the incentive stock awards expected to vest based on performance for the   three  -year periods ending   December 31, 2016  ,   2017  , and   2018  , respectively, and has recorded incentive compensation expense accordingly. If our estimate of the number of these stock units expected to vest changes in a future accounting period, cumulative compensation expense could increase or decrease and will be recognized in the current period for the elapsed portion of the vesting period and would change future expense for the remaining vesting period.  
  Compensation expense for the non-vested restricted stock and incentive stock units is based on the average of the high and low Wabtec stock price on the date of grant and recognized over the applicable vesting period.  
  
   16 

The following table summarizes the restricted stock activity and related information for the 2011 Plan, the 2000 Plan and the Directors Plan, and incentive stock units activity for the 2011 Plan and the 2000 Plan with related information for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

10. INCOME TAXES  
  The overall effective income tax rate was   28.5%   and   29.7%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   31.5%   and   31.9%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the decrease in the effective rate is primarily the result of a lower earnings mix in higher tax rate jurisdictions as well as a favorable adjustment for tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitation.         
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the liability for income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions was   $9.5 million  , of which   $4.3 million  , if recognized, would favorably affect the Company s effective tax rate.  
  The Company includes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of   September 30, 2016  , the total accrued interest and penalties are   $1.6 million   and   $2.0 million  , respectively.  As of   December 31, 2015  , the total accrued interest and penalties were   $2.0 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively. 
  At this time, the Company believes that it is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits of approximately   $1.1 million   may change within the next 12 months due to the expiration of statutory review periods and current examinations.  With limited exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to examination by various U.S. and foreign taxing authorities for years before 2012. 

17 

11. EARNINGS PER SHARE  
  The computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for net income attributable to Wabtec shareholders is as follows:  

18 

The Company s non-vested restricted stock contains rights to receive nonforfeitable dividends, and thus, are participating securities requiring the two-class method of computing earnings per share. The calculation of earnings per share for common stock shown above excludes the income attributable to the non-vested restricted stock from the numerator and excludes the dilutive impact of those shares from the denominator.  

12. WARRANTIES  
  The following table reconciles the changes in the Company s product warranty reserve as follows:  

19 

13. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING 
  Foreign Currency Hedging   The Company uses forward contracts to mitigate its foreign currency exchange rate exposure due to forecasted sales of finished goods and future settlement of foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities.  Derivatives used to hedge forecasted transactions and specific cash flows associated with foreign currency denominated financial assets and liabilities that meet the criteria for hedge accounting are designated as cash flow hedges.  The effective portion of gain and losses is deferred as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income and is recognized in earnings at the time the hedged item affects earnings, in the same line item as the underlying hedged item.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had outstanding foreign exchange contracts with a notional value of   $8.0 million  .  The fair value of these hedges was a net liability of   $0.6 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  The notional amount and fair value of foreign exchange contracts at   December 31, 2015   was not material.  The contracts are scheduled to mature within   two   years.  For the nine months  ended   September 30, 2016  , the amount reclassified into income was   $0.5 million  . 
  Interest Rate Hedging   The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage interest rate exposures.  The Company is exposed to interest rate volatility with regard to existing floating rate debt.  Primary exposure includes the London Interbank Offered Rates (LIBOR).  Derivatives used to hedge risk associated with changes in the fair value of certain variable-rate debt are primarily designated as fair value hedges.  Consequently, changes in the fair value of these derivatives, along with changes in the fair value of debt obligations are recognized in current period earnings.  See long-term debt footnote fair value measurement footnote for further information on current interest rate swaps. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company has recorded a current liability of   $5.7 million   and an accumulated other comprehensive loss of   $3.4 million  , net of tax, related to these agreements  . 
  Other Activities   The Company enters into certain derivative contracts in accordance with its risk management strategy that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting but which have the impact of largely mitigating foreign currency exposure.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company maintained foreign currency contracts with a notional value of   $24.1 million  .  These foreign exchange contracts are accounted for on a full mark to market basis through earnings, with gains and losses recorded as a component of other expense, net.  The net unrealized loss related to these contracts was   $0.5 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  The notional amount and fair value of foreign exchange contracts that did not meet the criteria for hedge accounting at   December 31, 2015   was not material.  These contracts are scheduled to mature within   one   year. 

14. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT AND FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
  ASC 820  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and explains the related disclosure requirements. ASC 820 indicates, among other things, that a fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell an asset or transfer a liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability and defines fair value based upon an exit price model.  
  Valuation Hierarchy   ASC 820 establishes a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs to valuation used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company s assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. A financial asset or liability s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  
  The following table provides the liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016  , which are included in other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance sheet:  

The following table provides the liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis as of   December 31, 2015  , which is included in other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance sheet: 
  
   20 

To reduce the impact of interest rate changes on a portion of its variable-rate debt, the Company entered into interest rate swaps which effectively converted a portion of the debt from variable to fixed-rate borrowings during the term of the swap contracts. For certain derivative contracts whose fair values are based upon trades in liquid markets, such as interest rate swaps, valuation model inputs can generally be verified and valuation techniques do not involve significant management judgment. The fair values of such financial instruments are generally classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
  As a result of our global operating activities the Company is exposed to market risks from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial position. When deemed appropriate, the Company minimizes these risks through entering into foreign currency forward contracts. The foreign currency forward contracts are valued using broker quotations, or market transactions in either the listed or over-the counter markets. As such, these derivative instruments are classified within Level 2.  
  The Company s cash and cash equivalents are highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less and are considered Level 1 on the fair value valuation hierarchy. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents approximated the carrying value at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . The Company s defined benefit pension plan assets consist primarily of equity security funds, debt security funds and temporary cash and cash equivalent investments. Generally, all plan assets are considered Level 2 based on the fair value valuation hierarchy. These investments are comprised of a number of investment funds that invest in a diverse portfolio of assets including equity securities, corporate and governmental bonds, and money markets.  Trusts are valued at the net asset value ( NAV ) as determined by their custodian.  NAV represent the accumulation of the unadjusted quoted close prices on the reporting date for the underlying investments divided by the total shares outstanding at the reporting dates.  The 2013 Notes are considered Level 2 based on the fair value valuation hierarchy.  
  The estimated fair values and related carrying values of the Company s financial instruments are as follows:  

The fair value of the Company s interest rate swap agreements and the 2013 Notes were based on dealer quotes and represent the estimated amount the Company would pay to the counterparty to terminate the agreement.  

15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
  Claims have been filed against the Company and certain of its affiliates in various jurisdictions across the United States by persons alleging bodily injury as a result of exposure to asbestos-containing products. Further information and detail on these claims is described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , in Note 19 therein, filed on February 19, 2016. During the first   nine   months of   2016  , there were no material changes to the information described in the Form 10-K.  
  From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation related to claims arising out of the Company's operations in the ordinary course of business, including claims based on product liability, contracts, intellectual property, or other causes of action. Further information and detail on any potentially material litigation is as described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , in Note 19 therein, filed on February 19, 2016. Except as described below, there have been no material changes to the information described in the Form 10-K.  
  On April 21, 2016, Siemens Industry, Inc. (Siemens) filed a lawsuit against the Company in federal district court in Delaware alleging that the Company has infringed seven (  7  ) patents owned by Siemens, all of which are related to Positive  
  
   21 

Train Control technology.  Wabtec filed its answer to the complaint on June 17, 2016.  The case is in a very preliminary stage.  Wabtec believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself. 

16. SEGMENT INFORMATION  
  Wabtec has   two   reportable segments the Freight Segment and the Transit Segment. The key factors used to identify these reportable segments are the organization and alignment of the Company s internal operations, the nature of the products and services, and customer type. The business segments are:  
  Freight Segment   primarily manufactures and services components for new and existing freight cars and locomotives, builds new switcher locomotives, rebuilds freight locomotives, supplies railway electronics, positive train control equipment, signal design and engineering services, friction products, and provides related heat exchange and cooling systems. Customers include large, publicly traded railroads, leasing companies, manufacturers of original equipment such as locomotives and freight cars, and utilities.  
  Transit Segment   primarily manufactures and services components for new and existing passenger transit vehicles, typically subway cars and buses, builds new commuter locomotives, friction products, and refurbishes subway cars. Customers include public transit authorities and municipalities, leasing companies, and manufacturers of subway cars and buses around the world.  
  The Company evaluates its business segments  operating results based on income from operations. Corporate activities include general corporate expenses, elimination of intersegment transactions, interest income and expense and other unallocated charges. Since certain administrative and other operating expenses have not been allocated to business segments, the results in the following tables are not necessarily a measure computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and may not be comparable to other companies.  
  Segment financial information for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

Segment financial information for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   is as follows: 

22 

Segment financial information for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

Segment financial information for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   is as follows: 

Sales by product are as follows: 

23 

17. OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET  
  The components of other income (expense) are as follows:  

18. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
    
  On November 3, 2016, the Company issued   $750.0 million   of Senior Notes due in 2026 (the  2016 Notes ).  The 2016 Notes were issued at   99.965%   of face value.  Interest on the 2016 Notes accrues at a rate of   3.45%   per annum and is payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year.  The proceeds will be used to pay the cash portion of the Faiveley Transport acquisition, refinance Faiveley Transport's outstanding indebtedness, and for general corporate purposes.  The principal balance is due in full at maturity.  
                   
  The 2016 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu with all existing and future senior debt and senior to all existing and future subordinated indebtedness of the Company.  The indenture under which the 2016 Notes were issued contains covenants and restrictions which limit among other things the following: the incurrence of indebtedness, payment of dividends and certain distributions, sale of assets, change in control, mergers and consolidations and the incurrence of liens.  The Company is in compliance with the restrictions and covenants in the indenture under which the 2016 Notes were issued and expects that these restrictions and covenants will not be any type of limiting factor in executing our operating activities.  
  
   24 

Item 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the information in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein and Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation s Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2016.  
   
  OVERVIEW  
  Wabtec is one of the world s largest providers of value-added, technology-based products and services for the global rail industry. Our products are found on virtually all U.S. locomotives, freight cars and passenger transit vehicles, as well as in more than 100 countries throughout the world. Our products enhance safety, improve productivity and reduce maintenance costs for customers, and many of our core products and services are essential in the safe and efficient operation of freight rail and passenger transit vehicles. Wabtec is a global company with operations in   21   countries. In the first   nine   months of   2016  , about   52%   of the Company s revenues came from customers outside the U.S.  
  Management Review and Future Outlook  
  Wabtec s long-term financial goals are to generate cash flow from operations in excess of net income, maintain a strong credit profile while minimizing our overall cost of capital, increase margins through strict attention to cost controls and implementation of the Wabtec Performance System, and increase revenues through a focused growth strategy, including global and market expansion, new products and technologies, aftermarket products and services and acquisitions. In addition, management evaluates the Company s current operational performance through measures such as quality and on-time delivery.  
  The Company monitors a variety of factors and statistics to gauge activity in key freight rail and passenger transit markets such as North and South America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. In these and other markets, the freight rail industry is largely driven by general economic conditions, which can cause fluctuations in rail traffic and the level of investment spending by railroads and governments to expand, upgrade, and modernize their networks. Based on those fluctuations, railroads and governments can increase or decrease purchases of new locomotives and freight cars, and spending on rail-related infrastructure. The passenger transit industry is driven mainly by the spending of government agencies and authorities as they maintain, expand and modernize their transit systems. In doing so, they will increase or decrease spending on new locomotives, transit/subway cars, buses and related infrastructure. Fare box revenues, the fees paid by riders to use public transit, also provide funding for maintaining and operating the systems. Many government entities at all levels are facing budget issues, which could have a negative effect on demand for the Company s products and services.  
  In North America, the Association of American Railroads ("AAR") compiles freight rail industry statistics such as carloadings, generally referred to as  rail traffic,  and the Railway Supply Institute ("RSI") releases data on freight car orders, deliveries, and backlog. Through the first nine months of 2016, rail traffic in North America was down about 7%. According to the RSI, at the end of the third quarter of 2016, the industry multi-year backlog of freight cars on order was about 78,000, slightly lower than at the end of the second quarter of 2016. In 2015, deliveries of new freight cars and locomotives were about 82,000 units and 1,200 units, respectively.  In 2016, the Company expects the deliveries of new freight cars and locomotives to be approximately 60,000 units and 900 units, respectively. Future demand depends largely on the strength in the overall economy and in rail traffic volumes. 
  The American Public Transportation Association ("APTA") provides quarterly transit ridership statistics for the U.S. and Canada. For the first quarter of 2016 ridership was up slightly in the U.S. and down slightly in Canada. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the U.S. Congress passed a new, five-year transportation funding bill, which includes annual spending increases and some funding for Positive Train Control ( PTC ) projects. The Company expects deliveries of new subway cars to increase in 2016, while bus deliveries are expected to be about the same compared to 2015. 
  In 2008, the U.S. federal government enacted a rail safety bill that mandates the use of PTC technology, which includes on-board locomotive computer and related software, on a majority of the locomotives and track in the U.S. With our Electronic Train Management System       , we are the leading supplier of this on-board train control equipment, and we are  
  
   25 

working with the U.S. Class I railroads, commuter rail authorities and other industry suppliers to implement this technology.  In 2015, the U.S. Congress extended the deadline for PTC implementation until December 31, 2018, which has slowed the rate of industry spending on this technology.  Wabtec s Train Control and Signaling revenue, which includes PTC, was about   $259 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Wabtec continues to expand its presence in freight rail and passenger transit markets outside the U.S., particularly in Europe, Asia-Pacific and South America. In Europe, the majority of the rail system serves the passenger transit market, which is larger than the transit market in the U.S. Our presence in the U.K., Germany and Italy has positioned the Company to take advantage of this market. Asia-Pacific is a growth market and our various joint ventures and direct exports to China have positioned the Company to take advantage of this growth. Important freight rail markets include Australia, Brazil, Russia and South Africa. 
  Current conditions in these international markets vary based on general economic factors and specific freight rail and passenger transit drivers, as mentioned above. In its most recent quarterly data, the Office of Rail Regulation in the U.K. reported an increase in passenger ridership of 1.6% and an 8.4% decrease in freight moved, mainly due to reduced shipments of coal. In Germany, the government statistics bureau reported a 2% increase for passenger rail and bus ridership in the first half of 2016. Russian Railways announced a decrease of 0.4% in passenger ridership in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the year-ago period, and it said freight tons loaded were 1.3% higher than the year-ago period. 
  In 2016 and beyond, general economic and market conditions in our key markets could have an impact on our sales and operations. To the extent that these factors cause instability of capital and debt markets, shortages of raw materials or component parts, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of customer orders or an inability to market our products effectively, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, we face risks associated with our four-point growth strategy including the level of investment that customers are willing to make in new technologies developed by the industry and the Company, and risks inherent in global expansion. When necessary, we will modify our financial and operating strategies to reflect changes in market conditions and risks. 

PROPOSED TRANSACTION WITH FAIVELEY TRANSPORT S.A.  
  On July 27, 2015, the Company announced plans to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of Faiveley Transport S.A. ("Faiveley Transport") under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement and the Tender Offer Agreement.  On October 24, 2016, the Company entered into amendments to the Share Purchase Agreement and the Tender Offer Agreement.  Faiveley Transport is a leading global provider of value-added, integrated systems and services for the railway industry with annual sales of about   $1.2 billion   and more than   5,700   employees in   24   countries.  Faiveley Transport supplies railway manufacturers, operators and maintenance providers with a range of valued-added, technology-based systems and services in Energy   Comfort (air conditioning, power collectors and converters, and passenger information), Access   Mobility (passenger access systems and platform doors), and Brakes   Safety (braking systems and couplers). Upon completion of the Acquisition, Faiveley Transport will become a subsidiary of Wabtec.  The Acquisition has not yet been consummated and may not close on these terms, if at all: 
  The transaction has been structured in three steps: 
             
    Wabtec has made an irrevocable offer to the owners of approximately   51%   of Faiveley Transport s shares for a purchase price of    100   per share, payable between   25%   and   45%   in cash at the election of those shareholders with the remainder in common stock. 
                
    Upon completion of required labor group consultations, on October 6, 2015, the   51%   shareholders entered into a definitive share purchase agreement, which was amended on October 24, 2016, and Faiveley Transport entered into the Tender Offer Agreement with Wabtec. 
                
    Upon completing the share purchase under the Share Purchase Agreement, Wabtec will commence a tender offer for the remaining publicly traded Faiveley Transport shares. The public shareholders will have the option to elect to receive    100   per share in cash or Wabtec common stock. The common stock portion of the consideration is subject to a cap on issuance of Faiveley common shares that will be equivalent to the rates of cash and stock elected by the   51%   owners.  Wabtec intends to delist Faiveley Transport from Euronext after the tender offer if minority interests represent less than   5%  . 
     The total purchase price offered is about   $1.7 billion  , including assumed debt, net of cash acquired.  Wabtec plans to fund the cash portion of the transaction with cash on hand (including cash held in escrow), existing credit facilities and new credit arrangements.  Prior to   December 31, 2015  , Wabtec set aside    186.9 million   as an escrow deposit for the Faiveley  
  
   26 

Transport purchase. The combination of Wabtec and Faiveley Transport would create one of the world s largest public rail equipment companies, with revenues of over   $4.3 billion   and a presence in all key freight rail and passenger transit geographies worldwide.   
  Closing of the transaction is subject to various conditions, including completion of regulatory requirements.  These steps are currently on-going and the timing of completion is unknown. 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
  The following table shows our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods indicated.  

THIRD QUARTER   2016   COMPARED TO THIRD QUARTER   2015    
  The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods indicated:  

The following table shows the major components of the change in sales in the   third   quarter of   2016   from the   third   quarter of   2015  :  
  
   27 

Net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased by   $134.0 million   or   16.5%   to   $675.6 million   from   $809.5 million  . The decrease is primarily due to lower sales for Specialty Products and Electronics of   $109.1 million   and lower Brake Products sales of   $12.2 million   due to decreased demand for freight products as well as train control and signaling products and services.  Acquisitions increased sales   $15.3 million   and unfavorable foreign exchange decreased sales   $18.1 million  . 
  Freight Segment sales decreased by   $145.2 million  , or   28.6%  , primarily due to a decrease of   $118.7 million   for Specialty Products and Electronics sales from lower demand for freight original equipment rail products as well as train control and signaling products and services, a decrease of   $17.5 million   for Remanufacturing, Overhaul   Build sales related to a multi-year aftermarket freight locomotive project which was substantially completed in 2015, and a decrease of   $15.6 million   for Brake Products sales from lower demand for original equipment brakes for freight customers.  Acquisitions increased sales by   $13.2 million   and unfavorable foreign exchange decreased sales by   $2.2 million  .  
  Transit Segment sales increased by   $11.2 million  , or   3.7%  , primarily due to an increase of   $12.0 million   for Remanufacturing, Overhaul and Build products due to higher demand for aftermarket locomotive builds.  Acquisitions increased sales by   $2.2 million   and unfavorable foreign exchange decreased sales by   $15.9 million  .  
  Cost of Sales   The following table shows the major components of cost of sales for the periods indicated: 

Cost of Sales decreased by   $89.4 million   to   $463.1 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $552.5 million   in the same period of   2015  . In the   third   quarter of   2016  , cost of sales as a percentage of sales was   68.6%   compared to   68.2%   in the same period of   2015  .  The increase as a percentage of sales is due to an unfavorable product mix largely attributable to higher transit segment sales which have a lower gross margin compared to the freight segment. 
  
   28 

Freight Segment cost of sales decreased   0.2%   as a percentage of sales to   66.4%   in   2016   compared to   66.6%   for the same period in   2015  .  The decrease is primarily related to sales with lower material content, lower overall material costs due to on-going sourcing efforts, and decreases in various commodity prices. 
  Transit Segment cost of sales decreased   0.2%   as a percentage of sales to approximately   71.0%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   71.2%   for the same period of   2015  .  The decrease is primarily related to improved margin performance from current and prior years acquisitions and the benefits of ongoing cost reduction efforts.  
  Included in cost of sales is warranty expense. The provision for warranty expense is generally established for specific losses, along with historical estimates of customer claims as a percentage of sales, which can cause variability in warranty expense between quarters. Warranty expense was   $4.9 million   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $7.7 million   in the   third   quarter of   2015  .  
    
  Operating expenses   The following table shows our operating expenses for the periods indicated:  

Total operating expenses were   13.7%   and   13.0%   of sales for the   third   quarters of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased   $11.4 million  , or   13.9%  , primarily due to lower sales volumes, reduced incentive compensation expense and realized benefits from the cost saving initiatives undertaken in 2016.  These reductions were partially offset by $3.2 million of costs related to the Faiveley transaction and $0.4 million of costs related to restructuring activity.  Engineering expense decreased by   $1.0 million  , or   5.5%  , due to higher absorption of costs.  Amortization expense decreased   $0.2 million   due to lower amortization of intangibles associated with acquisitions.  
  The following table shows our segment operating expense for the periods indicated:  

Freight Segment operating expenses decreased   $9.1 million  , or   18.4%  , in   2016   and increased   140   basis points to   11.1%   of sales.  The decrease is primarily attributable to reduced sales volumes, realized benefits from the cost saving initiatives undertaken in 2016 partially, and reduced incentive compensation offset by $2.4 million of incremental operating expenses from acquisitions.   
  Transit Segment operating expenses decreased   $5.9 million  , or   12.1%  , in   2016   and decreased   250   basis points to   13.7%   of sales.  The decrease is primarily attributable to realized benefits from the cost saving initiatives undertaken in 2016 and reduced incentive compensation partially offset by $0.7 million of incremental operating expenses from acquisitions.   
  Corporate non-allocated operating expenses increased   $2.4 million   in 2016 primarily due to $3.2 million of costs related to the Faiveley transaction partially offset by realized benefits from the cost saving initiatives mentioned above. 
  
   29 

Income from operations   Income from operations totaled   $120.1 million   or   17.8%   of sales in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to   $152.1 million   or   18.8%   of sales in the same period of   2015  . Income from operations decreased due to lower sales volume partially offset by lower operating expenses as discussed above.  
  Interest expense, net   Interest expense, net, increased   $1.7 million   in   2016   primarily attributable to higher average debt balances used to fund treasury stock purchases and acquisitions. 
  Other income/(expense), net   Other income/(expense), net, totaled   $1.2 million   of income in 2016 compared to   $2.9 million   of expense in 2015 due to foreign currency gains of $0.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to foreign currency losses of $3.1 million in the third quarter of 2015.  
  Income taxes   The effective income tax rate was   28.5%   and   31.5%   for the   third   quarter of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The decrease in the effective rate is primarily the result of a lower earnings mix in higher tax rate jurisdictions as well as a favorable adjustment for tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions due to the expiration of certain statutes of limitation.  
  Net income   Net income for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   $82.4 million   or   $0.91   per diluted share compared to   $99.2 million   or   $1.02   per diluted share in the prior year quarter. The decrease in net income is due to lower income from operations for the reasons noted above, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate discussed above and lower shares outstanding.  
  FIRST NINE MONTHS OF   2016   COMPARED TO FIRST NINE MONTHS OF   2015    
  The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods indicated:  

The following table shows the major components of the change in sales in the first nine months of   2016   from the first nine months of   2015  :  

Net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased by   $303.9 million   or   12.3%   to   $2,171.2 million   from   $2,475.1 million  . The decrease is primarily due to lower sales for Specialty Products and Electronics of   $281.4 million  , lower Brake Products sales of   $41.0 million   due to decreased demand for freight products, and train control and signaling products and services, and lower Other Product sales of   $21.9 million   from decreased demand for freight spare part kits.  This decrease was partially offset by higher sales for Remanufacturing, Overhaul and Build of   $30.7 million   due to higher demand for aftermarket transit locomotive builds.  Acquisitions increased sales   $52.2 million   and unfavorable foreign exchange decreased sales   $42.8 million  . 
  
   30 

Freight Segment sales decreased by   $352.0 million  , or   22.7%  , primarily due to a decrease of   $313.7 million   for Specialty Products and Electronics sales from lower demand for freight original equipment rail products and train control and signaling products, a decrease of   $36.9 million   for Brake Products sales from lower demand for original equipment brakes and aftermarket services, and a decrease of   $23.3 million   for Other Product sales from decreased demand for freight spare part kits.  Acquisitions increased sales by   $38.2 million   and unfavorable foreign exchange decreased sales by   $11.3 million  .  
  Transit Segment sales increased by   $48.1 million  , or   5.2%  , primarily due to an increase for Remanufacturing, Overhaul, and Build sales of   $35.7 million   from higher demand for aftermarket locomotive builds, and a   $32.3 million   increase for Specialty Products and Electronics sales from higher demand for original equipment conduction systems and current collectors.  Acquisitions increased sales by   $14.1 million   and unfavorable foreign exchange decreased sales by   $31.4 million  .  

Cost of Sales   The following table shows the major components of cost of sales for the periods indicated: 

Cost of Sales decreased by   $228.8 million   to   $1,466.2 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $1,695.0 million   in the same period of   2015  . In the first   nine   months of   2016  , cost of sales as a percentage of sales was   67.5%   compared to   68.6%   in the same period of   2015  .  The decrease as a percentage of sales is due to contributions from cost reduction initiatives and improved margin performance from current and prior year acquisitions, partially offset by an unfavorable product mix largely attributable to higher transit segment sales which have a lower gross margin compared to the freight segment. 
  Freight Segment cost of sales decreased   2.0%   as a percentage of sales to   65.1%   in the first nine months of   2016   compared to   67.1%   for the same period in   2015  .  The decrease is primarily related to sales with lower material content, lower overall material costs due to ongoing sourcing efforts, and decreases in various commodity prices.   
  Transit Segment cost of sales decreased   0.5%   as a percentage of sales to approximately   70.4%   in the first nine months of   2016   from   70.9%   for the same period of   2015  .  The decrease is primarily due to better margin performance from prior year acquisitions and ongoing sourcing savings. 
  Included in cost of sales is warranty expense. The provision for warranty expense is generally established for specific losses, along with historical estimates of customer claims as a percentage of sales, which can cause variability in warranty expense between quarters. Warranty expense was   $22.8 million   in the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to   $21.6 million   in the same period of   2015  .  
  Operating expenses   The following table shows our operating expenses for the periods indicated:  
  
   31 

Total operating expenses were   14.2%   and   13.0%   of sales for the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased   $14.9 million  , or   5.8%  , primarily due to lower sales volume, reduced costs for incentive compensation, and benefits from the cost saving initiatives undertaken in 2016.  These reductions were partially offset by $12.6 million of costs related to the Faiveley acquisition and $2.2 million in costs related to restructuring activity.  Engineering expense increased   $0.4 million  , or   0.8%  , primarily due to $1.1 million of expenses from acquisitions.  Amortization expense increased   $0.1 million   due to amortization of intangibles associated with acquisitions.  
  The following table shows our segment operating expense for the periods indicated:  

Freight Segment operating expenses decreased   $18.5 million  , or   12.0%  , in   2016   and increased   140   basis points to   11.3%   of sales.  The decrease is primarily attributable to reduced sales volumes and realized benefits associated with the cost saving initiatives undertaken in 2016 partially offset by $6.6 million of incremental operating expenses from acquisitions.   
  Transit Segment operating expenses decreased   $7.5 million  , or   5.0%  , in   2016   and decreased   160   basis points to   14.9%   of sales.  The decrease is primarily attributable to lower costs associated with cost saving initiatives undertaken in 2016 partially offset by $2.5 million of incremental operating expenses from acquisitions.   
  Corporate non-allocated operating expenses increased   $11.7 million   in the first   nine   months of 2016 primarily due to $12.6 million of costs related to the Faiveley acquisition partially offset by realized benefits from cost saving initiatives in 2016. 
  Income from operations   Income from operations totaled   $395.6 million   or   18.2%   of sales in the first nine months of   2016   compared to   $456.4 million   or   18.4%   of sales in the same period of   2015  . Income from operations decreased due to lower sales volume partially offset by lower operating expenses as discussed above.  
  Interest expense, net   Interest expense, net, increased   $3.2 million   in   2016   due primarily to higher average debt balances used to fund treasury stock purchases and acquisitions. 
  Other income/(expense), net   Other income/(expense), net, decreased   $7.8 million   to   $0.1 million   of income primarily due to lower currency transaction losses of $0.5 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to foreign currency losses of $7.0 million for the same period of 2015.  
  Income taxes   The effective income tax rate was   29.7%   and   31.9%   for the first nine months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively. The decrease in the effective rate is primarily the result of a lower earnings mix in higher tax rate jurisdictions as well as a favorable adjustment as a result of the expiration of statute for uncertain tax positions.  
  Net income   Net income for the first   nine   months of   2016   was   $267.1 million   or   $2.92   per diluted share compared to   $296.8 million   or   $3.05   per diluted share in the prior year quarter. The decrease in net income is due to lower income from operations for the reasons noted above, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate discussed above and lower shares outstanding. 
  
   32 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Liquidity is provided primarily by operating cash flow and borrowings under the Company s unsecured credit facility with a consortium of commercial banks. The following is a summary of selected cash flow information and other relevant data: 

Operating activities   In the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , cash provided by operations was   $246.9 million   and   $255.3 million  , respectively. In comparison to the first   nine   months of   2015  , cash provided by operations in   2016   decreased due to lower operating results of   $29.8 million   partially offset by favorable working capital performance.  The major components of working capital were as follows: a favorable change in accounts payable of   $36.9 million   due to payment timing and lower inventory levels and a favorable change in inventory of   $18.1 million   due to successful efforts to control the amount of inventory on hand, partially offset by an unfavorable change in accounts receivable of   $37.5 million   as customers have begun to stretch payment terms and lower sales.  
  Investing activities   In the first   nine   months of   2016   and   2015  , cash used in investing activities was   $115.9 million   and   $342.0 million  , respectively. The major components of the cash outflow in   2016   were   $84.4 million   in net cash paid for acquisitions and   $31.7 million   in planned additions to property, plant and equipment for investments in our facilities and manufacturing processes.  This compares to   $100.1 million   in net cash paid for acquisitions,   $33.1 million   in property, plant, and equipment for investments, and   $209.1 million   for an escrow deposit related to the proposed Faiveley Transport transaction in the first   nine   months of   2015  . Refer to Note 2 of the "Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements" for further information on this subject.  Refer to Note 4 of the  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information on acquisitions. 
  Financing activities   In the first   nine   months of   2016  , cash used for financing activities was   $112.3 million   which included   $346.0 million   in proceeds from the revolving credit facility,   $215.9 million   in repayments of debt on the revolving credit facility,   $23.5 million   of dividend payments,   $212.2 million   for the repurchase of   3,046,408   shares of stock and   $9.0 million   related to the payment of income tax withholding on share based compensation. In the first   nine   months of   2015  , cash provided by financing activities was   $120.8 million  , which included   $390.3 million   in proceeds from the revolving credit facility,   $460.3 million   in repayments of debt on the revolving credit facility,   $14.6 million   related to payment of income tax withholding on share based compensation, and   $19.3 million   of dividend payments.  
                   
  Senior Notes Due November 2026 
    
  On November 3, 2016, the Company issued $750.0 million of Senior Notes due in 2026 (the  2016 Notes ).  The 2016 Notes were issued at 99.965% of face value.  Interest on the 2016 Notes accrues at a rate of 3.45% per annum and is payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year.  The proceeds will be used to pay the cash portion of the Faiveley  
  
   33 

Transport acquisition, refinance Faiveley Transport's outstanding indebtedness, and for general corporate purposes.  The principal balance is due in full at maturity.   
    
  The 2016 Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank pari passu with all existing and future senior debt and senior to all existing and future subordinated indebtedness of the Company.  The indenture under which the 2016 Notes were issued contains covenants and restrictions which limit among other things the following: the incurrence of indebtedness, payment of dividends and certain distributions, sale of assets, change in control, mergers and consolidations and the incurrence of liens.  The Company is in compliance with the restrictions and covenants in the indenture under which the 2016 Notes were issued and expects that these restrictions and covenants will not be any type of limiting factor in executing our operating activities.  
    
  Company Stock Repurchase Plan  
  On February 8, 2016 the Board of Directors amended its stock repurchase authorization to   $350 million   of the Company s outstanding shares. This new stock repurchase authorization supersedes the previous authorization of   $350 million   of which about   $33.3 million   remained.  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , the Company repurchased   3,046,408   shares, leaving   $137.8 million   under the authorization.  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company repurchased   1,096,408   shares. 
  The Company intends to purchase shares on the open market or in negotiated or block trades. No time limit was set for the completion of the programs which conforms to the requirements under the 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement, as well as the senior notes currently outstanding.  
  Forward Looking Statements  
  We believe that all statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including certain statements under  Business  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  may constitute forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. Although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure that our assumptions and expectations are correct.  
  These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including, among other things:  
  Economic and industry conditions  
             
    prolonged unfavorable economic and industry conditions in the markets served by us, including North America, South America, Europe, Australia, Asia and South Africa; 
                
    decline in demand for freight cars, locomotives, passenger transit cars, buses, power generation equipment and related products and services; 
                
    reliance on major original equipment manufacturer customers; 
                
    original equipment manufacturers  program delays; 
                
    demand for services in the freight and passenger rail industry; 
                
    demand for our products and services; 
                
    orders either being delayed, canceled, not returning to historical levels, or reduced or any combination of the foregoing; 
                
    consolidations in the rail industry; 
                
    continued outsourcing by our customers; industry demand for faster and more efficient braking equipment; 
                
    fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; or 
                
    availability of credit. 
     Operating factors 
             
    supply disruptions; 
     
   34 

technical difficulties; 
                
    changes in operating conditions and costs; 
                
    increases in raw material costs; 
                
    successful introduction of new products; 
                
    performance under material long-term contracts; 
                
    labor relations; 
                
    the outcome of our existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation involving our principal customers and any litigation with respect to environmental, asbestos-related matters and pension liabilities or warranty, product liability or intellectual property claims; 
                
    completion and integration of acquisitions; or 
                
    the development and use of new technology. 
     Competitive factors  
             
    the actions of competitors. 
     Political/governmental factors  
             
    political stability in relevant areas of the world; 
                
    future regulation/deregulation of our customers and/or the rail industry; 
                
    levels of governmental funding on transit projects, including for some of our customers; 
                
    political developments and laws and regulations, including those related to PTC; 
                
    uncertainty relating to the United Kingdom's continued membership in the European Union; 
                
    federal and state income tax legislation; or 
                
    the outcome of negotiations with partners, governments, suppliers, customers or others. 
     Statements in this 10-Q apply only as of the date on which such statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Reference is also made to the risk factors set forth in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  Critical Accounting Policies  
  A summary of critical accounting policies is included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . In particular, judgment is used in areas such as accounts receivable and the allowance for doubtful accounts, inventories, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, warranty reserves, pensions and postretirement benefits, income taxes and revenue recognition. There have been no significant changes in accounting policies since   December 31, 2015  .  

Item 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     Interest Rate Risk  
  In the ordinary course of business, Wabtec is exposed to risks that increases in interest rates may adversely affect funding costs associated with its variable-rate debt. The Company s variable rate debt represents 51% and 42% of total long-term debt at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively.  To reduce the impact of interest rate changes on a portion of this variable-rate debt, the Company entered into forward interest rate swap agreements which convert a portion of the debt from variable to fixed-rate borrowings during the term of the swap contract. Refer to Note 7   Long Term Debt of  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  for additional information regarding interest rate risk.  
  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  
  
   35 

The Company is subject to certain risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates to the extent our operations are conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For the first   nine   months of 2016, approximately   48%   of Wabtec s net sales were to customers in the United States, 11% in the United Kingdom, 8% in Canada, 6% in Mexico, 3% in China, 3% in Germany, 3% in Australia, 2% in Brazil, and 16% in other international locations. To reduce the impact of changes in currency exchange rates, the Company has periodically entered into foreign currency forward contracts. Refer to  Financial Derivatives and Hedging Activities  in Note 3 of  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  for more information regarding foreign currency exchange risk.  

36 

Item 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     Wabtec s principal executive officer and its principal financial officer have evaluated the effectiveness of Wabtec s  disclosure controls and procedures,  (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that Wabtec s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by Wabtec in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by Wabtec in such reports is accumulated and communicated to Wabtec s Management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
  There was no change in Wabtec s  internal control over financial reporting  (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Wabtec s internal control over financial reporting.  

37 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  
   
           Item 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
     Except as described below, there have been no material changes regarding the Company s commitments and contingencies as described in Note 19 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  On April 21, 2016, Siemens Industry, Inc. (Siemens) filed a lawsuit against the Company in federal district court in Delaware alleging that the Company has infringed seven (  7  ) patents owned by Siemens, all of which are related to Positive Train Control technology.  Wabtec filed its answer to the complaint on June 17, 2016.  The case is in a very preliminary stage.  Wabtec believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself.  

Item 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
     There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Item 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
     The following table summarizes the Company's stock repurchase activity for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  :   

           (1) 
    On February 9, 2016, the Board of Directors amended its stock repurchase authorization to   $350.0 million   of the Company s outstanding shares.  No time limit was set for the completion of the programs which conforms to the requirements under the 2016 Refinancing Credit Agreement, as well as the senior notes currently outstanding.  

Item 4. 
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
     Not Applicable  

Item 6. 
    EXHIBITS 
     The following exhibits are being filed with this report:  
                 31.1 
    Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
    Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

38 

SIGNATURES  
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  
                 WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 

By: 
    /s/ PATRICK D. DUGAN 
        
    Patrick D. Dugan, 
        
    Senior Vice President Finance and 
  Chief Financial Officer 

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

DATE: 
    November 7, 2016 

39 

EXHIBIT INDEX  
                 31.1 
    Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 
    Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
    XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

40 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wabex311q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Raymond T. Betler, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation. 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   November 7, 2016    
    
                   By: 
      
    /s/    RAYMOND T. BETLER              
      Name: 
      
    Raymond T. Betler 
      Title: 
      
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 wabex312q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Patrick D. Dugan, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation. 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 
  4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this quarterly report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this quarterly report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
  Date:   November 7, 2016    
    
                   By: 
      
    /  S  /    P  ATRICK   D. D  UGAN            
      Name: 
      
    Patrick D. Dugan 
      Title: 
      
    Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 wabex321q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, the undersigned officers of Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation (the    Company   ), hereby certify, to the best of their knowledge, that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the    Report   ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   By: 
      
    /s/    R  AYMOND   T. B  ETLER         

Raymond T. Betler 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
      
    November 7, 2016 

By: 
      
    /s/    P  ATRICK   D. D  UGAN        

Patrick D. Dugan, 
  Senior Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 
      Date: 
      
    November 7, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 wab-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wab-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wab-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wab-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wab-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wab-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

