<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_18672_0001089819-16-000143_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16276131</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>244522</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>728492</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6056571</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6901359</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2018166</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>170</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001089819-16-000143.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102162732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001089819-16-000143
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089819
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				721445282
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15759
		FILM NUMBER:		161968215

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 DONAHUE FERRY ROAD
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71360-5226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3184847400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 5000
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71361-5000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLECO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990708

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLECO HOLDING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990630

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CLECO POWER LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000018672
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				720244480
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			LA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05663
		FILM NUMBER:		161968216

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 DONAHUE FERRY ROAD
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71360-5226
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3184847400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2030 DONAHUE FERRY ROAD
		CITY:			PINEVILLE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			71360-5226

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CLECO UTILITY GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990708

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTRAL LOUISIANA ELECTRIC CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001089819-16-000143.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 cnl-9302016xq3.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 
    
    x      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  Or 
           TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number 1-15759 
  CLECO CORPORATE HOLDINGS LLC 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Commission file number 1-05663 
  CLECO POWER LLC 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                 Louisiana 
  (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    72-0244480 
  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

2030 Donahue Ferry Road, Pineville, Louisiana 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
    71360-5226 
  (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (318) 484-7400 
        
      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrants: (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrants were required to file such reports) and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x    No     
        
      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrants have submitted electronically and posted on their corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrants were required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x    No     
        
      Indicate by check mark whether Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one):   
  Large accelerated filer                Accelerated filer                Non-accelerated filer   x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)          Smaller reporting company     
        
      Indicate by check mark whether Cleco Power LLC is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): 
  Large accelerated filer                Accelerated filer                Non-accelerated filer   x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)          Smaller reporting company     
        
      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrants are shell companies (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)  Yes          No   x 

As of   November 2, 2016  , Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC has no common stock outstanding. All of the outstanding interest of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC is held by Cleco Group LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners L.P. 
    
  Cleco Power LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC, meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format.                 

This Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is separately filed by Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC and Cleco Power LLC. Information in this filing relating to Cleco Power LLC is filed by Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC and separately by Cleco Power LLC on its own behalf. Cleco Power LLC makes no representation as to information relating to Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC (except as it may relate to Cleco Power LLC) or any other affiliate or subsidiary of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC. 
  This report should be read in its entirety as it pertains to each respective Registrant. The Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are combined. 
    
                   TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
       GLOSSARY OF TERMS  
    3 
       CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
    5 

PART I  
     Financial Information  
      
       ITEM 1.  
     Cleco Holdings   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited) 
    7 
        
     Cleco Power   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    (Unaudited) 
    17 
        
     Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    26 
       ITEM 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    50 
       ITEM 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    63 
       ITEM 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    65 

PART II  
     Other Information  
      
       ITEM 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    66 
       ITEM 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    66 
      ITEM 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
    66 
       ITEM 6.  
     Exhibits  
    66 
        
     Signatures  
    67 

2 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS 

References in this filing, including all items in Parts I and II, to  Cleco  mean Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC (Cleco Holdings) and its subsidiaries, including Cleco Power, and references to  Cleco Power  mean Cleco Power LLC and its subsidiaries, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. Additional abbreviations or acronyms used in this filing, including all items in Parts I and II, are defined below. 
                 ABBREVIATION OR ACRONYM 
    DEFINITION 
      401(k) Plan 
    Cleco Power 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan 
      ABR 
    Alternate Base Rate which is the greater of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50%, or the LIBOR plus 1.0% 
      Acadia 
    Acadia Power Partners, LLC, previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Midstream. Acadia Power Partners, LLC was dissolved effective August 29, 2014. 
      Acadia Unit 1 
    Cleco Power s 580-MW, combined cycle power plant located at the Acadia Power Station in Eunice, Louisiana 
      Acadia Unit 2 
    Entergy Louisiana s 580-MW, combined cycle power plant located at the Acadia Power Station in Eunice, Louisiana, which is operated by Cleco Power  
      AFUDC 
    Allowance for Funds Used During Construction 
      ALJ 
    Administrative Law Judge 
      Amended Lignite Mining Agreement 
    Amended and restated lignite mining agreement effective December 29, 2009 
      AMI 
    Advanced Metering Infrastructure 
      AOCI 
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
      ARO 
    Asset Retirement Obligation 
      Attala 
    Attala Transmission LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Holdings 
      CCR 
    Coal combustion by-products or residual 
      CPP 
    Clean Power Plan 
      Cleco Group 
    Cleco Group LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners 
      Cleco Katrina/Rita 
    Cleco Katrina/Rita Hurricane Recovery Funding LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Power 
      Cleco Partners 
    Cleco Partners L.P., a Delaware limited partnership that is owned by a consortium of investors, including funds or investment vehicles managed by Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets, British Columbia Investment Management Corporation, John Hancock Financial, and other infrastructure investors. 
      CO   2  
    Carbon dioxide 
      Coughlin 
    Cleco Power s 775-MW, combined-cycle power plant located in St. Landry, Louisiana  
      DHLC 
    Dolet Hills Lignite Company, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of SWEPCO 
      Diversified Lands 
    Diversified Lands LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Holdings  
      Dolet Hills 
    A 650-MW generating unit at Cleco Power s plant site in Mansfield, Louisiana. Cleco Power has a 50% ownership interest in the capacity of Dolet Hills. 
      EAC 
    Environmental Adjustment Clause 
      EGU 
    Electric Generating Unit 
      Entergy Gulf States 
    Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C. 
      Entergy Louisiana 
    Entergy Louisiana, LLC 
      EPA 
    U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
      ERO 
    Electric Reliability Organization 
      ESPP 
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
      Evangeline 
    Cleco Evangeline LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Midstream 
      FAC 
    Fuel Adjustment Clause 
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FERC 
    Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
      FTR 
    Financial Transmission Right  
      FRP 
    Formula Rate Plan 
      GAAP 
    Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the U.S. 
      IRP 
    Integrated Resource Plan 
      IRS 
    Internal Revenue Service 
      kWh 
    Kilowatt-hour(s) 
      LED 
    Louisiana Economic Development 
      LIBOR 
    London Interbank Offered Rate 
      LPSC 
    Louisiana Public Service Commission 
      LTIP 
    Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 
      Madison Unit 3 
    A 641-MW generating unit at Cleco Power s plant site in Boyce, Louisiana  
      MATS 
    Mercury and Air Toxics Standards 
      Merger 
    Merger of Merger Sub with and into Cleco Corporation pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement which was completed on April 13, 2016 
      Merger Agreement 
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 17, 2014, by and among Cleco Partners, Merger Sub, and Cleco Corporation 
      Merger Commitments 
    Cleco Partners , Cleco Holdings , and Cleco Power s 77 commitments to the LPSC as defined in Docket No. U-33434 of which a performance report must be filed annually by October 31 for the 12 months ending June 30 

3 

ABBREVIATION OR ACRONYM 
    DEFINITION 
      Merger Sub 
    Cleco MergerSub Inc., previously an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners that was merged with and into Cleco Corporation, with Cleco Corporation surviving the Merger, and Cleco Corporation converting to a limited liability company and changing its name to Cleco Holdings 
      Midstream 
    Cleco Midstream Resources LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Holdings 
      MISO 
    Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. 
      Moody s 
    Moody s Investors Service, a credit rating agency 
      MW 
    Megawatt(s) 
      MWh 
    Megawatt-hour(s) 
      NAAQS 
    National Ambient Air Quality Standards 
      NERC 
    North American Electric Reliability Corporation 
      NMTC 
    New Markets Tax Credit 
      NMTC Fund 
    USB NMTC Fund 2008-1 LLC was formed to invest in projects qualifying for New Markets Tax Credits and Solar Projects 
      NO   x  
    Nitrogen oxides 
      Oxbow 
    Oxbow Lignite Company, LLC, 50% owned by Cleco Power and 50% owned by SWEPCO 
      Perryville 
    Perryville Energy Partners, L.L.C., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Holdings 
      Registrant(s) 
    Cleco Holdings and/or Cleco Power 
      Rodemacher Unit 2 
    A 523-MW generating unit at Cleco Power s plant site in Boyce, Louisiana. Cleco Power has a 30% ownership interest in the capacity of Rodemacher Unit 2. 
      ROE 
    Return on equity 
      RTO 
    Regional Transmission Organization 
      S P 
    Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, a credit rating agency 
      SEC 
    U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SERP 
    Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 
      SO   2  
    Sulfur dioxide 
      Support Group 
    Cleco Support Group LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Holdings 
      SWEPCO 
    Southwestern Electric Power Company, an electric utility subsidiary of American Electric Power Company, Inc.  
      VaR 
    Value-at-Risk 

4 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes  forward-looking statements  about future events, circumstances, and results. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Combined Quarterly Report are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, future capital expenditures; business strategies; goals, beliefs, plans and objectives; competitive strengths; market developments; development and operation of facilities; growth in sales volume; meeting capacity requirements; expansion of service to existing customers and service to new customers; future environmental regulations and remediation liabilities; electric customer credits; and the anticipated outcome of various regulatory and legal proceedings. Although the Registrants believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions (some of which may prove to be incorrect) and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the Registrants  expectations. In addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with these forward-looking statements, the following list identifies some of the factors that could cause the Registrants  actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any of the Registrants  forward-looking statements: 

the effects of the Merger on Cleco Holdings  and Cleco Power s business relationships, operating results, and business generally,  
                
    regulatory factors such as changes in rate-setting practices or policies; the unpredictability in political actions of governmental regulatory bodies; adverse regulatory ratemaking actions; recovery of investments made under traditional regulation; recovery of storm restoration costs; the frequency, timing, and amount of rate increases or decreases; the impact that rate cases or requests for FRP extensions may have on operating decisions of Cleco Power; the results of periodic NERC, LPSC, and FERC audits; participation in MISO and the related operating challenges and uncertainties, including increased wholesale competition relative to more suppliers; and compliance with the ERO reliability standards for bulk power systems by Cleco Power, 
                
    the ability to recover fuel costs through the FAC, 
                
    factors affecting utility operations, such as unusual weather conditions or other natural phenomena; catastrophic weather-related damage caused by hurricanes and other storms or severe drought conditions; unscheduled generation outages; unanticipated maintenance or repairs; unanticipated changes to fuel costs or fuel supply costs, fuel shortages, transportation problems, or other developments; fuel mix of Cleco s generating facilities; decreased customer load; environmental incidents and compliance costs; and power transmission system constraints, 
                
    reliance on third parties for determination of Cleco Power s commitments and obligations to markets for generation resources and reliance on third-party transmission services, 

global and domestic economic conditions, including the ability of customers to continue paying utility bills, related growth and/or downsizing of businesses in Cleco s service area, monetary fluctuations, changes in commodity prices, and inflation rates,  
                
    the ability of the lignite reserves at Dolet Hills to provide sufficient fuel to the Dolet Hills Power Station until at least 2036, 
                
    Cleco Power s ability to maintain its right to sell wholesale power at market-based rates within its control area,  
                
    Cleco Power s dependence on energy from sources other than its facilities and future sources of such additional energy, 
                
    reliability of Cleco Power s generating facilities, 
                
    the imposition of energy efficiency requirements or increased conservation efforts of customers, 
                
    the impact of current or future environmental laws and regulations, including those related to CCRs, greenhouse gases, and energy efficiency that could limit or terminate the operation of certain generating units, increase costs, or reduce customer demand for electricity, 
                
    the ability to recover costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations, including those through the EAC,  
                
    financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies imposed by FASB, the SEC, FERC, the LPSC, or similar entities with regulatory or accounting oversight,  
                
    changing market conditions and a variety of other factors associated with physical energy, financial transactions, and energy service activities, including, but not limited to, price, basis, credit, liquidity, volatility, capacity, transmission, interest rates, and warranty risks, 
                
    legal, environmental, and regulatory delays and other obstacles associated with acquisitions, reorganizations, investments in joint ventures, or other capital projects, 
                
    costs and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations, claims, and other matters,  
                
    the availability and use of alternative sources of energy and technologies, such as wind, solar, battery storage, and distributed generation, 
                
    changes in federal, state, or local laws (including tax laws), changes in tax rates, disallowances of tax positions, or changes in other regulating policies that may result in a change to tax benefits or expenses, 
                
    the restriction on the ability of Cleco Power to make distributions to Cleco Holdings in certain instances, as a result of the Merger Commitments, 
                
    Cleco Holdings  dependence on the earnings, dividends, or distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations, 

5 

acts of terrorism, cyber attacks, data security breaches or other attempts to disrupt Cleco s business or the business of third parties, or other man-made disasters, 
                
    nonperformance by and creditworthiness of the guarantor counterparty of the NMTC Fund, 
                
    credit ratings of Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power, 
                
    the ability to remain in compliance with debt covenants, 
                
    the availability or cost of capital resulting from changes in global markets, Cleco s business or financial condition, interest rates, or market perceptions of the electric utility industry and energy-related industries, and 
                
    employee work force factors, including aging workforce and changes in management. 

For more discussion of these factors and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in the Registrants  forward-looking statements, please see  Risk Factors  in the Registrants  Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, and in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Registrants, or persons acting on their behalf, are expressly qualified in their entirety by the factors identified above. 
  The Registrants undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of changes in actual results, changes in assumptions, or other factors affecting such statements. 

6 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Cleco Holdings 
  These unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with Cleco Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes included in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . For more information on the basis of presentation, see  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   Basis of Presentation.  
  
   7 

8 

9 

10 

11 

12 

13 

14 

15 

16 

ITEM 1.          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Cleco Power 
  These unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with Cleco Power s Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes included in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . For more information on the basis of presentation, see  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   Basis of Presentation.  

17 

18 

19 

20 

21 

22 

23 

24 

25 

Index to Applicable Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Registrants 

Note 1 
    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 2 
    Business Combinations 
    Cleco Holdings 
      Note 3 
    Recent Authoritative Guidance 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 4 
    Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 5 
    Fair Value Accounting 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 6 
    Debt 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 7 
    Pension Plan and Employee Benefits 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 8 
    Income Taxes 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 9 
    Disclosures about Segments 
    Cleco Holdings 
      Note 10 
    Regulation and Rates 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 11 
    Variable Interest Entities 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 12 
    Litigation, Other Commitments and Contingencies, and     Disclosures about Guarantees 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 13 
    Affiliate Transactions 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 14 
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 
      Note 15 
    Intangible Assets and Goodwill 
    Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power 

Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Cleco include the accounts of Cleco and its majority-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany accounts and transactions. 

Basis of Presentation 
  On April 13, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed its merger with Merger Sub whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Cleco Corporation, with Cleco Corporation surviving the Merger, and Cleco Corporation converting to a limited liability company and changing its name to Cleco Holdings, as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Group and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners. At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of Cleco Corporation common stock, par value   $1.00   per share (other than shares that were owned by Cleco Corporation, Cleco Partners, Merger Sub, or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners or Cleco Corporation), were cancelled and were converted into the right to receive   $55.37   per share in cash, without interest, with all dividends payable before the effective time of the Merger.  
  Cleco Holdings has accounted for the merger transaction by applying the acquisition method of accounting. The objective of the acquisition method is to establish a new accounting basis for the acquiree, Cleco Holdings and its subsidiaries, and requires the acquirer, Cleco Group, to recognize and measure the acquiree s assets and liabilities at fair value as of the acquisition date. Cleco Power s assets and liabilities were recorded at historical cost since Cleco did not elect pushdown accounting at the Cleco Power level. The financial statements and accompanying footnotes for Cleco have been segregated to present pre-merger activity as the  Predecessor  and post-merger activity as the  Successor.  The predecessor period is not comparable to the successor period. 

The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to the Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X. Accordingly, these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for annual financial statements. The year-end Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet data was derived from audited financial statements. Because the interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for annual financial statements, the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and other information included in this quarterly report should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, in the opinion of management, reflect all normal recurring adjustments that are necessary to fairly present the financial position and results of operations of Cleco. Amounts reported in Cleco s interim financial statements are not necessarily indicative of amounts expected for the annual periods due to the effects of seasonal temperature variations on energy consumption, regulatory rulings, the timing of maintenance on electric generating units, changes in mark-to-market valuations, changing commodity prices, effects of the completion of the Merger, discrete income tax items, and other factors. 
  In preparing financial statements that conform to GAAP, management must make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. For information on recent authoritative guidance and its effect on financial results, see Note 3    Recent Authoritative Guidance.  

26 

Reclassifications 
  Reclassifications have been made to the 2015 financial statements to conform them to the presentation used in the 2016 financial statements. Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for the year ended December 31, 2015, have been adjusted to reflect credit facility debt issuance costs as Other deferred charges as compared to Long-term debt, net as presented in the prior year. The amount of the reclassification was $  0.7 million   and $  0.4 million   for Cleco and Cleco Power, respectively. These reclassifications had no effect on Cleco or Cleco Power s net income or equity. 

Goodwill 
  Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price (consideration transferred and liabilities assumed) over the estimated fair value of net assets of the acquired business and is not subject to amortization. Goodwill will be assessed annually or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. If the fair value of Cleco is less than the carrying value, a full valuation of Cleco s assets and liabilities, conducted as though Cleco were a newly acquired business, would occur. For more information on goodwill, see Note 15    Intangible Assets and Goodwill.  

Intangible Assets 
  Intangible assets include Cleco Katrina/Rita s right to bill and collect storm recovery charges, fair value adjustments for long-term wholesale power supply agreements, and a fair value adjustment for the valuation of the Cleco trade name. The intangible assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives in a manner that best reflects the economic benefits derived from such assets. Impairment will be tested if there are events or circumstances that indicate that an impairment analysis should be performed. If such an event or circumstance occurs, intangible impairment testing will be performed prior to goodwill impairment testing. Impairment is calculated as the excess of the asset s carrying amount over its fair value. For more information on intangible assets, see Note 15    Intangible Assets and Goodwill.  

Property, Plant, and Equipment 
  Property, plant, and equipment consist primarily of regulated utility generation and energy transmission and distribution assets. Regulated assets, utilized primarily for retail operations and electric transmission and distribution, are stated at the cost of construction, which includes certain materials, labor, payroll taxes and benefits, administrative and general costs, and the estimated cost of funds used during construction. Jointly owned assets are reflected in property, plant, and equipment at Cleco Power s share of the cost to construct or purchase the assets. 
  Most of the carrying value of Cleco s assets were determined to be stated at fair value at the Merger date, considering that most of these assets are subject to regulation by the LPSC and FERC. A fair value adjustment was made to record the stepped-up basis for the Coughlin assets, since Cleco Power is able to earn a return on and recover these costs from customers. At the date of the Merger, the gross balance of fixed depreciable assets at Cleco was adjusted to be net of accumulated depreciation, as   no   accumulated depreciation existed on the date of the Merger. Since pushdown accounting was not elected at the Cleco Power level, Cleco Power retained its accumulated depreciation. For  

more information about merger related adjustments to property, plant, and equipment, see Note 2    Business Combinations.  
  Cleco and Cleco Power s property, plant, and equipment consisted of: 

Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Various agreements to which Cleco is subject contain covenants that restrict its use of cash. As certain provisions under these agreements are met, cash is transferred out of related escrow accounts and becomes available for its intended purposes and/or general corporate purposes.  
  Cleco and Cleco Power s restricted cash and cash equivalents consisted of:  

27 

Cleco Katrina/Rita has the right to bill and collect storm restoration costs from Cleco Power s customers. As cash is collected, it is restricted for payment of administration fees, interest, and principal on storm recovery bonds. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Katrina/Rita collected   $15.5 million   net of administration fees. In March and September 2016, Cleco Katrina/Rita used   $8.5 million   and   $8.3 million  , respectively, for scheduled storm recovery bond principal payments and   $2.3 million   and   $2.1 million  , respectively, for related interest payments. 
  Included in the Merger Commitments were   $6.0 million   of charitable contributions to be disbursed over five years and   $136.0 million   of rate credits to eligible customers. On April 25, 2016, in accordance with the Merger Commitments, Cleco Power established the charitable contribution fund and also deposited the rate credit funds into an escrow account. On April 28, 2016, the LPSC voted to issue the rate credits equally to customers with service as of June 30, 2016, beginning in July 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $0.5 million   of the charitable contributions and   $107.7 million   of the rate credits had been remitted from restricted cash. 

Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 
  Various accounting pronouncements require certain assets and liabilities to be measured at their fair values. Some assets and liabilities are required to be measured at their fair value each reporting period, while others are required to be measured only one time, generally on the date of acquisition or debt issuance. Cleco and Cleco Power disclose the fair value of certain assets and liabilities by one of three levels when required for recognition purposes. For more information about fair value levels, see Note 5    Fair Value Accounting.  

Risk Management 
  Market risk inherent in Cleco s market risk-sensitive instruments and positions includes potential changes in value arising from changes in interest rates and the commodity market prices of power, FTRs, and natural gas in the industry on different energy exchanges. Cleco s Energy Market Risk Management Policy authorizes the use of various derivative instruments, including exchange traded futures and option contracts, forward purchase and sales contracts, and swap transactions to reduce exposure to fluctuations in the price of power, FTRs, and natural gas. Cleco evaluates derivatives and hedging activities to determine whether the market risk-sensitive instruments and positions are required to be marked-to-market. 
  Cleco Power may also enter into risk mitigating positions that would not meet the requirements of a normal-purchase, normal-sale transaction in order to attempt to mitigate the volatility in customer fuel costs. These positions would be marked-to-market with the resulting gain or loss recorded on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of energy risk management assets or liabilities. Such gain or loss would be deferred as a component of deferred fuel assets or liabilities in accordance with regulatory policy. When these positions close, actual gains or losses would be included in the FAC and reflected on customers  bills as a component of the fuel cost adjustment. In June 2015, the LPSC approved a long-term natural gas hedging pilot program that requires Cleco Power to establish a proposal for a program that will be designed to provide gas price stability for a minimum of five years. This proposal is currently scheduled to be submitted to the LPSC in the second  

half of 2017. There were   no   open natural gas positions at   September 30, 2016  , or   December 31, 2015  . 
  Cleco Power purchases the majority of its FTRs in annual auctions facilitated by MISO during the second quarter of each year and may also purchase additional FTRs in monthly auctions facilitated by MISO. FTRs are derivative instruments which represent economic hedges of future congestion charges that will be incurred in serving Cleco Power s customer load. FTRs are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Cleco Power initially records FTRs at their estimated fair value and subsequently adjusts the carrying value to their estimated fair value at the end of each accounting period based on the most recent MISO FTR auction prices. Unrealized gains or losses on FTRs held by Cleco Power are included in Accumulated deferred fuel on Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Realized gains or losses on settled FTRs are recorded in Fuel used for electric generation on Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets reflected the fair value of open FTR positions of   $10.0 million   in Energy risk management assets and   $0.4 million   in Energy risk management liabilities, compared to   $7.7 million   in Energy risk management assets and   $0.3 million   in Energy risk management liabilities at December 31, 2015. For more information on FTRs, see Note 5    Fair Value Accounting   Commodity Contracts.  
  Cleco and Cleco Power maintain a master netting agreement policy and monitor credit risk exposure through review of counterparty credit quality, aggregate counterparty credit exposure, and aggregate counterparty concentration levels. Cleco manages these risks by establishing appropriate credit and concentration limits on transactions with counterparties and requiring contractual guarantees, cash deposits, or letters of credit from counterparties or their affiliates, as deemed necessary. Cleco Power has agreements in place with various counterparties that authorize the netting of financial buys and sells and contract payments to mitigate credit risk for transactions entered into for risk management purposes. 
  Cleco may enter into contracts to mitigate the volatility in interest rate risk. These contracts include, but are not limited to, interest rate swaps and treasury rate locks. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and the year ended   December 31, 2015  , Cleco did not enter into any contracts to mitigate the volatility in interest rate risk. 

Accounting for MISO Transactions 
  Cleco Power participates in MISO s Energy and Operating Reserve market where sales and purchases are netted hourly. If the hourly activity nets to sales, the result is reported in Electric operations on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. If the hourly activity nets to purchases, the result is reported in Power purchased for utility customers on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Stock-Based Compensation 
  Prior to the completion of the Merger, Cleco had two stock-based compensation plans: the ESPP and the LTIP. As a result of the completion of the Merger, the ESPP and the LTIP were terminated.  
  Pursuant to the terms of the LTIP, certain officers, key employees, and directors of Cleco were eligible to be granted  

28 

stock options, restricted stock, also known as non-vested stock, common stock equivalents, and stock appreciation rights. For the predecessor period January 1, 2016, through April 12, 2016, Cleco granted   no   shares of non-vested stock pursuant to the LTIP. As a result of the completion of the Merger, all unvested shares outstanding under the LTIP that were granted prior to January 1, 2015, vested at target and were paid out in cash to plan participants. Unvested shares that were granted during 2015 were prorated to the target  

amount and paid out in cash to plan participants in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. In April 2016, Cleco incurred   $2.3 million   of merger expense due to the accelerated vesting of the LTIP shares for the predecessor period. For more information about the Merger, see Note 2    Business Combinations.  
  Cleco and Cleco Power reported pretax compensation expense for their share-based compensation plans as shown in the following tables: 

Note 2   Business Combinations 

On April 13, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed its merger with Merger Sub whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Cleco Corporation, with Cleco Corporation surviving the Merger, and Cleco Corporation converting to a limited liability company and changing its name to Cleco Holdings, as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Group and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners. At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of Cleco Corporation common stock, par value   $1.00   per share (other than shares that were owned by Cleco Corporation, Cleco Partners, Merger Sub, or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners or Cleco Corporation), were cancelled and were converted into the right to receive   $55.37   per share in cash, without interest, with all dividends payable before the effective time of the Merger.  
    
  Regulatory Matters 
  On March 28, 2016, the LPSC approved the Merger. The LPSC s written order approving the Merger was issued on April 7, 2016. Approval of the Merger was conditioned upon certain commitments, including   $136.0 million   of customer rate credits, a   $7.0 million   one-time contribution for economic development in Cleco Power s service territory to be administered by the LED or another state agency,   $6.0 million   of charitable contributions to be disbursed over five years, and   $2.5 million   of contributions for economic development for Louisiana state and local organizations to be disbursed over five years. These commitment costs were accrued on April 13, 2016, and are included in Merger transaction and commitment costs and Merger commitment costs on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, respectively. In addition, the Merger Commitments also included   $1.2 million   of annual refunds to customers representing cost savings due to the Merger. For more information, see Note 10    Regulation and Rates.  

Accounting for the Merger Transaction 
  The total purchase price consideration was approximately   $3.36 billion  , which consisted of cash paid to Cleco Corporation shareholders of   $3.35 billion   and cash paid for Cleco LTIP equity awards of   $9.5 million  . There were   no   remaining LTIP equity awards as of the close of the Merger. 
  Pushdown accounting was applied to Cleco Holdings, and accordingly, the Cleco Holdings consolidated assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded on April 13, 2016, at their estimated fair values as follows: 

Cleco Power s assets and liabilities were recorded at historical cost since Cleco did not elect pushdown accounting at the Cleco Power level. 

29 

The following tables present the preliminary fair value adjustments to Cleco Holdings  balance sheet and recognition of goodwill: 

Most of the carrying values of Cleco s assets and liabilities were determined to be stated at fair value at the Merger date, considering that most of these assets are subject to regulation by the LPSC and FERC. Under such regulation, rates charged to customers are established by a regulator to provide for recovery of costs and a fair return on rate base and are generally measured at historical cost. As such, a market participant would not expect to recover any more or less than the carrying value of the assets. Prior to the Merger, the Coughlin step-up value was not recorded on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the accounting treatment for the transfer of that asset in March 2014. However, the recovery of the step-up value of the Coughlin asset was approved by the LPSC for recovery in base rates, including a return on rate base. On the date of the Merger, the step-up value for the Coughlin asset was recognized on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet since Cleco Power is able to earn a return on and recover these costs from its customers. The beginning balance of fixed depreciable assets was shown net at the date of the Merger, as   no   accumulated depreciation existed on the date of the Merger.  
  The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of assets acquired and the liabilities assumed was   $1.49 billion  , which was recognized as goodwill by Cleco Holdings at the Merger date. The goodwill represents the potential long-term return of Cleco to its member. 
  A fair value adjustment was recorded on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet to reflect the valuation of the Cleco trade name. This adjustment is classified as an Intangible asset on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The valuation of the trade name was estimated by applying the relief-from-royalty method under the income approach. This valuation method is based on the premise that, in lieu of ownership of the asset, a company would be willing to pay a royalty to a third-party for the use of that asset. The owner of the asset is spared this cost, and the value of the asset is estimated by the cost savings. The projected revenue attributed to the trade name was based on projections of the value of Cleco s wholesale contracts. The trade name is being amortized over   20 years  . The amortization of the Cleco trade name is included in Depreciation and amortization on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. 
  On the date of the Merger, fair value adjustments were recorded on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet for the difference between the contract price and the market price of long-term wholesale power supply agreements. These adjustments are classified as Intangible assets on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The valuation of the power supply agreements was estimated using the income  

approach. The income approach is based upon discounted projected future cash flows associated with the underlying contracts. The intangible assets for the power supply agreements will be amortized over the remaining term of the applicable contract. The amortization of the power supply agreements is included in Electric operations on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income.  
  The net increase in deferred tax liabilities on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet represents the differences between the assigned fair values of assets acquired and their related income tax basis, net of a deferred tax asset representing the net operating loss carryforward that will be utilized in future periods. As the underlying asset assigned fair values are amortized, the related deferred tax liabilities will be included in income tax expense. Goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes; therefore,   no   deferred income tax assets or liabilities were recognized for goodwill. 
  Other fair value adjustments were recorded for long-term debt, postretirement benefit remeasurements and deferred losses, and interest rate derivative settlement gains/losses. These fair value adjustments are subject to rate regulation, but do not earn a return. In these instances, a corresponding regulatory asset was established, as the underlying utility asset or liability amounts are recoverable from or refundable to customers at historical cost through the rate setting process. These regulatory assets established to offset fair value adjustments are amortized in amounts and over time frames consistent with the realization or settlement of the fair value adjustments. For more information, see Note 4    Regulatory Assets and Liabilities.  
  The valuations performed in the second quarter of 2016 to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed were considered preliminary as a result of the short time period between the closing of the Merger and the end of the second quarter of 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, valuations were performed for the final valuation and assessment of the postretirement benefit plans as of April 13, 2016, and the economic useful life of the Cleco trade name. Accounting guidance provides that the allocation of the purchase price may be modified up to one year from the date of the Merger, as more information is obtained about the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The preliminary amounts recognized are subject to revision until the valuations are completed and to the extent that additional information is obtained about the facts and circumstances that existed as of the date of the Merger. Cleco has not yet completed its evaluation and determination of the fair value of certain assets and liabilities acquired. Cleco expects the final valuations and assessments to be complete by the end of 2016, which may affect the purchase price allocation and goodwill. 
   
               Note 3   Recent Authoritative Guidance 

The Registrants adopted, or will adopt, the recent authoritative guidance listed below on their respective effective dates. 
  In May 2014, FASB amended the accounting guidance for revenue recognition. The amended guidance affects entities that enter into contracts for the transfer of non-financial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards. The core principle of this guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Under the new  

30 

guidance, an entity must identify the performance obligations in a contract and the transaction price, and allocate the price to specific performance obligations to recognize the revenue when the obligation is completed. The amendments in this update also require disclosure of sufficient information to allow users to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flow arising from contracts. In August 2015, FASB amended the revenue recognition guidance to provide for a one-year deferral of the effective date. The standard will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Cleco does not plan to early adopt the amended guidance. Reporting entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach. Management will evaluate the advantages and disadvantages of each transition method before selecting the method of adoption. Management is assessing the potential areas of impact, including the identification of specific contracts that would fall under the scope of this guidance. Management will continue to evaluate the impact of this guidance. The amended guidance could have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In July 2015, FASB issued the accounting guidance to simplify the measurement of inventory. This guidance requires entities to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The adoption of this guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. These amendments should be applied prospectively with earlier application permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. Management does not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In September 2015, FASB amended the business combinations guidance to simplify the accounting for measurement-period adjustments. This guidance eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for these adjustments. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. This amendment should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date with earlier application permitted. Cleco was subject to this guidance starting January 1, 2016. As a result of the Merger on April 13, 2016, Cleco adopted this guidance and does not expect it to have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants as a result of provisional merger adjustments in future periods.  
  In January 2016, FASB amended the guidance for recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities. These amendments address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years. Early adoption of certain provisions of this guidance is permitted as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Entities should apply these amendments by  

means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amendments related to equity securities without readily determinable fair value should be applied prospectively to equity investments that exist as of the date of adoption. Management does not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In February 2016, FASB amended the guidance to account for leases. This guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. The modified retrospective approach includes practical expedients that may be elected by entities. Management will continue to evaluate the impact of this guidance. The amended guidance could have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In March 2016, FASB amended the derivatives and hedging accounting guidance to address the effect of derivative contract novations on existing hedge accounting relationships. The amended guidance clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of the hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. Entities have the option to apply these amendments on either a prospective basis or a modified retrospective basis. This guidance will not have an impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In March 2016, FASB amended the derivatives and hedging accounting guidance related to contingent put and call options in debt instruments. This guidance clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent put and call options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. Entities performing the assessment will be required to assess the embedded put and call options solely in accordance with the four-step decision sequence clarified in the amended guidance. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. Entities should apply these amendments on a modified retrospective basis to existing debt instruments as of the beginning of the fiscal year for which the amendments are effective. Management is evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In March 2016, FASB amended the accounting guidance to simplify the transition to the equity method of accounting. This guidance impacts entities that have an investment that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence. This amended guidance eliminates the requirement to retroactively adopt the equity method of  

31 

accounting. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. These amendments should be applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that results in the adoption of the equity method. Management does not expect this guidance to have any impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In March 2016, FASB amended the stock compensation guidance to provide for improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. The adoption of this guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those periods. Early adoption is permitted. On April 13, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed the Merger and no longer has common stock; as a result, this guidance will not have an impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In June 2016, FASB amended the guidance for the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. The guidance affects entities holding financial assets and net investment in leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income. The guidance affects loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments in leases, off-balance-sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the contractual right to receive cash. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. Management does not expect this guidance to have any impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In August 2016, FASB amended the guidance for certain cash flow issues with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice. This guidance affects the cash flow classification related to certain types of transactions including debt, contingent consideration, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, and distributions from equity method investees. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted. Management is evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In October 2016, FASB amended the income tax guidance related to intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. Current GAAP prohibits the recognition of current and deferred income taxes for an intra-entity asset transfer until the asset has been sold to an outside party. This new guidance states that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The adoption of this guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for which financial statements have not been issued or made available for issuance. Management is currently evaluating the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  In October 2016, FASB amended the consolidations guidance as it relates to interest held through related parties that are under common control. This amended guidance changes the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the  

primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity (VIE) by changing how a reporting entity that is a single decision maker of a VIE treats indirect interests in the entity held through related parties that are under common control with the reporting entity. The adoption of this guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have an effect on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
   
               Note 4   Regulatory Assets and Liabilities 

Cleco capitalizes or defers certain costs for recovery from customers and recognizes a liability for amounts expected to be returned to customers based on regulatory approval and management s ongoing assessment that it is probable these items will be recovered or refunded through the ratemaking process.  
  Under the current regulatory environment, Cleco believes these regulatory assets will be fully recoverable; however, if in the future, as a result of regulatory changes or competition, Cleco s ability to recover these regulatory assets would no longer be probable, then to the extent that such regulatory assets were determined not to be recoverable, Cleco would be required to write-down such assets. In addition, potential deregulation of the industry or possible future changes in the method of rate regulation of Cleco could require discontinuance of the application of the authoritative guidance on regulated operations. 
  The following table summarizes Cleco Power s regulatory assets and liabilities: 

32 

The following table summarizes Cleco s net regulatory assets and liabilities: 

(1)   Cleco Holdings  regulatory assets include acquisition accounting adjustments as a result of the Merger.    
    
  Tree Trimming Costs 
  As a result of increased vegetation growth and to remain in compliance with regulatory requirements, Cleco Power anticipates the need to spend   $20.8 million   through December 2020 in tree and vegetation management costs. In September 2016, Cleco Power requested approval from the LPSC to defer a portion of these costs utilizing the same accounting treatment of similar costs approved in Dockets U-30689 and U-32779. In October 2016, the LPSC approved additional deferment of up to   $10.9 million  . Of the remaining costs,   $4.0 million   will be expensed to Maintenance on Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, and   $5.9 million   will be deferred and recovered in current base rates through June 2020. 
    
  Amended Lignite Mining Agreement Contingency 
  The provisions of the Amended Lignite Mining Agreement between Cleco Power, SWEPCO and DHLC include a requirement that if DHLC is unable to pay for loans and lease payments when due, Cleco Power and SWEPCO each will pay 50% of the amounts due. Any payments under this provision will be considered a prepayment of lignite to be delivered in the future and will be credited to future invoices from DHLC. Previously, Cleco Power recorded a liability of   $3.8 million   related to the amended agreement with an offsetting regulatory asset due to Cleco Power s ability to recover prudent fuel costs from customers through the FAC. Management determined that it does not expect to be required to pay DHLC under this guarantee. As a result of this determination, the liability and the offsetting regulatory asset were remeasured to   zero   during the second quarter of 2016. 
    
  MATS Costs 
  On February 1, 2016, the LPSC approved Cleco Power s request to recover the revenue requirements associated with the installation of MATS equipment. The MATS rule required affected EGUs to meet specific emission standards and work practice standards to address hazardous air pollutants by April 2015. The LPSC approval also allowed Cleco Power to record  

a regulatory asset of   $7.1 million   representing the unrecovered revenue requirements of the MATS equipment placed in service in the years prior to the LPSC review and approval. This amount is being amortized over   three   years beginning on January 1, 2016. 
    
  Fuel and Purchased Power 
  The cost of fuel used for electric generation and power purchased for utility customers are recovered through the LPSC-established FAC or related wholesale contract provisions, which enable Cleco Power to pass on to its customers substantially all such charges. For the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , approximately   74%   and   75%  , respectively, of Cleco Power s total fuel cost was regulated by the LPSC. 
  Fuel and purchased power increased   $10.6 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Of this amount,   $13.6 million   was due to higher fuel costs and power purchases, the timing of collections, and customer usage, partially offset by a   $3.0 million   decrease in the mark-to-market value of FTRs.  
    
  Cleco Holdings  Merger Adjustments 
  As a result of the Merger, Cleco implemented acquisition accounting, which eliminated AOCI at the Cleco Holdings consolidated level on the date of the Merger. Cleco will continue to recover expenses related to certain postretirement costs; therefore, Cleco recognized a regulatory asset based on its determination that these costs can continue to be collected from customers. These costs will be amortized to Other operations expense over the average remaining service period of participating employees. Cleco will also continue to recover financing costs associated with the settlement of two treasury rate locks and a forward starting swap contract that were previously recognized in AOCI. Additionally, as a result of the Merger, a regulatory asset was recorded for debt issuance costs that were eliminated at Cleco Holdings and a regulatory asset was recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of long-term debt. These regulatory assets will be amortized over the terms of the related debt issuances.  
   
               Note 5   Fair Value Accounting 

The amounts reflected on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , for cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate fair value because of their short-term nature.  
  The following tables summarize the carrying value and estimated market value of Cleco and Cleco Power s financial instruments not measured at fair value on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets:   

33 

Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures 
  Cleco classifies assets and liabilities that are either measured or disclosed at their fair value according to three different levels depending on the inputs used in determining fair value. 

The following tables disclose for Cleco and Cleco Power the fair value of financial assets and liabilities measured or disclosed on a recurring basis: 

The following tables summarize the net changes in the net fair value of FTR assets and liabilities classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for Cleco and Cleco Power: 

34 

The following tables quantify the significant unobservable inputs used in developing the fair value of Level 3 positions as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   for Cleco and Cleco Power: 

Cleco utilizes different valuation techniques for fair value calculations. In order to measure the fair value for Level 1 assets and liabilities, Cleco obtains the closing price from published indices in active markets for the various instruments and multiplies this price by the appropriate number of instruments held. Level 2 fair values are determined by obtaining the closing price of similar assets and liabilities from published indices in active markets and then discounting the price to the current period using a U.S. Treasury published interest rate as a proxy for a risk-free rate of return. Cleco has consistently applied the Level 2 fair value technique from fiscal period to fiscal period. Level 3 fair values occur in situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date and therefore RTO auction prices are used. Significant increases or decreases in any of those inputs in isolation would result in a significantly different fair value measurement. 
  The assets and liabilities reported at fair value are grouped into classes based on the underlying nature and risks associated with the individual asset or liability.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco and Cleco Power were exposed to concentrations of credit risk through their short-term investments classified as cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents. The institutional money market funds were reported on the Cleco Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet in cash and cash equivalents, current restricted cash and cash equivalents, and non-current restricted cash and cash equivalents of   $78.2 million  ,   $31.7 million  , and   $22.8 million  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016  . At Cleco Power, the institutional money market funds were reported on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet in cash and cash equivalents, current restricted cash and cash equivalents, and  

non-current restricted cash and cash equivalents of   $52.4 million  ,   $31.7 million  , and   $22.8 million  , respectively, at   September 30, 2016  . If the money market funds failed to perform under the terms of the investments, Cleco and Cleco Power would be exposed to a loss of the invested amounts. Collateral on these types of investments is not required by Cleco or Cleco Power. The Level 2 institutional money market funds asset consists of a single class. In order to capture interest income and minimize risk, cash is invested in money market funds that invest primarily in short-term securities issued by the U.S. Treasury to maintain liquidity and achieve the goal of a net asset value of a dollar. The risks associated with this class are counterparty risk of the fund manager and risk of price volatility associated with the underlying securities of the fund. 
  Cleco Power s FTRs were priced using MISO s monthly auction prices. Forward seasonal periods are not included in every monthly auction; therefore, the average of the most recent seasonal auction prices are used for monthly valuation. FTRs are categorized as Level 3 fair value measurements because the only relevant pricing available comes from MISO auctions, which occur monthly in the Multi-Period Monthly Auction.  
  The Level 2 long-term debt liability consists of a single class. In order to fund capital requirements, Cleco issues fixed and variable rate long-term debt with various tenors. The fair value of this class fluctuates as the market interest rates for fixed and variable rate debt with similar tenors and credit ratings change. The fair value of the debt could also change from period to period due to changes in the credit rating of the Cleco entity by which the debt was issued. 

35 

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and the year ended   December 31, 2015  , Cleco did   no  t experience any transfers between levels within the fair value hierarchy. 

Commodity Contracts 
  The following tables present the fair values of derivative instruments and their respective line items as recorded on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at   September 30, 2016  , and December 31,   2015  : 

The following tables present the effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for  

the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  : 

(1)   For the periods July 1, 2016 - September 30, 2016, January 1, 2016 - April 12, 2016, and April 13, 2016 - September 30, 2016, unrealized gains (losses) associated with FTRs of   $1.8 million  ,   $(1.0) million  , and   $2.5 million  , respectively, were reported through Accumulated deferred fuel on the balance sheet. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, unrealized (losses) gains associated with FTRs of   $(0.7) million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, were reported through Accumulated deferred fuel on the balance sheet. 

(1)   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, unrealized gains associated with FTRs of   $1.8 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively, were reported through Accumulated deferred fuel on the balance sheet. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, unrealized (losses) gains associated with FTRs of   $(0.7) million   and   $1.1 million  , respectively, were reported through Accumulated deferred fuel on the balance sheet 
    
    At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Cleco Power had   no   open positions hedged for natural gas. In June 2015, the LPSC approved a long-term natural gas hedging pilot program that requires Cleco Power to establish a proposal for a program that will be designed to provide gas price stability for a minimum of five years. This proposal is currently scheduled to be submitted to the LPSC in the second half of 2017. 
  Cleco Power purchases the majority of its FTRs in annual auctions facilitated by MISO during the second quarter of each year and may also purchase additional FTRs in monthly  

auctions facilitated by MISO. FTRs are derivative instruments which represent economic hedges of future congestion charges that will be incurred in serving Cleco Power s customer load. FTRs represent rights to congestion credits or charges along a path during a given time frame for a certain MW quantity. FTRs are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. The total volume of FTRs that Cleco Power had outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , was   13.4 million   MWh and   8.4 million   MWh, respectively.  

36 

Short-term Debt 
  At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Cleco and Cleco Power had   no   short-term debt outstanding. 
    
  Long-term Debt 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco s long-term debt outstanding was   $2.76 billion  , of which   $20.4 million   was due within one year. The long-term debt due within one year at   September 30, 2016  , represents   $17.9 million   of principal payments for the Cleco Katrina/Rita storm recovery bonds and   $2.5 million   of capital lease payments. 
  In connection with the completion of the Merger, on April 13, 2016, Cleco Holdings entered into a   $1.35 billion   Acquisition Loan Facility. The Acquisition Loan Facility had a   three  -year term and a rate of LIBOR plus   1.75%   or ABR plus   0.75%  . In May and June 2016, Cleco Holdings refinanced the Acquisition Loan Facility with a series of other long-term financing described below. 
  On May 17, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed the public sale of   $535.0 million   of   3.743%   senior notes due May 1, 2026, and   $350.0 million   of   4.973%   senior notes due May 1, 2046. On May 24, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed the private sale of   $165.0 million   of   3.250%   senior notes due May 1, 2023. On June 28, 2016, Cleco Holdings entered into a   $300.0 million   variable rate bank term loan due June 28, 2021. Amounts outstanding under the bank term loan bear interest, at Cleco s option, at a base rate plus   0.625%   or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus   1.625%  . On July 1, 2016, the bank term loan was converted to a LIBOR-based rate. At September 30, 2016, the all-in rate was   2.155%  . The proceeds from the issuance and sale of these notes and term loan were used to repay the   $1.35 billion   Acquisition Loan Facility, as well as fees and expenses related to the offering. Debt issuance costs of   $17.7 million   were recorded in connection with the repayment of the Acquisition Loan Facility. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power s long-term debt outstanding was   $1.24 billion  , of which   $20.4 million   was due within one year. The long-term debt due within one year at   September 30, 2016  , represents   $17.9 million   of principal payments for the Cleco Katrina/Rita storm recovery bonds and   $2.5 million   of capital lease payments. For Cleco Power, long-term debt   decreased     $17.8 million   from   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to   $16.8 million   in scheduled Cleco Katrina/Rita storm recovery bond principal payments made in March and September 2016 and a   $1.9 million   decrease in capital lease obligations. These decreases were partially offset by   $0.6 million   of debt issuance cost amortizations and   $0.3 million   of debt discount amortizations.  
  On November 1, 2016, Cleco Power redeemed at par   $60.0 million   of   4.70%   Solid Waste Disposal Facility bonds due November 2036. As part of the redemption, Cleco Power paid    $1.4 million   of accrued interest on the redeemed bonds. 
    
  Credit Facilities 
  On April 13, 2016, in connection with the completion of the Merger, Cleco Holdings replaced its existing   $250.0 million   credit facility with a   $100.0 million   credit facility. The new credit facility has similar terms as the previous facility, including restricted financial covenants, and expires in 2021. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Holdings was in compliance with the covenants of its credit facility. The borrowing costs under  

Cleco Holdings  new credit facility are equal to LIBOR plus   1.75%   or ABR plus   0.75%  , plus commitment fees of   0.275%  . At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Holdings had   no   borrowings outstanding under its   $100.0 million   credit facility. 
  On April 13, 2016, in connection with the completion of the Merger, Cleco Power replaced its existing   $300.0 million   credit facility with a new   $300.0 million   credit facility. The new credit facility has similar terms as the previous facility, including restricted financial covenants, and expires in 2021. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power was in compliance with the covenants of its credit facility. The borrowing costs under Cleco Power s new credit facility are equal to LIBOR plus   1.125%   or ABR plus   0.125%  , plus commitment fees of   0.125%  . At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had   no   borrowings outstanding under its   $300.0 million   credit facility. A   $2.0 million   letter of credit issued to MISO is covered under a standing letter of credit outside of Cleco Power s credit facility; therefore, it does not reduce the borrowing capacity of Cleco Power s new credit facility. 
   
               Note 7   Pension Plan and Employee Benefits 

Pension Plan and Other Benefits Plan 
  Employees hired before August 1, 2007, are covered by a non-contributory, defined benefit pension plan. Benefits under the plan reflect an employee s years of service, age at retirement, and highest total average compensation for any consecutive five calendar years during the last ten years of employment with Cleco. Cleco s policy is to base its contributions to the employee pension plan upon actuarial computations utilizing the projected unit credit method, subject to the IRS s full funding limitation. Cleco did not make any required or discretionary contributions to the pension plan in 2015 and does not expect to make any in 2016. The required contributions are driven by liability funding target percentages set by law which could cause the required contributions to be uneven among the years. The ultimate amount and timing of the contributions may be affected by changes in the discount rate, changes in the funding regulations, and actual returns on fund assets. Cleco Power is considered the plan sponsor and Support Group is considered the plan administrator.  
  Cleco s retirees and their dependents may be eligible to receive medical, dental, vision, and life insurance benefits (other benefits). Cleco recognizes the expected cost of these other benefits during the periods in which the benefits are earned. 

37 

The components of net periodic pension and other benefit cost for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015   are as follows: 

During the third quarter of 2016, management finalized its remeasurement of the pension plan as of April 13, 2016, associated with the Merger. On the date of the remeasurement, the discount rate decreased from   4.62%   to   4.21%  . Prior to the remeasurement, Cleco s 2016 net periodic benefit cost for the pension plan was expected to be   $15.9 million  . Due to the remeasurement of the pension plan, Cleco s 2016 net periodic benefit cost is now expected to be   $17.5 million  . 
  Because Cleco Power is the pension plan sponsor and the related trust holds the assets, the net unfunded status of the pension plan is reflected at Cleco Power. The liability of Cleco s other subsidiaries is transferred with a like amount of assets to Cleco Power monthly. The expense of the pension plan related to Cleco s other subsidiaries for the predecessor period January 1, 2016, through April 12, 2016, was   $0.5 million  . The expense of the pension plan related to Cleco s other subsidiaries for the successor periods July 1, 2016, through September 30, 2016, and April 13, 2016, through   September 30, 2016  , was   $0.4 million   and   $0.8 million  , respectively. The amounts for the predecessor periods for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , were   $0.5 million   and   $1.5 million  , respectively. 
  Cleco Holdings is the plan sponsor for the other benefit plans. There are   no   assets set aside in a trust and the liabilities are reported on the individual subsidiaries  financial statements. The expense related to other benefits reflected in Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , was   $0.8 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively. The amounts for the same periods in   2015   were   $0.9 million   and   $2.7 million  , respectively. The current and non-current portions of the other benefits liability for Cleco and Cleco Power at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , are as follows: 

SERP 
  Certain Cleco officers are covered by SERP. SERP is a non-qualified, non-contributory, defined benefit pension plan. Generally, benefits under the plan reflect an employee s years of service, age at retirement and the sum of (a) the highest base salary paid out over the last five calendar years and (b) the average of the three highest cash bonuses paid during the 60 months prior to retirement. SERP benefits are reduced by retirement benefits received from any other defined benefit pension plan, supplemental executive retirement plan, or Cleco contributions under the enhanced 401(k) Plan to the extent such contributions exceed the limits of the 401(k) Plan. In connection with the completion of the Merger, three executive officers  SERP benefits will be capped as of December 31, 2017, with regard to final compensation; however, adjustments will continue with regard to age and tenure with Cleco. In 2014, SERP was closed to new participants; however, with regard to current SERP participants, including former employees or their beneficiaries, all terms of SERP will continue, other than as described above. In accordance with the SERP plan document and the Merger  

38 

Agreement, four executive officers received enhanced benefits, and upon termination of employment, two of these executive officers received accelerated vesting. Management will review current market trends as it evaluates Cleco s future compensation strategy. Cleco does not fund the SERP liability, but instead pays for current benefits out of the general funds available. Cleco Power has formed a rabbi trust designated as the beneficiary for life insurance policies issued on SERP participants. Market conditions could have a significant impact on the cash surrender value of the life insurance policies. Proceeds from the life insurance policies are expected to be used to pay the SERP participants  death benefits, as well as future SERP payments. However, because SERP is a non-qualified plan, the assets of the trust could be used to satisfy general creditors of Cleco Power in the event of insolvency. All SERP benefits are paid out of the general cash available of the respective companies that employed the officer. Cleco Power is considered the plan sponsor and Support Group is considered the plan administrator. 
  The components of net periodic benefit cost related to SERP for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015   are as follows:  

There was a remeasurement of SERP at April 13, 2016, to reflect change in control benefits as a result of the Merger. On the date of the remeasurement, the discount rate decreased from   4.60%   to   4.15%  . This remeasurement resulted in a   $3.6 million   curtailment charge and   $3.2 million   of special/contractual termination benefits. The curtailments and special/contractual termination benefits are included in Merger transaction and commitment costs on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. There was an additional remeasurement of SERP at August 31, 2016, to reflect changes to the plan relating to three executive officers  SERP benefits being capped as of December 31, 2017, with regard to final compensation. On the date of the remeasurement, the discount rate decreased from   4.15%   to   3.47%  . 

The expense related to SERP reflected on Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income was   $0.3 million   and   $1.1 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $0.6 million   and   $1.7 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  
  Liabilities relating to SERP are reported on the individual subsidiaries  financial statements. The current and non-current portions of the SERP liability for Cleco and Cleco Power at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , are as follows:  

401(k) Plan 
  Cleco s 401(k) Plan is intended to provide active, eligible employees with voluntary, long-term savings and investment opportunities. The 401(k) Plan is a defined contribution plan and is subject to the applicable provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. In accordance with the 401(k) Plan, employer contributions are made in the form of cash. Cash contributions are invested in proportion to the participant s voluntary contribution investment choices. Prior to the close of the Merger on April 13, 2016, employer contributions could also be in the form of Cleco Corporation common stock. Participation in the 401(k) Plan is voluntary, and all active Cleco employees are eligible to participate. Cleco s 401(k) Plan expense for the   three   and   nine   months     ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015   is as follows: 

Cleco Power is the plan sponsor for the 401(k) Plan. The expense of the 401(k) Plan related to Cleco s other subsidiaries for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015   is as follows: 

39 

Note 8   Income Taxes 

Effective Tax Rates 
  The following tables summarize the effective income tax rates for Cleco and Cleco Power for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  : 

For the successor periods, the effective income tax rate for Cleco was different than the federal statutory rate primarily due to permanent tax differences, the flowthrough of state tax benefits, including AFUDC equity, benefits delivered from Cleco s investment in the NMTC Fund, adjustments for tax returns as filed, and state tax expense. 
  For the predecessor periods, the effective income tax rate for Cleco was different than the federal statutory rate primarily due to a significant portion of the merger costs not being deductible, the flowthrough of state tax benefits, including AFUDC equity, benefits delivered from Cleco s investment in the NMTC Fund, adjustments for tax returns as filed, and state tax expense. 
  For the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , the effective income tax rate for Cleco Power was different than the federal statutory rate primarily due to permanent tax differences, the flowthrough of state tax benefits, including AFUDC equity, and state tax expense. 
    
  Valuation Allowance 
  Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Cleco had a deferred tax asset resulting from NMTC carryforwards of   $97.2 million   and   $96.5 million  , respectively. If the NMTC carryforwards are not utilized, they will begin to expire in 2029. Management considers it more likely than not that all deferred tax assets related to NMTC carryforwards will be realized; therefore,   no   valuation allowance has been recorded. 
    
  Net Operating Losses 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco has a federal net operating loss carryforward of   $45.0 million   and a state net operating loss carryforward of   $136.8 million  . The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2031. Cleco considers it more likely than not that these income tax losses will be utilized to reduce future income tax payments and Cleco expects to utilize the entire net operating loss carryforward within the statutory deadlines. 
    
  Uncertain Tax Positions 
  Cleco classifies all interest related to uncertain tax positions as a component of interest payable and interest expense. At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Cleco and  

Cleco Power had   no   interest payable related to uncertain tax positions. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , Cleco and Cleco Power had   no   interest expense related to uncertain tax positions. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco had   no   liability for uncertain tax positions. Cleco estimates that it is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of   September 30, 2016  , for Cleco and Cleco Power would be unchanged in the next 12 months. The settlement of open tax years could involve the payment of additional taxes, and/or the recognition of tax benefits, which may have an effect on Cleco s effective tax rate.  
  The federal income tax years that remain subject to examination by the IRS are 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015. The IRS has concluded its audit for the years 2010 through 2014. 
  Beginning with the 2013 tax year, Cleco entered into the IRS s Compliance Assurance Process which allows taxpayers to work collaboratively with an IRS team to identify and resolve potential tax issues before the federal tax return is filed each year. Cleco must apply for admission to the program each year. Cleco has been approved for the Compliance Assurance Process through the 2016 tax year. 
  The state income tax year that remains subject to examination by the Louisiana Department of Revenue is 2014. In August 2014, Cleco reached a settlement for tax years 2001 through 2010. In August 2015, Cleco reached a settlement for tax years 2011 through 2013. The favorable impact from the settlements was reflected in various line items in the financial statements.  
  Cleco classifies income tax penalties as a component of other expense. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  ,   no   penalties were recognized. 
   
               Note 9   Disclosures about Segments 

Cleco s reportable segment is based on its method of internal reporting, which disaggregates business units by its first-tier subsidiary.  
  Cleco Power, the reportable segment, engages in business activities from which it earns revenue and incurs expenses. Segment managers report periodically to Cleco s Chief Executive Officer (the chief operating decision-maker) with discrete financial information and, at least quarterly, present discrete financial information to Cleco and Cleco Power s Boards of Managers. The reportable segment prepares budgets that are presented to and approved by  

40 

Cleco and Cleco Power s Boards of Managers. The column shown as Other in the chart below includes the holding company, a shared services subsidiary,   two   transmission interconnection facility subsidiaries, and an investment subsidiary.  
  The financial results of Cleco s segment is presented on an accrual basis. Management evaluates the performance of  

its segment and allocates resources to it based on segment profit and the requirements to implement new strategic initiatives and projects to meet current business objectives. Material intercompany transactions occur on a regular basis. These intercompany transactions relate primarily to joint and common administrative support services provided by Support Group.  

41 

Note 10   Regulation and Rates 

Transmission ROE 
  Two complaints were filed with FERC seeking to reduce the ROE component of the transmission rates that MISO transmission owners, including Cleco, may collect under the MISO tariff. The first complaint, filed in November 2013, is for the period November 2013 through February 2015. The second complaint, filed in February 2015, is for the period February 2015 through May 2016. On September 29, 2016, FERC issued a Final Order in response to the first complaint establishing a   10.32%   ROE with refunds due 45-days following the order. In June 2016, an ALJ issued an initial decision in the second rate case docket recommending a   9.70%   base ROE. A binding FERC order on the second rate complaint is expected in the second quarter of 2017.   As of     September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had     $2.6 million     accrued for ROE reductions for the entire period December 2013 through May 2016.     For more  

information on the ROE complaints, see Note 12    Litigation, Other Commitments and Contingencies, and Disclosures about Guarantees   Litigation   Transmission ROE.  
    
  FRP 
  Cleco Power s annual retail earnings are subject to an FRP that was approved by the LPSC in June 2014. Under the terms of the FRP, Cleco Power is allowed to earn a target ROE of   10.0%  , while providing the opportunity to earn up to   10.9%  . Additionally,   60.0%   of retail earnings between   10.9%   and   11.75%   and all retail earnings over   11.75%   are required to be refunded to customers. The amount of credits due to customers, if any, is determined by Cleco Power and the LPSC annually. Credits are typically included on customers  bills the following summer, but the amount and timing of the refunds is ultimately subject to LPSC approval. Cleco Power must file annual monitoring reports no later than October 31 for the 12-month period ended June 30. Cleco Power was scheduled to file an application with the LPSC for a new FRP by June 30,  

42 

2017. However, as part of the merger approval process Cleco Power agreed not to file an application for a new FRP or request an increase in base rates until June 30, 2019, with anticipated new rates being effective July 1, 2020. 
  On October 31, 2015, Cleco Power filed its monitoring report for the 12-month period ended June 30, 2015, which indicated that     $0.2 million     was due to be returned to eligible customers.   On July 27, 2016, the LPSC Staff issued their report indicating agreement with Cleco Power s refund calculation for the 12-month period ended June 30, 2015. The   $0.2 million   was refunded to eligible customers in September 2016. On October 31, 2016, Cleco Power filed its monitoring report for the 12-month period ended June 30, 2016, which indicated that   no   refund was due as a result of the FRP, and   $0.3 million   was due as a result of the cost of service savings from the Merger Commitments. For more information on Merger Commitments, see "  Merger Commitments.  
    
  Merger Commitments 
  On March 28, 2016, the LPSC approved the Merger. The LPSC s written order approving the Merger was issued on April 7, 2016. Approval of the Merger was conditioned upon certain commitments, including   $136.0 million   of customer rate credits. On April 28, 2016, the LPSC voted to issue credits equally to eligible customers with service as of June 30, 2016, beginning in July 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had issued   $110.3 million   of customer rate credits. Also included in the Merger Commitments were   $2.5 million   of contributions for economic development for Louisiana state and local organizations to be disbursed over five years, an additional   $7.0 million   one-time contribution for economic development in Cleco Power s service territory to be administered by the LED or another state agency, and   $6.0 million   of charitable contributions to be disbursed over five years.  
  In addition, the Merger Commitments included   $1.2 million   of annual estimated cost of service savings expected as a result of the Merger. The cost savings is not subject to the target ROE or any sharing mechanism in the current FRP and will continue until Cleco Power files for a new FRP in 2019. The cost savings will be refunded to customers annually beginning in September 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had   $0.6 million   accrued for the cost savings refund. A report on the status of the Merger Commitments must be filed annually by October 31 for the 12-month period ended June 30. On October 31, 2016, Cleco Power filed the annual Merger Commitment status report for the period ended June 30, 2016. 
    
  Other  
  On April 8, 2016, the LPSC issued Docket No. R-34026 to investigate double leveraging issues for all LPSC-jurisdictional utilities whereby double leveraging is utilized to fund a utility s capital structure, and to consider whether any costs associated with such double leveraging should be included in the rates paid by the utility s retail customers. Cleco Power filed a motion to intervene in this proceeding along with other Louisiana utilities. On April 8, 2016, the LPSC also issued Docket No. R-34029 to investigate tax structure issues for all LPSC-jurisdictional utilities to consider whether only the state and federal taxes included in a utility s retail rate will be those that do not exceed the utility s share of the actual taxes paid to those federal and state taxing authorities. Cleco Power filed a motion to intervene in this proceeding along with other Louisiana utilities. On October 4, 2016, Cleco received the first  

set of data requests from the LPSC Staff for each of the above mentioned dockets. Cleco is in the process of preparing responses to these requests.  
   
               Note 11   Variable Interest Entities 

Cleco and Cleco Power apply the equity method of accounting to report the investment in Oxbow. Under the equity method, the assets and liabilities of this entity are reported as Equity investment in investee on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The revenue and expenses (excluding income taxes) of this entity are netted and reported as Equity income or loss from investees on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
  Equity investment in investee at   September 30, 2016  , represents Cleco Power s   $19.3 million   investment in Oxbow. Oxbow is owned   50%   by Cleco Power and   50%   by SWEPCO. Cleco Power is not the primary beneficiary because it shares the power to control Oxbow s significant activities with SWEPCO. Cleco Power s current assessment of its maximum exposure to loss related to Oxbow at   September 30, 2016  , consisted of its equity investment of   $19.3 million  . During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power made   $2.5 million   of cash contributions to its equity investment in Oxbow as a result of the expected transition from the Dolet Hills mine to the Oxbow mine by May 2017.  
  The following table presents the components of Cleco Power s equity investment in Oxbow: 

The following table compares the carrying amount of Oxbow s assets and liabilities with Cleco Power s maximum exposure to loss related to its investment in Oxbow: 

The following table contains summarized financial information for Oxbow: 

Dolet Hills Power Station mines lignite reserves at Oxbow through the Amended Lignite Mining Agreement. The lignite reserves are intended to be used to provide fuel to the Dolet Hills Power Station.  
  Oxbow has no third-party agreements, guarantees, or other third-party commitments that contain obligations affecting Cleco Power s investment in Oxbow. 

43 

Note 12   Litigation, Other Commitments and Contingencies, and Disclosures about Guarantees 

Litigation 
    
  Devil s Swamp 
  In October 2007, Cleco received a Special Notice for Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study (RI/FS) from the EPA pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (also known as the Superfund statute) for a facility known as the Devil s Swamp Lake site located just northwest of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The special notice requested that Cleco and Cleco Power, along with many other listed potentially responsible parties (PRP), enter into negotiations with the EPA for the performance of an RI/FS at the Devil s Swamp Lake site. The EPA identified Cleco as one of many companies that sent polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) wastes for disposal to the site. The EPA proposed to add the Devil s Swamp Lake site to the National Priorities List on March 8, 2004, based on the release of PCBs to fisheries and wetlands located on the site, but no final listing decision has yet been made. The PRPs began discussing a potential proposal to the EPA in February 2008. The EPA issued a Unilateral Administrative Order to two PRP s, Clean Harbors, Inc. and Baton Rouge Disposal, to conduct an RI/FS in December 2009. The Tier 1 part of the study was completed in June 2012. Field activities for the Tier 2 investigation were completed in July 2012. The draft Tier 2 remedial investigation report was submitted in December 2014. In 2015, remedial investigation activities included the collection and analysis of sediment, crawfish, and fish tissue samples. After reviewing the sample analysis, in August 2015, the Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals updated the advisory for the area to advise that fish and crawfish from the area should not be eaten. The final Tier 2 remedial investigation report was made public in December 2015. Currently, the study/remedy selection task continues, and there is no record of a decision. Therefore, management is unable to determine how significant Cleco s share of the costs associated with the RI/FS and possible response action at the site, if any, may be and whether this will have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
    
  Merger 
  In connection with the Merger, four actions were filed in the Ninth Judicial District Court for Rapides Parish, Louisiana and three actions were filed in the Civil District Court for Orleans Parish, Louisiana. The petitions in each action generally alleged, among other things, that the members of Cleco Corporation s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties by, among other things, conducting an allegedly inadequate sale process, agreeing to the Merger at a price that allegedly undervalued Cleco, and failing to disclose material information about the Merger. The petitions also alleged that Cleco Partners, Cleco Corporation, Merger Sub, and in some cases, certain of the investors in Cleco Partners, either aided and abetted or entered into a civil conspiracy to advance those supposed breaches of duty. The petitions seek various remedies, including monetary damages, which includes attorneys  fees and expenses.  

The four actions filed in the Ninth Judicial District Court for Rapides Parish are captioned as follows:  

On November 14, 2014, the plaintiff in the   Braunstein   action moved for a dismissal of the action without prejudice, and that motion was granted on November 19, 2014. On December 3, 2014, the Court consolidated the remaining three actions and appointed interim co-lead counsel. On December 18, 2014, the plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a Consolidated Amended Verified Derivative and Class Action Petition for Damages and Preliminary and Permanent Injunction (the Consolidated Amended Petition). The consolidated action named Cleco Corporation, its directors, Cleco Partners, and Merger Sub as defendants. The Consolidated Amended Petition alleged, among other things, that Cleco Corporation s directors breached their fiduciary duties to Cleco s shareholders and grossly mismanaged Cleco by approving the Merger Agreement because it allegedly did not value Cleco adequately, failing to structure a process through which shareholder value would be maximized, engaging in self-dealing by ignoring conflicts of interest, and failing to disclose material information about the Merger. The Consolidated Amended Petition further alleged that all defendants conspired to commit the breaches of fiduciary duty. Cleco believes that the allegations of the Consolidated Amended Petition are without merit and that it has substantial meritorious defenses to the claims set forth in the Consolidated Amended Petition. 
  The three actions filed in the Civil District Court for Orleans Parish are captioned as follows:  

Both the   Butler   and   Cashen   actions name Cleco Corporation, its directors, Cleco Partners, Merger Sub, Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets Inc. (MIRA), British Columbia Investment Management Corporation, and John Hancock Financial as defendants. The   Creative Life Services   action names Cleco Corporation, its directors, Cleco Partners, Merger Sub, MIRA, and Macquarie Infrastructure Partners III, L.P., as defendants. On December 11, 2014, the plaintiff in the   Butler   action filed an Amended Class Action Petition for Damages. Each petition alleged, among other things, that the members of Cleco Corporation s Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties to Cleco s shareholders by approving the Merger Agreement because it allegedly did not value Cleco adequately, failing to structure a process through which shareholder value would be maximized and engaging in self-dealing by ignoring conflicts of interest. The   Butler   and   Creative Life Services   petitions also alleged that the directors  

44 

breached their fiduciary duties by failing to disclose material information about the Merger. Each petition further alleged that Cleco, Cleco Partners, Merger Sub, and certain of the investors in Cleco Partners aided and abetted the directors  breaches of fiduciary duty. On December 23, 2014, the directors and Cleco filed declinatory exceptions in each action on the basis that each action was improperly brought in Orleans Parish and should either be transferred to the Ninth Judicial District Court for Rapides Parish or dismissed. On December 30, 2014, the plaintiffs in each action jointly filed a motion to consolidate the three actions pending in Orleans Parish and to appoint interim co-lead plaintiffs and co-lead counsel. On January 23, 2015, the Court in the   Creative Life Services   case sustained the defendants  declinatory exceptions and dismissed the case so that it could be transferred to the Ninth Judicial District Court for Rapides Parish. On February 5, 2015, the plaintiffs in   Butler and Cashen   also consented to the dismissal of their cases from Orleans Parish so they could be transferred to the Ninth Judicial District Court for Rapides Parish.  
  On February 25, 2015, the Ninth Judicial District Court for Rapides Parish held a hearing on a motion for preliminary injunction filed by plaintiffs   Moore  ,   L Herisson  , and   Trahan   seeking to enjoin the shareholder vote at the Special Meeting of Shareholders held on February 26, 2015, for approval of the Merger Agreement. Following the hearing, the Court denied the plaintiffs  motion. On June 19, 2015, three of the plaintiffs filed their Second Consolidated Amended Verified Derivative and Class Action Petition. This will be considered according to a schedule established by the Ninth Judicial District Court for Rapides Parish. Cleco filed exceptions seeking dismissal of the amended petition on July 24, 2015. Cleco believes that the allegations of the petitions in each action are without merit and that it has substantial meritorious defenses to the claims set forth in each of the petitions.  
  On March 21, 2016, the plaintiffs filed their Third Consolidated Amended Verified Derivative Petition for Damages and Preliminary and Permanent Injunction. On May 13, 2016, the plaintiffs filed their Fourth Verified Consolidated Amended Class Action Petition. This petition eliminated the request for preliminary and permanent injunction and also named an additional executive officer as a defendant. Cleco filed exceptions seeking dismissal of the amended Petition. A hearing was held on September 15, 2016. On September 26, 2016, the District Court granted the exceptions filed by Cleco and dismissed all claims asserted by the former shareholders. The plaintiffs were required to file any request for rehearing with the District Court by October 7, 2016, and no requests were filed. The deadline for the plaintiffs to appeal the District Court s ruling to the Third Circuit Court of Appeal is December 6, 2016. 
    
  Gulf Coast Spinning 
  In September 2015, a potential customer sued Cleco for failure to fully perform an alleged verbal agreement to lend or otherwise fund its startup costs to the extent of   $6.5 million  . Gulf Coast Spinning Company, LLC (Gulf Coast), the primary plaintiff, alleges that Cleco promised to assist it in raising approximately   $60.0 million  , which Gulf Coast needed to construct a cotton spinning facility near Bunkie, Louisiana. According to the petition filed by Gulf Coast in the 12   th    Judicial District Court for Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana (the  District Court ), Cleco made such promises of funding assistance in order to cultivate a new industrial electric customer which  

would increase its revenues under a power supply agreement that it executed with Gulf Coast. Gulf Coast seeks unspecified damages arising from its inability to raise sufficient funds to complete the project, including lost profits. 
  Cleco filed an Exception of No Cause of Action arguing that the case should be dismissed. The District Court denied Cleco s exception in December 2015, after considering briefs and arguments. On January 21, 2016, Cleco appealed the District Court s denial of its exception by filing with the Third Circuit Court of Appeal for the State of Louisiana. On June 30, 2016, the Third Circuit Court of Appeal for the State of Louisiana denied the request to have the case dismissed. On July 29, 2016, Cleco filed a writ to the Louisiana Supreme Court seeking a review of the District Court s denial of Cleco s exception.  
  In February 2016, the parties agreed to a stay of all proceedings pending discussions concerning settlement. On May 16, 2016, the District Court lifted the stay at the request of Gulf Coast. Cleco believes the allegations of the petition are contradicted by the written documents executed by Gulf Coast, are otherwise without merit, and that it has substantial meritorious defenses to the claims alleged by Gulf Coast.  
    
  LPSC Audits 
    
  Fuel Audit 
  Generally, the cost of fuel used for electric generation and the cost of power purchased for utility customers are recovered through the LPSC-established FAC that enables Cleco Power to pass on to its customers substantially all such charges. Recovery of FAC costs is subject to periodic fuel audits by the LPSC. The LPSC FAC General Order issued in November 1997, in Docket No. U-21497 provides that an audit of FAC filings will be performed at least every other year. On February 3, 2016, the LPSC initiated an audit of Cleco Power s fuel and purchased power expenses for the period January 2014 through December 2015. The total amount of fuel expense included in the audit is   $582.6 million  . Cleco Power has responded to two sets of data requests from the LPSC Staff and the responses are currently under review. Management is unable to predict or give a reasonable estimate of the possible range of the disallowance, if any, related to this audit. If a disallowance of fuel costs is ordered, resulting in a refund, any such refund could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants.  
    
  Environmental Audit 
  In July 2009, the LPSC issued Docket No. U-29380 Subdocket A, which provides for an EAC to recover from customers certain costs of environmental compliance. The costs eligible for recovery are prudently incurred air emissions credits associated with complying with federal, state, and local air emission regulations that apply to the generation of electricity reduced by the sale of such allowances. Also eligible for recovery are variable emission mitigation costs, which are the costs of reagents such as ammonia and limestone that are a part of the fuel mix used to reduce air emissions, among other things. On February 3, 2016, the LPSC initiated an audit of Cleco Power s environmental costs for the period November 2010 through December 2015. The total amount of environmental costs included in this audit is   $81.2 million  . Cleco Power has responded to three sets of data requests from the LPSC Staff and the responses are currently under  

45 

review. Management is unable to predict or give a reasonable estimate of the possible range of the disallowance, if any, related to this audit. If a disallowance of environmental costs is ordered resulting in a refund, any such refund could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants.  
  Cleco Power began incurring additional environmental compliance expenses in the second quarter of 2015 for reagents associated with compliance with MATS. In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court remanded the MATS rule to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. In December 2015, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals remanded the rule to the EPA; however, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals did not vacate this rule. On April 15, 2016, the EPA released a final supplemental finding that, even considering costs, it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants. By the June 24, 2016, deadline,   six   petitions were filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals for review of the EPA s findings. These expenses are also eligible for recovery through Cleco Power s EAC and are subject to periodic review by the LPSC. 
    
  Transmission ROE 
  Two complaints were filed with FERC seeking to reduce the ROE component of the transmission rates that MISO transmission owners, including Cleco, may collect under the MISO tariff. The complaints sought to reduce the current   12.38%   ROE used in MISO s transmission rates to a proposed   6.68%  . The first complaint is for the period November 2013 through February 2015. In December 2015, an ALJ issued an initial decision recommending a   10.32%   ROE. On September 29, 2016, FERC issued a Final Order confirming the ALJ s recommendation of a   10.32%   ROE. 
  In February 2015, a second ROE complaint was filed for the period February 2015 through May 2016. In June 2016, an ALJ issued an initial decision in the second rate case docket recommending a   9.70%   base ROE. A binding FERC order on the second rate complaint is expected in the second quarter of 2017.  
  In November 2014, the MISO transmission owners committee, of which Cleco is a member, filed a request with FERC for an incentive to increase the new ROE by   50   basis points for RTO participation as allowed by the MISO tariff. In January 2015, FERC granted the request. The collection of the adder is delayed until the resolution of the ROE complaint proceedings. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had   $2.6 million   accrued for a reduction to the ROE for the entire period December 2013 through May 2016. Management believes a reduction in the ROE, as well as any resulting refund, will not have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants.  
    
  Tax Contingency 
  In the Louisiana 2016 First Extraordinary Session, Act No. 8 was enacted into law. It is possible this law will change the tiered Louisiana corporate income tax rate which currently has a top marginal rate of 8% to a flat rate of 6.5%. Act No. 8 will become effective January 1, 2017, conditioned upon the adoption of the provisions of Act No. 31 by a statewide election. If passed, Act No. 31 would eliminate the deduction for corporate federal income taxes paid in computing state corporate income taxes. The statewide election is scheduled to be held on November 8, 2016. If the provisions of these two  

Acts become law, Cleco will be required to remeasure its deferred income tax assets and liabilities. The impact to Cleco is not expected to be material. Additionally, income tax expense in future periods may not be comparable to prior periods. 
    
  Other 
  Cleco is involved in various litigation matters, including regulatory, environmental, and administrative proceedings before various courts, regulatory commissions, arbitrators, and governmental agencies regarding matters arising in the ordinary course of business. The liability Cleco may ultimately incur with respect to any one of these matters in the event of a negative outcome may be in excess of amounts currently accrued. Management regularly analyzes current information and, as of   September 30, 2016  , believes the probable and reasonably estimable liabilities based on the eventual disposition of these matters is   $6.8 million   and has accrued this amount.  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Guarantees 
  Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power have entered into various off-balance sheet commitments, in the form of guarantees and standing letters of credit, in order to facilitate their activities and the activities of Cleco Holdings  subsidiaries and equity investees (affiliates). Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power have also agreed to contractual terms that require the Registrants to pay third parties if certain triggering events occur. These contractual terms generally are defined as guarantees.  
  Cleco Holdings entered into these off-balance sheet commitments in order to entice desired counterparties to contract with its affiliates by providing some measure of credit assurance to the counterparty in the event Cleco s affiliates do not fulfill certain contractual obligations. If Cleco Holdings had not provided the off-balance sheet commitments, the desired counterparties may not have contracted with Cleco s affiliates, or may have contracted with them at terms less favorable to its affiliates. 
  The off-balance sheet commitments are not recognized on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets because management has determined that Cleco and Cleco Power s affiliates are able to perform these obligations under their contracts and that it is not probable that payments by Cleco or Cleco Power will be required.  
  Cleco Holdings provided guarantees and indemnities to Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States as a result of the sale of the Perryville facility in 2005. At   September 30, 2016  , the remaining indemnifications relate to environmental matters that may have been present prior to closing. These remaining indemnifications have no limitations to time. The maximum amount of the potential payment to Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States is   $42.4 million  . Currently, management does not expect to be required to pay Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States under these guarantees. 
  On behalf of Acadia, Cleco Holdings provided guarantees and indemnifications as a result of the sales of Acadia Unit 1 to Cleco Power and Acadia Unit 2 to Entergy Louisiana in 2010 and 2011, respectively. At   September 30, 2016  , the remaining indemnifications relate to the fundamental organizational structure of Acadia. These remaining indemnifications have no limitations as to time or maximum potential future payments. Currently, management does not expect to be required to pay Cleco Power or Entergy Louisiana under these guarantees. 

46 

Cleco Holdings provided indemnifications to Cleco Power as a result of the transfer of Coughlin to Cleco Power in March 2014. Cleco Power also provided indemnifications to Cleco Holdings and Evangeline as a result of the transfer of Coughlin to Cleco Power. The maximum amount of the potential payment to Cleco Power, Cleco Holdings, and Evangeline for their respective indemnifications is   $40.0 million  , except for indemnifications relating to the fundamental organizational structure of each respective entity, of which the maximum amount is   $400.0 million  . Currently, management does not expect to be required to make any payments under these indemnifications. 
  As part of the Amended Lignite Mining Agreement, Cleco Power and SWEPCO, joint owners of Dolet Hills, have agreed to pay the loan and lease principal obligations of the lignite miner, DHLC, when due if DHLC does not have sufficient funds or credit to pay. Previously, Cleco Power recorded a liability of   $3.8 million   related to the amended agreement with an offsetting regulatory asset. Management determined that it does not expect to be required to pay DHLC under this guarantee. As a result of this determination, the liability and the offsetting regulatory asset were remeasured to   zero   during the second quarter of 2016. Any amounts paid on behalf of the miner would be credited by the lignite miner against future invoices for lignite delivered. The maximum projected payment by Cleco Power under this guarantee is estimated to be   $106.5 million  ; however, the Amended Lignite Mining Agreement does not contain a cap. The projection is based on the forecasted loan and lease obligations to be incurred by DHLC, primarily for purchases of equipment. Cleco Power has the right to dispute the incurrence of loan and lease obligations through the review of the mining plan before the incurrence of such loan and lease obligations. The Amended Lignite Mining Agreement is not expected to terminate pursuant to its terms until 2036 and does not affect the amount the Registrants can borrow under their credit facilities. Currently, management does not expect to be required to pay DHLC under this guarantee. 
  Generally, neither Cleco Holdings nor Cleco Power has recourse that would enable them to recover amounts paid under their guarantee or indemnification obligations. There are no assets held as collateral for third parties that either Cleco Holdings or Cleco Power could obtain and liquidate to recover amounts paid pursuant to the guarantees or indemnification obligations. 
    
  Other Commitments 
    
  NMTC Fund 
  In 2008, Cleco Holdings and US Bancorp Community Development (USBCDC) formed the NMTC Fund. Cleco Holdings has a   99.9%   membership interest in the NMTC Fund and USBCDC has a 0.1% interest. The purpose of the NMTC Fund is to invest in projects located in qualified active low-income communities that are underserved by typical debt capital markets. These investments are designed to generate NMTCs and Historical Rehabilitation tax credits. The NMTC Fund was later amended to include renewable energy investments. The majority of the energy investments qualify for grants under Section 1603 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA). The tax benefits received from the NMTC Fund reduce the federal income tax obligations of Cleco Holdings. In total, Cleco Holdings contributed   $283.7 million   of equity contributions to the NMTC Fund and  

will receive at least   $302.0 million   in the form of tax credits, tax losses, capital gains/losses, earnings, and cash over the life of the investment, which ends in 2017. The   $18.3 million   difference between equity contributions and total benefits received will be recognized over the life of the NMTC Fund as net tax benefits are delivered. 
  Due to the right of offset, the investment and associated debt are presented on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet in the line item Tax credit fund investment, net. The amount of tax benefits delivered in excess of capital contributions as of   September 30, 2016  , was   $16.8 million  . The amount of tax benefits delivered but not utilized as of   September 30, 2016  , was   $100.1 million   and is reflected as a deferred tax asset. 
  By using the cost method for investments, the gross investment amortization expense will be recognized over a   nine  -year period, with   one year   remaining under the new amendment. The basis of the investment is reduced by the grants received under Section 1603 of the ARRA, which allow certain projects to receive a federal grant in lieu of tax credits, and other cash. Periodic amortization of the investment and the deferred taxes generated by the basis reduction temporary difference are included as components of income tax expense. 
    
  Other    
  Cleco has accrued for liabilities related to third parties, employee medical benefits, and AROs. 
    
  Risks and Uncertainties 
  Cleco could be subject to possible adverse consequences if Cleco s counterparties fail to perform their obligations or if Cleco or its affiliates are not in compliance with loan agreements or bond indentures.  
  Access to capital markets is a significant source of funding for both short- and long-term capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows. On April 8, 2016, taking into consideration the anticipated completion of the Merger, S P and Moody s downgraded Cleco Holdings  credit rating to BBB- (stable) and Baa3 (stable), respectively. On April 8, 2016, taking into consideration the anticipated completion of the Merger, S P and Moody s credit ratings were maintained at Cleco Power at BBB+ (stable) and A3 (stable), respectively. Any downgrade of credit ratings will result in additional fees and higher interest rates under its bank credit and, potentially, other debt agreements. Cleco Power s collateral for derivatives is based on the lowest rating held. If Cleco Power s credit ratings were to be downgraded by S P or Moody s, Cleco Power will be required to post additional collateral for derivatives. 
  Changes in the regulatory environment or market forces could cause Cleco to determine its assets have suffered an other-than-temporary decline in value, whereby an impairment would be required and Cleco s financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 
  Cleco Power is a participant in the MISO market. Energy prices in the MISO market are based on Locational Marginal Price (LMP), which includes a component directly related to congestion on the transmission system. Pricing zones with greater transmission congestion may have a higher LMP. Physical transmission constraints present in the MISO market could increase energy costs within Cleco Power s pricing zones. Cleco Power uses FTRs to mitigate transmission congestion risk. Changes to anticipated transmission paths  

47 

may result in an unexpected increase in energy costs to Cleco Power. 
   
               Note 13   Affiliate Transactions 

At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Holdings has balances that are payable to or due from its affiliates. Cleco Holdings has accounts receivable of   $3.8 million   due from Cleco Group in relation to merger costs paid on behalf of Cleco Group. Cleco Holdings has accounts payable of   $0.2 million   to Cleco Group, which consists of residual cash as a result of the Merger.  
  Cleco Power also has balances that are payable to or due from its affiliates. The following table is a summary of those balances: 

Note 14   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 

The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss are summarized in the following tables for Cleco and Cleco Power. All amounts are reported net of income taxes. Amounts in parentheses indicate losses.  

Cleco 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPT. 30, 2016 
      
      (THOUSANDS) 
    POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ON CASH FLOW HEDGES 

TOTAL AOCI 
      
      SUCCESSOR 

Balances, beginning of period 
    $ 

$ 

$ 

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications 

Postretirement benefit adjustments during the period 
    (2,308 
    ) 

(2,308 
    ) 
      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Amortization of postretirement benefit net loss 
    3 

3 
      
      Net current-period other comprehensive loss 
    (2,305 
    ) 

(2,305 
    ) 
      Balances, Sept. 30, 2016 
    $ 
    (2,305 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 
    (2,305 
    ) 

48 

Note 15   Intangible Assets and Goodwill 

During 2008, Cleco Katrina/Rita acquired a   $177.5 million   intangible asset which includes   $176.0 million   for the right to bill and collect storm recovery charges from customers of Cleco Power and   $1.5 million   of financing costs. This intangible asset is expected to have a life of   12 years  , but may have a life of up to   15 years   depending on the time period required to collect the required amount from Cleco Power s customers. The intangible asset s expected amortization expense is based on the estimated collections from Cleco Power s customers. At the end of its life, the asset will have   no   residual value. At the date of the Merger, the gross balance of the Cleco Katrina/Rita intangible asset for Cleco was adjusted to be net of accumulated amortization, as   no   accumulated amortization existed on the date of the Merger. During the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Katrina/Rita recognized amortization expense, based on actual collections, of   $4.9 million   and   $13.1 million  , respectively. During the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , Cleco Katrina/Rita recognized amortization expense, based on actual collections, of   $4.4 million   and   $12.0 million  , respectively.  
  As a result of the Merger, fair value adjustments were recorded on Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet  

for the valuation of the Cleco trade name and long-term wholesale power supply agreements. At the end of their life, these intangible assets will have   no   residual value. The trade name intangible asset is being amortized over its estimated economic useful life of   20 years  . For the successor periods July 1, 2016, through   September 30, 2016  , and April 13, 2016 through   September 30, 2016  , Cleco recognized amortization expense of   $0.1 million   on the trade name intangible asset. The intangible assets related to the power supply agreements are being amortized over the remaining life of each applicable contract ranging between   2 years   and   19 years  . For the successor periods July 1, 2016, through   September 30, 2016  , and April 13, 2016, through   September 30, 2016  , Cleco recognized a reduction of revenue of   $2.6 million   and   $4.8 million  , respectively, on the intangible assets for the power supply agreements. For more information about the Merger related adjustments, see Note 2    Business Combinations.  
  On April 13, 2016, in connection with the completion of the Merger, Cleco recognized goodwill of   $1.49 billion  . Management has assigned goodwill to Cleco s reportable segment, Cleco Power. For more information about Cleco s policy on goodwill, see Note 1    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   Goodwill.  

49 

ITEM 2.          MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cleco uses its website, https://www.cleco.com, as a routine channel for distribution of important information, including news releases and financial information. Cleco s website is the primary source of publicly disclosed news about Cleco. Cleco is providing the address to its website solely for informational purposes and does not intend for the address to be an active link. The contents of the website are not incorporated into this Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  The following discussion and analysis should be read in combination with the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  , and Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The information included therein is essential to understanding the following discussion and analysis. Below is information concerning the consolidated results of operations of Cleco for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   September 30, 2015  . 
   
               OVERVIEW 

Cleco is a regional energy company that conducts substantially all of its business operations through its primary subsidiary, Cleco Power. Cleco Power is a regulated electric utility company that owns nine generating units with a total nameplate capacity of 3,310 MW and serves approximately 287,000 customers in Louisiana through its retail business and supplies wholesale power in Louisiana and Mississippi. 
    
  Merger 
  On April 13, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed its merger with Merger Sub whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Cleco Corporation, with Cleco Corporation surviving the Merger, and Cleco Corporation converting to a limited liability company and changing its name to Cleco Holdings, as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Group and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners. For more information on the Merger, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 2   Business Combinations.   
    
  Cleco Power 
  Many factors affect Cleco Power s primary business of generating, delivering, and selling electricity. These factors include weather and the presence of a stable regulatory environment, which impacts cost recovery and the ROE, as well as the recovery of costs related to growing energy demand and rising fuel prices; the ability to increase energy sales while containing costs; the ability to reliably deliver power to its jurisdictional customers; the ability to meet increasingly stringent regulatory and environmental standards; and the ability to successfully perform in MISO and the related operating challenges and uncertainties, including increased wholesale competition relative to more suppliers. Key initiatives on which Cleco Power is currently working include continuing construction on the Layfield/Messick project and the Cenla Transmission Expansion project; beginning construction on the St. Mary Clean Energy Center project (formerly the Cabot Waste Heat Recovery project) and the Terrebonne to Bayou Vista Transmission project (formerly the Bayou Vista project); and maintaining and growing its wholesale and retail business. These initiatives are discussed below. 

Layfield/Messick Project 
  The Layfield/Messick project, or Northwest Louisiana Transmission Expansion project, includes the construction of the new Layfield transmission substation and the construction of additional transmission interconnection facilities near the Dolet Hills Power Station. The project is anticipated to reduce congestion and increase reliability for customers in northwest Louisiana. Construction is expected to be complete in December 2016. Cleco Power s portion of the joint project with SWEPCO is expected to cost $29.8 million. As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had spent $27.9 million on the project. 
    
  Cenla Transmission Expansion Project 
  The Cenla Transmission Expansion project includes the construction of transmission lines and a transmission substation within the central Louisiana area. The project is expected to improve reliability to customers by relieving forecasted overloads and mitigating potential load shedding events while providing flexibility to allow routine maintenance outages and serve future growth in the central Louisiana area. Right-of-way acquisition and clearing are complete, and construction began in March 2016. The project is expected to be complete by the end of 2017, with an estimated cost of $32.7 million. As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had spent $22.5 million on the project.  
    
  St. Mary Clean Energy Center Project  
  The St. Mary Clean Energy Center project includes Cleco Power constructing, owning, and operating a 50-MW generating unit to be fueled by waste heat from Cabot Corporation s carbon black manufacturing plant in Franklin, Louisiana. Construction began in October 2016 with the project expected to be commercially operational by the first quarter of 2018 at an expected cost of $81.9 million. Upon achieving commercial operations, the project is expected to generate more than 250,000 MWh of zero additional carbon emitting energy each year. As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had spent $16.3 million on the project.  
    
  Terrebonne to Bayou Vista Transmission Project  
  The Terrebonne to Bayou Vista Transmission project includes the construction of additional transmission interconnection facilities south of Teche Power Station. The project is expected to increase reliability, reduce congestion, and provide hurricane hardening for customers in southeast Louisiana. A line routing study began in March 2016, and permitting and right-of-way acquisition began in May 2016. Cleco Power s portion of the joint project with Entergy Louisiana is expected to cost $48.0 million. Construction is expected to be complete by the third quarter of 2018. As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had spent $0.9 million on the project. 
    
  Other 
  Cleco Power is working on securing load growth opportunities that include renewal of existing load through existing franchises and wholesale contracts, pursuing new wholesale contracts and franchises, and adding new retail load opportunities with large industrial, commercial, and residential load. The retail opportunities include sectors such as agriculture, oil and gas, chemicals, metals, national accounts,  

50 

government and military, wood and paper, health care, information technology, transportation, and other manufacturing. 
               RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

All of the financial information for Cleco below is presented such that pre-merger activity is shown as  Predecessor  and post-merger activity is shown as  Successor.  The purchase price of the Merger was allocated to the related assets and liabilities based on their respective estimated fair values on the Merger date, with the remaining consideration recorded as goodwill. The fair values of assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives in a manner that best reflects the economic benefits derived from such assets. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to annual impairment testing. Such adjustments to fair value and the allocation of purchase price between identifiable intangibles and goodwill will have an impact on Cleco s expenses and profitability. 
    
  Comparison of the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015    

Cleco s net income attributable for the successor period for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was   $39.6 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting net income with the exception of the change in pretax income primarily related to: 

$12.3 million of interest costs related to debt obtained as a result of the Merger,  
                
    $2.6 million of an offset to operating revenue related to the amortization of the intangible asset recorded for the fair value adjustment of wholesale power supply agreements as a result of the Merger,  
                
    $1.9 million of merger transaction and commitment costs, and 
                
    $1.7 million of amortization of the fair value adjustment made as a result of the Merger to record the stepped-up basis for the Coughlin assets. 
       
  The effective income tax rate for the period was 37.4%.  
  Cleco s net income attributable for the predecessor period for the three months ended September 30, 2015, was   $54.7 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting net income.     The effective income tax rate for the period was 33.7%.  
  The estimated annual effective income tax rate used in the   third   quarter of   2016   for Cleco might not be indicative of the full-year income tax rate. Deductions related to the merger transaction and commitment costs have not been included in the   third   quarter of   2016   estimated annual effective income tax rate as they do not represent benefits related to ordinary income. The income tax benefits for merger transaction and  

commitment costs are recognized in the periods that the underlying expenses occur. For more information on the successor and predecessor period effective tax rates, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 8   Income Taxes   Effective Tax Rates.  
  In the Louisiana 2016 First Extraordinary Session, Act No. 8 was enacted into law. It is possible this law will change the tiered Louisiana corporate income tax rate which currently has a top marginal rate of 8% to a flat rate of 6.5%. Act No. 8 will become effective January 1, 2017, conditioned upon the adoption of the provisions of Act No. 31 by a statewide election. If passed, Act No. 31 would eliminate the deduction for corporate federal income taxes paid in computing state corporate income taxes. The statewide election is scheduled to be held on November 8, 2016. If the provisions of these two Acts become law, Cleco will be required to remeasure its deferred income tax assets and liabilities. The impact to Cleco is not expected to be material. Additionally, income tax expense in future periods may not be comparable to prior periods. 
  Results of operations for Cleco Power are more fully described below. 

Cleco Power s net income in the   third   quarter of   2016   decreased   $6.1 million   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015   largely as a result of the following factors: 

higher other operations expense, 
                
    higher depreciation and amortization, 
                
    higher income taxes, 
                
    higher non-recoverable fuel and power purchased, and  
                
    lower other operations revenue. 

51 

The following tables show the components of Cleco Power s base revenue: 

Cleco Power s residential customers  demand for electricity is affected largely by weather. Weather generally is measured in cooling degree-days and heating degree-days. A cooling degree-day is an indication of the likelihood that a consumer will use air conditioning, while a heating degree-day is an indication of the likelihood that a consumer will use heating. An increase in heating degree-days does not produce the same increase in revenue as an increase in cooling degree-days, because alternative heating sources are more available and winter energy is typically priced below the rate charged for energy used in the summer. Normal heating degree-days and cooling degree-days are calculated for a month by separately calculating the average actual heating and cooling degree-days for that month over a period of 30 years. 
  The following chart shows how cooling and heating degree-days varied from normal conditions and from the prior period. Cleco Power uses weather data provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to determine cooling and heating degree-days. 

Base 
  For information on the effects of future energy sales on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of Cleco Power, see Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors   Future Electricity Sales  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

Fuel Cost Recovery/Recoverable Fuel and Power Purchased 
  Changes in fuel costs historically have not significantly affected Cleco Power s net income. Generally, fuel and purchased power expenses are recovered through the LPSC-established FAC, which enables Cleco Power to pass on to its customers substantially all such charges. Approximately 74% of Cleco Power s total fuel cost during the   third   quarter of   2016   was regulated by the LPSC. Recovery of FAC costs is subject to periodic fuel audits by the LPSC which may result in a refund to customers. Generally, fuel and purchased power expenses are impacted by customer usage, the per unit cost of fuel used for electric generation, and the dispatch of Cleco Power s generating facilities by MISO. For more information on the current fuel audit, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 12   Litigation, Other Commitments and Contingencies, and Disclosure about Guarantees   Litigation   LPSC Audits   Fuel Audit.  
    
  Other Operations Revenue 
  Other operations revenue decreased   $1.0 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily related to $2.1 million of lower forfeited discounts and reconnect fees mostly due to customer rate credits in the third quarter of 2016 as a result of the Merger, partially offset by $1.1 million of higher net transmission and distribution revenue. 
    
  Non-recoverable Fuel and Power Purchased 
  Non-recoverable fuel and power purchased increased   $1.2 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to higher expenses related to MISO transmission costs. 
    
  Other Operations Expense 
  Other operations expense increased   $2.2 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to $1.5 million of higher generation expenses, $0.9 million of higher administrative and general expenses, and $0.1 million of higher miscellaneous expenses. These increases were partially offset by $0.3 million of lower customer service expenses. 
    
  Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization expense increased   $2.0 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to $0.8 million of normal recurring additions to fixed assets, $0.5 million of higher amortization of storm damages which is based on collections from customers, $0.3 million of higher amortization of intangible property, $0.2 million of higher amortization of production operations and maintenance deferrals, and $0.2 million of higher amortization of the state corporate franchise tax regulatory asset. 
    
  Income Taxes 
  Federal and state income tax expense increased   $1.8 million   during the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015   primarily due to $5.3 million to record tax expense at the projected annual effective tax rate and $0.1 million for miscellaneous tax items. These increases were partially offset by $1.7 million for the change in pretax income, excluding AFUDC equity, $1.1 million for adjustments for tax returns as filed, and $0.8 million for the flowthrough of state tax benefits. 

52 

The estimated annual effective income tax rate used during the   third   quarter of   2016   for Cleco Power might not be indicative of the full-year income tax rate. Deductions related to some of the merger commitment costs have not been included in the   third   quarter of   2016   estimated annual effective income tax rate as they do not represent benefits related to ordinary income. The income tax benefits for merger commitment costs are recognized in the periods that the underlying expenses occur. 
  In the Louisiana 2016 First Extraordinary Session, Act No. 8 was enacted into law. It is possible this law will change the tiered Louisiana corporate income tax rate which currently has a top marginal rate of 8% to a flat rate of 6.5%. Act No. 8 will become effective January 1, 2017, conditioned upon the adoption of the provisions of Act No. 31 by a statewide election. If passed, Act No. 31 would eliminate the deduction for corporate federal income taxes paid in computing state corporate income taxes. The statewide election is scheduled to be held on November 8, 2016. If the provisions of these two Acts become law, Cleco Power will be required to remeasure its deferred income tax assets and liabilities. The impact to Cleco Power is not expected to be material. Additionally, income tax expense in future periods may not be comparable to prior periods. 
    
  Comparison of the Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015 

Cleco s net loss attributable for the successor period April 13, 2016, through September 30, 2016, was   $42.3 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting net loss with the exception of the change in pretax loss primarily related to:  

$173.2 million of merger transaction and commitment costs,  
                
    $21.6 million of interest costs related to debt obtained as a result of the Merger,  
                
    $4.8 million of an offset to operating revenue related to the amortization of the intangible asset recorded for the fair value adjustment of wholesale power supply agreements as a result of the Merger, and 
                
    $4.6 million of amortization of the fair value adjustment made as a result of the Merger to record the stepped-up basis for the Coughlin assets.  
       
  The effective income tax rate for the period was 40.3%.  
  Cleco s net loss attributable for the predecessor period January 1, 2016, through April 12, 2016, was   $4.0 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting net loss with the exception of the change in pretax loss primarily related to $34.9 million of merger transaction  

costs.     The effective income tax rate for the period was (704.9%).  
  Cleco s net income attributable for the predecessor period for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, was   $111.8 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting net income.     The effective income tax rate for the period was 36.9%.  
  The estimated annual effective income tax rate used during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , for Cleco might not be indicative of the full-year income tax rate. Deductions related to merger transaction and commitment costs have not been included in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , estimated annual effective income tax rate as they do not represent benefits related to ordinary income. The income tax benefits for merger transaction and commitment costs are recognized in the periods that the underlying expenses occur. For more information on the successor and predecessor period effective tax rates, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 8   Income Taxes   Effective Tax Rates.  
  In the Louisiana 2016 First Extraordinary Session, Act No. 8 was enacted into law. It is possible this law will change the tiered Louisiana corporate income tax rate which currently has a top marginal rate of 8% to a flat rate of 6.5%. Act No. 8 will become effective January 1, 2017, conditioned upon the adoption of the provisions of Act No. 31 by a statewide election. If passed, Act No. 31 would eliminate the deduction for corporate federal income taxes paid in computing state corporate income taxes. The statewide election is scheduled to be held on November 8, 2016. If the provisions of these two Acts become law, Cleco will be required to remeasure its deferred income tax assets and liabilities. The impact to Cleco is not expected to be material. Additionally, income tax expense in future periods may not be comparable to prior periods. 

53 

Results of operations for Cleco Power are more fully described below. 

Cleco Power s net income in the first   nine   months of   2016   decreased   $106.9 million   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  . Contributing factors include: 

higher merger commitment costs,  
                
    higher maintenance expense, 
                
    higher non-recoverable fuel and power purchased, 
                
    higher depreciation and amortization, 
                
    lower base revenue, and 
                
    lower other operations revenue. 
       
  These factors were partially offset by: 

lower income taxes, 
                
    lower electric customer credits, 
                
    higher gain on the sale of an asset, and 
                
    lower taxes other than income taxes. 

The following tables show the components of Cleco Power s base revenue: 

The following chart shows how cooling and heating degree-days varied from normal conditions and from the prior period. Cleco Power uses weather data provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to determine degree-days. 

Base 
  Base revenue decreased   $1.9 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to lower net sales due to usage, including milder winter weather, partially offset by an annual rate adjustment that began on July 1, 2015.  
  For information on the effects of future energy sales on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of Cleco Power, see Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors   Future Electricity Sales  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Fuel Cost Recovery/Recoverable Fuel and Power Purchased 
  Changes in fuel costs historically have not significantly affected Cleco Power s net income. Generally, fuel and purchased power expenses are recovered through the LPSC-established FAC, which enables Cleco Power to pass on to its customers substantially all such charges. Approximately 75% of Cleco Power s total fuel cost during the first   nine   months of   2016   was regulated by the LPSC. Recovery of FAC costs is subject to periodic fuel audits by the LPSC which may result in  

54 

a refund to customers. Generally, fuel and purchased power expenses are impacted by customer usage, the per unit cost of fuel used for electric generation, and the dispatch of Cleco Power s generating facilities by MISO. For more information on the current fuel audit, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 12   Litigation, Other Commitments and Contingencies, and Disclosure about Guarantees   Litigation   LPSC Audits   Fuel Audit.  
    
  Electric Customer Credits 
  Electric customer credits decreased   $2.9 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to $2.6 million of lower transmission ROE accruals largely as a result of the Final Order issued by FERC on the first complaint and $1.2 million due to the absence of accruals related to energy efficiency programs. These decreases were partially offset by $0.6 million related to the cost of service savings refund as a result of the Merger Commitments and $0.3 million for the absence of a reversal of accruals related to a site-specific industrial customer. For more information on the accrual of electric customer credits and the transmission ROE, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 10   Regulation and Rates.  
    
  Other Operations Revenue 
  Other operations revenue decreased   $1.3 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily related to $2.0 million of lower forfeited discounts mostly due to customer rate credits in the third quarter of 2016 as a result of the Merger, partially offset by $0.7 million of higher net transmission and distribution revenue. 
    
  Non-recoverable Fuel and Power Purchased 
  Non-recoverable fuel and power purchased increased   $4.0 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily related to $1.6 million for a reserve for uncollectible transmission expenses, $1.3 million of expenses related to fuel accounting software, and $1.1 million for expenses related to MISO transmission costs.  
    
  Maintenance Expense 
  Maintenance expense increased   $11.7 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to $9.5 million of higher generating station outage expenses, $1.6 million of higher transmission and distribution expenses, and $0.6 million of higher miscellaneous expenses.  
    
  Depreciation and Amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization expense increased   $3.7 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to $2.4 million of normal recurring additions to fixed assets, $1.1 million of higher amortization of storm damages which is based on collections from customers, $0.8 million of higher amortization of the state corporate franchise tax regulatory asset, and $0.8 million of higher amortization of intangible property. These increases were partially offset by higher deferrals of corporate franchise taxes to regulatory assets of $1.2 million and $0.2 million of lower other amortization. 

Taxes Other Than Income Taxes 
  Taxes other than income taxes decreased   $1.1 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to lower property tax accruals. 
    
  Merger Commitment Costs 
  Merger commitment costs increased   $151.5 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   due to a $136.0 million accrual of customer refunds and a $7.0 million one-time contribution for economic development in Cleco Power s service territory to be administered by the LED or another state agency, a $6.0 million accrual of charitable contributions to be disbursed over five years, and $2.5 million of contributions for economic development for Louisiana state and local organizations to be disbursed over five years as a result of the Merger Commitments. 
    
  Gain on Sale of Asset 
  Gain on sale of asset increased   $1.1 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to a gain on the sale of property.  
    
  Income     Taxes 
  Federal and state income tax expense decreased   $62.9 million   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to $65.6 million for the change in pretax income, excluding AFUDC equity, $1.1 million for adjustments for tax returns filed, and $0.3 million to record tax expense at the projected annual effective tax rate. These decreases were partially offset by $3.7 million for the flowthrough of state tax benefits and $0.4 million for miscellaneous tax items. 
  The estimated annual effective income tax rate used in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , for Cleco Power might not be indicative of the full-year income tax rate. Deductions related to some of the merger commitment costs have not been included in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , estimated annual effective income tax rate as they do not represent benefits for ordinary income. The income tax benefits related to merger commitment costs are recognized in the periods that the underlying expenses occur. 
  In the Louisiana 2016 First Extraordinary Session, Act No. 8 was enacted into law. It is possible this law will change the tiered Louisiana corporate income tax rate which currently has a top marginal rate of 8% to a flat rate of 6.5%. Act No. 8 will become effective January 1, 2017, conditioned upon the adoption of the provisions of Act No. 31 by a statewide election. If passed, Act No. 31 would eliminate the deduction for corporate federal income taxes paid in computing state corporate income taxes. The statewide election is scheduled to be held on November 8, 2016. If the provisions of these two Acts become law, Cleco Power will be required to remeasure its deferred income tax assets and liabilities. The impact to Cleco Power is not expected to be material. Additionally, income tax expense in future periods may not be comparable to prior periods. 

55 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

General Considerations and Credit-Related Risks 
    
  Credit Ratings and Counterparties 
  Financing for operational needs and capital expenditure requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows depends upon the cost and availability of external funds through both short- and long-term financing. The inability to raise capital on favorable terms could negatively affect Cleco s ability to maintain or expand its businesses. Access to funds is dependent upon factors such as general economic and capital market conditions, regulatory authorizations and policies, Cleco Holdings  and Cleco Power s credit ratings, cash flows from routine operations, and credit ratings of project counterparties. After assessing the current operating performance, liquidity, and credit ratings of Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power, management believes that Cleco will have access to the capital markets at prevailing market rates for companies with comparable credit ratings. The following table presents the credit ratings of Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power at   September 30, 2016  : 
                           
    SENIOR UNSECURED DEBT 
      
    CORPORATE CREDIT 
        
    MOODY S 
      
    S P 
      
    S P 
      Cleco Holdings 
    Baa3 
      
    N/A 
      
    BBB- 
      Cleco Power 
        A3 
      
    BBB+      
      
    BBB+ 

On April 8, 2016, S P and Moody s updated the credit ratings for Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power, taking into consideration the anticipated completion of the Merger. S P credit ratings were maintained at Cleco Power at BBB+ (stable) and downgraded at Cleco Holdings from BBB+ (stable) to BBB- (stable). Moody s credit ratings were maintained at Cleco Power at A3 (stable) and downgraded at Cleco Holdings from Baa1 (stable) to Baa3 (stable). 
  Cleco notes that credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
  Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power pay fees and interest under their bank credit agreements based on the highest rating held. Savings are dependent upon the level of borrowings. If Cleco Holdings or Cleco Power s credit ratings were to be downgraded by S P and Moody s, Cleco Holdings and/or Cleco Power will be required to pay additional fees and incur higher interest rates for borrowings under their respective credit facilities. Cleco Power s collateral for derivatives is based on the lowest rating held. If Cleco Power s credit ratings were to be downgraded by S P or Moody s, Cleco Power will be required to post additional collateral for derivatives.  
  With respect to any open power or natural gas trading positions that Cleco Power may initiate in the future, Cleco Power may be required to provide credit support or pay liquidated damages. The amount of credit support that Cleco Power may be required to provide at any point in the future is dependent on the amount of the initial transaction, changes in the market price of power and natural gas, changes in open power and gas positions, and changes in the amount counterparties owe Cleco Power. Changes in any of these  

factors could cause the amount of requested credit support to increase or decrease.  
  Cleco Power participates in the MISO market, which operates a fully functioning RTO market with two major market processes: the Day-Ahead Energy and Operating Reserves Market and the Real-Time Energy and Operating Reserves Market. Both use market-based mechanisms to manage transmission congestion across the MISO market area. MISO required Cleco Power to provide credit support which may increase or decrease due to the timing of the settlement schedules. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had a $2.0 million letter of credit to MISO pursuant to the credit requirements of FTRs. The letter of credit automatically renews each year. For information about MISO, see Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Financial Condition   Regulatory and Other Matters   Transmission Rates of Cleco Power  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Global and U.S. Economic Environment 
  Global and domestic economic conditions may have an impact on Cleco s business and financial condition. Access to capital markets is a significant source of funding for both short- and long-term capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows. During periods of capital market volatility, the availability of capital could be limited and the costs of capital may increase for many companies. Although the Registrants have not experienced restrictions in the financial markets, their ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when the Registrants would like, or need, to do so. Any restrictions could have a material impact on the Registrants  ability to fund capital expenditures or debt service, or on their flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. Credit constraints could have a material negative impact on the Registrants  lenders or customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to the Registrants or to delay payment of such obligations. The lower interest rates to which the Registrants have been exposed have been beneficial to debt issuances; however, these rates have negatively affected interest income for the Registrants  short-term investments.  
    
  Fair Value Measurements 
  Various accounting pronouncements require certain assets and liabilities to be measured at their fair values. Some assets and liabilities are required to be measured at their fair value each reporting period, while others are required to be measured only one time, generally the date of acquisition or debt issuance. Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power are required to disclose the fair value of certain assets and liabilities by one of three levels. Other financial assets and liabilities, such as long-term debt, are reported at their carrying values at their date of issuance on the consolidated balance sheets with their fair values as of the balance sheet date disclosed within the three levels. For more information about fair value levels, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 5   Fair Value Accounting.  

Cash Generation and Cash Requirements 

Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  Various agreements to which Cleco is subject contain covenants that restrict its use of cash. As certain provisions under these agreements are met, cash is transferred out of  

56 

related escrow accounts and becomes available for its intended purposes and/or general corporate purposes. 
  Cleco and Cleco Power s restricted cash and cash equivalents consisted of:  

Cleco Katrina/Rita has the right to bill and collect storm restoration costs from Cleco Power s customers. As cash is collected, it is restricted for payment of administration fees, interest, and principal on storm recovery bonds. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Katrina/Rita collected   $15.5 million   net of administration fees. In March and September 2016, Cleco Katrina/Rita used   $8.5 million   and   $8.3 million  , respectively, for scheduled storm recovery bond principal payments and   $2.3 million   and   $2.1 million  , respectively, for related interest payments. 
  Included in the Merger Commitments were $6.0 million of charitable contributions to be disbursed over five years and $136.0 million of rate credits to eligible customers. On April 25, 2016, in accordance with the Merger Commitments, Cleco Power established the charitable contribution fund and deposited the rate credit funds into an escrow account. On April 28, 2016, the LPSC voted to issue the rate credits equally to customers with service as of June 30, 2016, beginning in July 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  , $0.5 million of the charitable contributions and $107.7 million of the rate credits had been remitted from restricted cash. 

Debt 
    
  Cleco Consolidated 
  At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Cleco had   no   short-term debt outstanding.  

At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco s long-term debt outstanding was   $2.76 billion  , of which   $20.4 million   was due within one year. The long-term debt due within one year at   September 30, 2016  , represents   $17.9 million   of principal payments for the Cleco Katrina/Rita storm recovery bonds and   $2.5 million   of capital lease payments.  
  In connection with the completion of the Merger, on April 13, 2016, Cleco Holdings entered into a $1.35 billion Acquisition Loan Facility. The Acquisition Loan Facility had a three-year term and a rate of LIBOR plus 1.75% or ABR plus 0.75%. In May and June 2016, Cleco Holdings refinanced the Acquisition Loan Facility with a series of other long-term financing described below. 
  On May 17, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed the public sale of $535.0 million of 3.743% senior notes due May 1, 2026, and $350.0 million of 4.973% senior notes due May 1, 2046. On May 24, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed the private sale of $165.0 million of 3.250% senior notes due May 1, 2023. On June 28, 2016, Cleco Holdings entered into a $300.0 million variable rate bank term loan due June 28, 2021. Amounts outstanding under the bank term loan bear interest, at Cleco s option, at a base rate plus   0.625%   or an adjusted LIBOR rate plus   1.625%  . On July 1, 2016, the bank term loan was converted to a LIBOR-based rate. At September 30, 2016, the all-in rate was 2.155%. The proceeds from the issuance and sale of these notes and term loan were used to repay the $1.35 billion Acquisition Loan Facility, as well as fees and expenses related to the offering. Debt issuance costs of $17.7 million were recorded in connection with the repayment of the Acquisition Loan Facility. 
  Cash and cash equivalents available at   September 30, 2016  , were   $81.6 million   combined with   $400.0 million   credit facility capacity (  $100.0 million   from Cleco Holdings and   $300.0 million   from Cleco Power) for total liquidity of   $481.6 million  .  
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco and Cleco Power were exposed to concentrations of credit risk through their short-term investments classified as cash equivalents. In order to mitigate potential credit risk, Cleco and Cleco Power have established guidelines for short-term investments. For more information on the concentration of credit risk through short-term investments classified as cash equivalents, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 5   Fair Value Accounting.  
  For the successor period   September 30, 2016  , Cleco had a working capital   surplus   of   $210.2 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting working capital for the successor period with the exception of a $33.0 million increase in provisions for the Merger Commitments, a $28.1 million increase in restricted cash and cash equivalents due to the funding of customer rate credits as a result of the Merger Commitments, and a $20.7 million regulatory asset related to fair value adjustments of long-term debt as a result of the Merger. 
  For the predecessor period   December 31, 2015  , Cleco had a working capital surplus of   $242.3 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting working capital for the predecessor period. 
    
  Cleco Holdings (Holding Company Level) 
  Cleco Holdings had   no   short-term debt outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , or   December 31, 2015  .  
  On April 13, 2016, in connection with the completion of the Merger, Cleco Holdings replaced its existing $250.0 million  

57 

credit facility with a $100.0 million credit facility. This facility provides for working capital and other financing needs. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Holdings had   no   borrowings outstanding under its   $100.0 million   credit facility.  
  Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power have uncommitted lines of credit with a bank that allow up to $10.0 million each in short-term borrowings, but no more than $10.0 million in aggregate, to support their working capital needs. 
  Cash and cash equivalents available at   September 30, 2016  , were   $26.0 million  , combined with the   $100.0 million   credit facility capacity for total liquidity of   $126.0 million  . 
    
  Cleco Power 
  At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Cleco Power had   no   short-term debt outstanding. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power s long-term debt outstanding was   $1.24 billion  , of which   $20.4 million   was due within one year. The long-term debt due within one year at   September 30, 2016  , represents   $17.9 million   of principal payments for the Cleco Katrina/Rita storm recovery bonds and   $2.5 million   of capital lease payments. For Cleco Power, long-term debt   decreased     $17.8 million   from December 31,   2015  , primarily due to   $16.8 million   in scheduled Cleco Katrina/Rita storm recovery bond principal payments made in March and September 2016 and a   $1.9 million   decrease in capital lease obligations. These decreases were partially offset by   $0.6 million   of debt issuance cost amortizations and   $0.3 million   of debt discount amortizations. 
  On April 13, 2016, in connection with the completion of the Merger, Cleco Power replaced its existing $300.0 million credit facility with a new $300.0 million credit facility. This facility provides for working capital and other financing needs. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had   no   borrowings outstanding under its   $300.0 million   credit facility. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had a $2.0 million letter of credit to MISO pursuant to the credit requirements of FTRs. This credit facility is covered under a standing letter of credit outside of Cleco Power s credit facility; therefore, it does not reduce the borrowing capacity of Cleco Power s new credit facility. 
  Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power have uncommitted lines of credit with a bank that allow up to $10.0 million each in short-term borrowings, but no more than $10.0 million in aggregate, to support their working capital needs.  
  Cash and cash equivalents available at   September 30, 2016  , were   $55.3 million  , combined with   $300.0 million   credit facility capacity for total liquidity of   $355.3 million  .  
  At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Cleco Power had a working capital   surplus   of   $146.7 million   and   $184.9 million  , respectively. The   $38.2 million     decrease   in working capital is primarily due to: 

a $43.2 million decrease in fuel inventory primarily due to lower lignite deliveries and lower cost of petroleum coke reserves, 
                
    a $33.0 million increase in the provision for the Merger Commitments, 
                
    a $15.1 million increase in accrued interest due to timing of debt service schedules, and 
                
    a $10.4 million decrease in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents.  

These decreases in working capital were partially offset by: 

a $30.8 million increase in the unbilled revenue accrual and customer accounts receivable primarily due to an increase in retail revenue, 
                
    a $22.4 million increase in restricted cash and cash equivalents primarily due to the funding of customer rate credits as a result of the Merger Commitments, and 
                
    a $13.5 million increase in accumulated deferred fuel primarily due to higher fuel costs and power purchases, the timing of collections of fuel expense, and customer usage.  
       
  On November 1, 2016, Cleco Power redeemed at par $60.0 million of 4.70% Solid Waste Disposal Facility bonds due November 2036. As part of the redemption, Cleco Power paid   $1.4 million   of accrued interest on the redeemed bonds. 
    
  Credit Facilities 
  On April 13, 2016, in connection with the completion of the Merger, Cleco Holdings replaced its existing $250.0 million credit facility with a $100.0 million credit facility. The new credit facility has similar terms as the previous facility, including restricted financial covenants, and expires in 2021. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Holdings was in compliance with the covenants of its credit facility. The borrowing costs under Cleco Holdings  new credit facility are equal to LIBOR plus 1.75% or ABR plus 0.75%, plus commitment fees of 0.275%. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Holdings had   no   borrowings outstanding under its   $100.0 million   credit facility. If Cleco Holdings  credit ratings were to be downgraded one level, Cleco Holdings would be required to pay higher fees and additional interest of 0.075% and 0.50%, respectively, under the pricing levels of its credit facility. 
  On April 13, 2016, in connection with the completion of the Merger, Cleco Power replaced its existing $300.0 million credit facility with a new $300.0 million credit facility. The new credit facility has similar terms as the previous facility, including restricted financial covenants, and expires in 2021. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power was in compliance with the covenants of its credit facility. The borrowing costs under Cleco Power s new credit facility are equal to LIBOR plus 1.125% or ABR plus 0.125%, plus commitment fees of 0.125%. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had   no   borrowings outstanding under its   $300.0 million   credit facility. A $2.0 million letter of credit issued to MISO is covered under a standing letter of credit outside of Cleco Power s credit facility; therefore, it does not reduce the borrowing capacity of Cleco Power s new credit facility. If Cleco Power s credit ratings were to be downgraded one level, Cleco Power would be required to pay higher fees and additional interest of 0.05% and 0.125%, respectively, under the pricing levels of its credit facility. 
  If Cleco Holdings or Cleco Power were to default under the covenants in their respective credit facilities or other debt agreements, they would be unable to borrow additional funds under the facilities and the lenders could accelerate all principal and interest outstanding. Further, if Cleco Power were to default under its credit facility or other debt agreements, Cleco Holdings would be considered in default under its credit facility. 

58 

Debt Limitations 
  The Merger Commitments provide for limitations on the amount of distributions that can be made from Cleco Power to Cleco Holdings, depending on Cleco Power s equity ratio and its corporate credit/issuer ratings. As a result of the Merger Commitments, Cleco Power may be prohibited from making distributions to Cleco Holdings. In addition, the Merger Commitments prohibit Cleco from incurring additional long-term debt, excluding non-recourse debt, unless certain financial ratios are achieved. For more information on additional merger commitments, see Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors   Regulatory Compliance  and    Holding Company  in the Registrants  Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. 

Cleco Consolidated Cash Flows 
    
  Net Operating Cash Flow 
  Cleco s net cash provided by operating activities for the successor period April 13, 2016, through   September 30, 2016  , was   $66.7 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting cash provided by operating activities with the exception of $23.9 million related to payments for merger transaction costs during the successor period.  
  Cleco s net cash provided by operating activities for the predecessor period January 1, 2016, through April 12, 2016, was   $129.8 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting cash provided by operating activities.    
  Cleco s net cash provided by operating activities for the predecessor period January 1, 2015, through   September 30, 2015  , was   $304.0 million  . There were no significant changes in the underlying trends impacting cash provided by operating activities.    
  For information on Cleco s investing and financing activities for the predecessor and successor periods, see Item 1,  Cleco Holdings   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.   
    
  Cleco Power Cash Flows 
    
  Net Operating Cash Flow 
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $214.5 million   and   $310.3 million   during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , respectively. Net cash provided by operating activities   decreased     $95.8 million   primarily due to: 

higher payments for affiliate settlements of $30.1 million, and 
                
    lower net fuel and power purchase collections of $11.5 million primarily due to timing of recovery. 
       
  These decreases were partially offset by lower payments for fuel inventory of $33.0 million primarily due to lower lignite deliveries and lower petroleum coke purchases. 
  For information on Cleco Power s investing and financing activities, see Item 1,  Cleco Power   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.   

Contractual Obligations  
  Cleco, in the normal course of business activities, enters into a variety of contractual obligations. Some of these result in direct obligations that are reflected in Cleco s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets while others are commitments, some firm and some based on uncertainties, that are not reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  For more information regarding Cleco s Contractual Obligations, see Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Financial Condition   Contractual Obligations  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Guarantees  
  Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power have entered into various off-balance sheet commitments, in the form of guarantees and standing letters of credit, in order to facilitate their activities and the activities of Cleco Holdings  subsidiaries and equity investees (affiliates). Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power have also agreed to contractual terms that require them to pay third parties if certain triggering events occur. These contractual terms generally are defined as guarantees. For more information about off-balance sheet commitments and guarantees, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 12   Litigation, Other Commitments and Contingencies, and Disclosures about Guarantees   Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Guarantees.  

Regulatory and Other Matters 
    
  Environmental Matters 
  Cleco is subject to extensive environmental regulation by federal, state, and local authorities and is required to comply with numerous environmental laws and regulations, and to obtain and comply with numerous governmental permits, in operating its facilities. In addition, existing environmental laws, regulations, and permits could be revised or reinterpreted; new laws and regulations could be adopted or become applicable to Cleco or its facilities; and future changes in environmental laws and regulations could occur, including potential regulatory and enforcement developments related to air emissions. Cleco may incur significant additional costs to comply with these revisions, reinterpretations, and requirements. Cleco Power would then seek recovery of additional environmental compliance costs as riders through the LPSC s EAC or its FRP. If Cleco fails to comply with these revisions, reinterpretations, and requirements, it could be subject to civil or criminal liabilities and fines.  
  In December 2015, the EPA published the proposed Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) update for the 2008 ozone NAAQS in the Federal Register. The EPA finalized the rule on October 26, 2016, with publication in the Federal Register. The EPA proposed Federal Implementation Plans (FIP) that update the existing EGU CSAPR NO   x    ozone season emission budgets and implement the budgets through the existing CSAPR NO   x    ozone-season allowance trading program. The FIP requires implementation beginning with the 2017 ozone season, which consists of the months of May through September. Management does not believe the final rule will have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 

59 

In February 2012, the EPA finalized the MATS ruling that requires affected EGUs to meet strict emission limits on new and existing coal- and liquid oil-fired EGUs for mercury, acid gases, and non-mercury metallic pollutants. Cleco Power units impacted by the rule included Rodemacher Unit 2, Madison Unit 3, and Dolet Hills. MATS controls equipment was installed and Cleco Power s three EGUs affected by the MATS rule were compliant by the April 16, 2015, deadline. In February 2016, the LPSC approved Cleco Power s request for authorization to recover the revenue requirements associated with the MATS equipment. As of September 30, 2016, Cleco Power had spent $106.4 million on the project. Cleco Power s final project cost is expected to be $108.0 million, with the remaining costs being related to post-construction refinements. On March 31, 2016, the Sierra Club filed a petition for judicial review in the 19th Judicial District Court, State of Louisiana, requesting that the LPSC s approval of MATS be vacated. Deadlines have not been set by the 19th Judicial District Court. Cleco believes the LPSC s approval was neither arbitrary nor capricious and, as such, believes the Sierra Club s request to be without merit. In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court remanded the MATS rule to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. The Supreme Court held that the EPA had not demonstrated that the promulgation of the MATS rule was  appropriate and necessary  due to the EPA s failure to consider costs. In December 2015, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals remanded the rule to the EPA; however, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals did not vacate the rule. On April 15, 2016, the EPA released a final supplemental finding that, even considering costs, it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants. By the June 24, 2016, deadline, six petitions were filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals for review of the EPA s findings. 
  In August 2015, the EPA released the final guidelines referred to as the CPP. These guidelines provide each state with standards for CO   2      emissions from the state s utility industry. The EPA derived the limits for each state through a strategy involving a combination of unit efficiency improvements, dispatching away from boilers to combined cycle units, and applying renewable energy. The CPP requires significant reductions of CO   2    emissions. The CPP sets interim and final CO   2    emission goals for each state. The interim emission goals begin in 2022, with final emission goals required by 2030. The rule is currently under review by electric utilities and state regulators. On February 9, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay of the CPP, which will stay in place until the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals rules on the merits, followed by a U.S. Supreme Court ruling. Oral arguments were heard by the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals on September 27, 2016, with a final decision expected by mid-year 2017. If the U.S. Supreme Court grants a writ application, a decision is not expected until early 2018. Until the U.S. Supreme Court issues a ruling and the State of Louisiana releases an implementation plan, management cannot predict what the final standards will entail for Cleco or what controls the EPA and the state of Louisiana may require in a final state implementation plan. However, any new rules that require significant reductions of CO   2    emissions could require significant capital expenditures or curtailment of operations of certain EGUs to achieve compliance. 
  In November 2015, the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (LDEQ) notified the EPA that DeSoto Parish was in compliance with the NAAQS SO   2    requirement and recommended a designation of attainment. In February  

2016, the EPA indicated that it intended to classify a portion of DeSoto Parish as non-attainment. The EPA accepted information and comments from the LDEQ. The public was also provided an opportunity to submit comments. Cleco provided comments to the EPA on March 30, 2016. The EPA s final designation published in the Federal Register on July 12, 2016, designated DeSoto Parish to be nonclassifiable/attainment. As a result, there is no impact to Cleco s generating units.  
  The EPA has proposed and adopted rules under the authority of the Clean Air Act (CAA) relevant to the emissions of SO   2    and NO   x    from Cleco s generating units. The CAA contains a regional haze program with the goal of returning certain areas of the nation to natural visibility by 2064. States are required to develop regional haze state implementation plans (SIP) and revise them every ten years. SIP must include several components, including requirements for the installation of Best Available Retrofit Technology (BART) for eligible EGUs in Louisiana. The LDEQ now must determine what the BART requirements will be for BART-eligible EGUs for the control of SO   2      and NO   x   . Until the LDEQ determines what BART requirements are for Cleco units and completes its update of SIP, Cleco is unable to predict if the adopted rules will have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  For a discussion of other Cleco environmental matters, see Part I, Item 1,  Business   Environmental Matters  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Retail Rates of Cleco Power 
  Generally, the cost of fuel used for electric generation and the cost of power purchased for utility customers are recovered through the LPSC-established FAC, that enables Cleco Power to pass on to its customers substantially all such charges. Recovery of FAC costs is subject to periodic fuel audits by the LPSC. The LPSC FAC General Order issued in November 1997, in Docket No. U-21497 provides that an audit will be performed at least every other year. On February 3, 2016, the LPSC initiated an audit of Cleco Power s fuel and purchased power expenses for the period January 2014 through December 2015. The total amount of fuel expense included in this audit is $582.6 million. Cleco Power has responded to two sets of data requests from the LPSC Staff and the responses are currently under review. Management is unable to predict or give a reasonable estimate of the possible range of the disallowance, if any, related to this audit. If a disallowance of fuel costs is ordered, resulting in a refund, any such refund could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants.  
  For information concerning Cleco Power s current FRP and amounts accrued and refunded by Cleco Power as a result of the FRP, and information on the LPSC Staff s FRP reviews, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 10   Regulation and Rates.  
  In July 2009, the LPSC issued Docket No. U-29380 Subdocket A, which provides for an EAC to recover from customers certain costs of environmental compliance. The costs eligible for recovery are prudently incurred air emissions credits associated with complying with federal, state, and local air emission regulations that apply to the generation of electricity reduced by the sale of such allowances. Also eligible for recovery are variable emission mitigation costs,  

60 

which are the costs of reagents such as ammonia and limestone that are a part of the fuel mix used to reduce air emissions, among other things. On February 3, 2016, the LPSC initiated an audit of Cleco Power s environmental costs for the period November 2010 through December 2015. The total amount of environmental costs included in this audit is $81.2 million. Cleco Power has responded to three sets of data requests from the LPSC Staff and the responses are currently under review. Management is unable to predict or give a reasonable estimate of the possible range of the disallowance, if any, related to this audit. If a disallowance of environmental costs is ordered resulting in a refund, any such refund could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. Cleco Power began incurring additional environmental compliance expenses in the second quarter of 2015 for reagents associated with compliance with MATS. In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court remanded the MATS rule to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals. In December 2015, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals remanded the rule to the EPA; however, the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals did not vacate this rule. On April 15, 2016, the EPA released a final supplemental finding that, even considering costs, it is appropriate and necessary to regulate hazardous air pollutants. As of the June 24, 2016, deadline, six petitions were filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals for review of the EPA s findings. These expenses are eligible for recovery through Cleco Power s EAC and are subject to periodic review by the LPSC. 
  On April 8, 2016, the LPSC issued Docket No. R-34026 to investigate double leveraging issues for all LPSC-jurisdictional utilities whereby double leveraging is utilized to fund a utility s capital structure, and to consider whether any costs associated with such double leveraging should be included in the rates paid by the utility s retail customers. Cleco Power filed a motion to intervene in this proceeding along with other Louisiana utilities. On April 8, 2016, the LPSC also issued Docket No. R-34029 to investigate tax structure issues for all LPSC-jurisdictional utilities to consider whether only the state and federal taxes included in a utility s retail rate will be those that do not exceed the utility s share of the actual taxes paid to those federal and state taxing authorities. Cleco Power filed a motion to intervene in this proceeding along with other Louisiana utilities. On October 4, 2016, Cleco received the first set of data requests from the LPSC Staff for each of the above mentioned dockets. Cleco is in the process of preparing responses to these requests. If the LPSC were to disallow such costs incurred by the utility to be included in retail rates, such disallowance could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 
  For information on certain other regulatory aspects of retail rates concerning Cleco Power, see Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Financial Condition   Regulatory and Other Matters   Retail Rates of Cleco Power  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Wholesale Rates of Cleco Power 
  The rates Cleco Power charges its wholesale customers are subject to FERC s triennial market power analysis. FERC requires a utility to pass a screening test as a condition for securing and/or retaining approval to sell electricity in wholesale markets at market-based rates. An updated market  

power analysis is to be filed with FERC every three years or upon the occurrence of a change in status as defined by FERC regulation. In February 2014, FERC issued an order to accept Cleco s substitute market power analysis and grant the power marketing entities the authority to continue to charge market-based rates for wholesale power. Cleco filed its triennial market power analysis with FERC in January 2015. On March 1, 2016, FERC issued an order finding Cleco s submittal satisfies its requirements for market-based rate authority regarding both horizontal and vertical market power.  
    
  Transmission Rates of Cleco Power 
  Two complaints were filed with FERC seeking to reduce the ROE component of the transmission rates that MISO transmission owners, including Cleco, may collect under the MISO tariff. The complaints sought to reduce the current 12.38% ROE used in MISO s transmission rates to a proposed 6.68%. The first complaint is for the period November 2013 through February 2015. In December 2015, an ALJ issued an initial decision recommending a 10.32% ROE. On September 29, 2016, FERC issued a Final Order confirming the ALJ s recommendation of a 10.32% ROE.   
  In February 2015, the second ROE complaint was filed for the period February 2015 through May 2016. In June 2016, an ALJ issued an initial decision in the second rate case docket recommending a 9.70% base ROE. A binding FERC order on the second rate case is expected in the second quarter of 2017.  
  In November 2014, the MISO transmission owners committee, in which Cleco is a member, filed a request with FERC for an incentive to increase the new ROE by 50 basis points for RTO participation as allowed by the MISO tariff. In January 2015, FERC granted the request. The collection of the adder is delayed until the resolution of the ROE complaint proceedings. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had   $2.6 million   accrued for a reduction to the ROE for the entire period December 2013 through May 2016. Management believes a reduction in the ROE, as well as any resulting refund, will not have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants.  
  For more information about the risks associated with Cleco Power s participation in MISO, see Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors   MISO  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  For information on transmission rates of Cleco Power, see Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Financial Condition   Regulatory and Other Matters   Wholesale Rates of Cleco  and    Transmission Rates of Cleco Power  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Transmission and Generation Projects 
  Cleco Power is involved in several transmission projects, including the Layfield/Messick project, the Cenla Transmission Expansion project, and the Terrebonne to Bayou Vista Transmission project. Cleco Power is also currently involved in the St. Mary Clean Energy Center project, which is a proposed waste heat generating unit. For information on these projects, see    Overview   Cleco Power.  

61 

Market Restructuring    
    
  Wholesale Electric Markets 
    
  RTO 
  For information on Cleco Power s operations within MISO and for information on regulatory aspects of wholesale electric markets affecting Cleco, see Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Financial Condition   Regulatory and Other Matters   Market Restructuring   Wholesale Electric Markets  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  ERO 
  The Energy Policy Act of 2005 added Section 215 to the Federal Power Act, which provides for a uniform system of mandatory, enforceable reliability standards. In 2006, FERC named NERC as the ERO that will be required to develop and enforce the mandatory reliability standards.  
  The Southwest Power Pool Regional Entity (SPP RE) conducts a NERC Reliability Standard audit every three years. A NERC Reliability Standard audit was conducted in April 2016. There were three possible violations associated with the April audit. The SPP RE dismissed one possible violation. Cleco Power has completed the mitigation plans for the other two violations and has submitted the information to the SPP RE. The SPP RE and NERC have approved the mitigation plans, and the information has been submitted to FERC. Cleco Power is awaiting FERC s approval. Cleco Power does not expect any fines to be associated with these findings.  
  The SPP RE also conducts a NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection audit every three years. Cleco Power s next scheduled NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection audit is expected to begin in February 2017. Management is unable to predict the outcome of the audit or whether it will have a material adverse effect on Cleco Power s results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 
  For a discussion of risks associated with FERC s regulation of Cleco Power s transmission system, see Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors   Reliability and Infrastructure Protection Standards Compliance  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Retail Electric Markets 
  For information on the regulatory aspects of retail electric markets affecting Cleco Power, see Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Financial Condition   Regulatory and Other Matters   Market Restructuring   Retail Electric Markets  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Lignite Deferral 
  At   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , Cleco Power had   $7.0 million   and   $8.9 million  , respectively, in uncollected deferred lignite mining costs.  
  For more information on Cleco Power s deferred lignite mining expenditures, see Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Financial Condition   Regulatory and Other Matters   Lignite Deferral  in the Registrants  Combined  

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  IRP 
  In accordance with the General Order in LPSC Docket No. R-30021, Cleco Power filed a request with the LPSC to initiate an IRP process in October 2013. The IRP process included the conduct of stakeholder meetings and consideration of feedback provided by stakeholders. Cleco Power filed its IRP with the LPSC in September 2015. Stakeholders filed comments in November 2015. The LPSC Staff filed its comments in December 2015, which included a recommendation that the LPSC accept Cleco Power s IRP as filed. In April 2016, the LPSC approved Cleco Power s IRP report, which fostered a collaborative working process for the development of Cleco Power s long-term resource plan covering the planning period of 2015 through 2034. 
    
  Service Quality Program (SQP) 
  In October 2015, the LPSC proposed an SQP containing 21 requirements for Cleco Power. The SQP has provisions relating to employee headcount, customer service, reliability, vegetation management, and reporting. On February 1, 2016, the SQP was approved by the LPSC. The SQP will remain in effect until 2021. Prior to the expiration of the SQP, a new five-year program must be negotiated and submitted to the LPSC for approval. Cleco Power is required to file a monitoring report annually, beginning in April 2017. 
    
  Franchises 
  Cleco Power operates under nonexclusive franchise rights granted by governmental units, such as municipalities and parishes (counties), and enforced by state law. Cleco Power s     next municipal franchise expires in August 2020.  
  On May 14, 2016, the Town of Elizabeth voted to approve a new franchise agreement with Cleco Power with an effective date of May 14, 2018. The franchise agreement is for 10 years until May 2028. Approximately 219 Cleco Power customers are located in the Town of Elizabeth.  
  On July 14, 2016, the Village of McNary voted to approve a new franchise agreement with Cleco Power with an effective date of July 14, 2016. The franchise agreement is for 30 years until July 2046. Approximately 89 Cleco Power customers are located in the Village of McNary. 
  For more information on franchises, see Part I, Item 1,  Business Regulatory Matters, Industry Developments, and Franchises   Franchises  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Recent Authoritative Guidance 
  For a discussion of recent authoritative guidance, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 3   Recent Authoritative Guidance.  
   
               CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Cleco s critical accounting policies include accounting policies that are important to Cleco s financial condition and results of operations and that require management to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments about future events, which could result in a material impact to the financial statements of Cleco. The preparation of financial statements contained in this report requires management to make estimates and assumptions. Estimates and assumptions about future events  

62 

and their effects cannot be made with certainty. These estimates involve judgments regarding many factors that in and of themselves could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures. On an ongoing basis, these estimates and assumptions are evaluated and, if necessary, adjustments are made when warranted by new or updated information or by a change in circumstances or environment. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  For more information on Cleco s critical accounting policies, see Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Critical Accounting Policies  in the Registrant s Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Business Combinations 
  On April 13, 2016, Cleco Holdings completed its merger with Merger Sub whereby Merger Sub merged with and into Cleco Corporation, with Cleco Corporation surviving the Merger, and Cleco Corporation converting to a limited liability company and changing its name to Cleco Holdings, as a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Group and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Partners. The merger transaction required the use of the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The objective of this method is to establish a new accounting basis for the acquiree. Cleco Holdings  assets and liabilities were measured and recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. Cleco Power s assets and liabilities were recorded at historical cost since Cleco did not elect pushdown accounting at the Cleco Power level. The financial statements and accompanying footnotes for Cleco have been segregated to present pre-merger activity as the  Predecessor  and post-merger activity as the  Successor.  The predecessor period is not comparable to the successor period. For more information, see Item 1,  Notes to the  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 2   Business Combinations.  
   
               CLECO POWER   NARRATIVE ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cleco Power meets the conditions specified in General Instructions H(1)(a) and (b) to Form 10-Q and is therefore permitted to use the reduced disclosure format for wholly owned subsidiaries of reporting companies. Accordingly, Cleco Power has omitted from this report the information called for by Item 2 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Item 3 (Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk) of Part I of Form 10-Q and the following Part II items of Form 10-Q: Item 2 (Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds) and Item 3 (Defaults upon Senior Securities). Pursuant to the General Instructions, Cleco Power has included an explanation of the reasons for material changes in the amount of revenue and expense items of Cleco Power between the first   nine   months of   2016   and the first   nine   months of   2015  . Reference is made to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  For an explanation of material changes in the amount of revenue and expense items of Cleco Power between the   third   quarter of   2016   and the   third   quarter of   2015  , see    Results of Operations   Comparison of the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015     Cleco Power  of this Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  For an explanation of material changes in the amount of revenue and expense items of Cleco Power between the first   nine   months of   2016   and the first   nine   months of   2015  , see    Results of Operations   Comparison of the Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015     Cleco Power  of this Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 3.            QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Risk Overview 

Market risk inherent in Cleco s market risk-sensitive instruments and positions includes potential changes in value arising from changes in interest rates and the commodity market prices of power, FTRs, and natural gas in the industry on different energy exchanges.  
  Cleco evaluates derivatives and hedging activities to determine whether market risk-sensitive instruments and positions are required to be marked-to-market. When positions close, actual gains or losses are included in the FAC and reflected on customers  bills as a component of the FAC.  
  Cleco s exposure to market risk, as discussed below, represents an estimate of possible changes in the fair value or future earnings that would occur, assuming possible future movements in the interest rates and commodity prices of power, FTRs, and natural gas. Management s views on market risk are not necessarily indicative of actual results, nor do they represent the maximum possible gains or losses. The views do represent, within the parameters disclosed, what management estimates may happen. 
  Cleco maintains a master netting agreement policy and monitors credit risk exposure through reviews of counterparty credit quality, aggregate counterparty credit exposure, and aggregate counterparty concentration levels. Cleco manages  

these risks by establishing appropriate credit and concentration limits on transactions with counterparties and requiring contractual guarantees, cash deposits, or letters of credit from counterparties or their affiliates, as deemed necessary. Cleco Power has agreements in place with various counterparties that authorize the netting of financial buys and sells and contract payments to mitigate credit risk for transactions entered into for risk management purposes. 
  Access to capital markets is a significant source of funding for both short- and long-term capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows. Future actions or inactions of the federal government, including a failure to increase the government debt limit, could increase the actual or perceived risk that the U.S. may not pay its obligations when due and may disrupt financial markets, including capital markets, potentially limiting availability and increasing costs of capital. The inability to raise capital on favorable terms could negatively affect Cleco s ability to maintain and expand its businesses. After assessing the current operating performance, liquidity, and credit ratings of Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power, management believes that Cleco will have access to the capital markets at prevailing market rates for companies with comparable credit ratings. Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power pay fees and interest under their respective credit facilities based on the highest rating held. On April 8,  

63 

2016, S P and Moody s updated the credit ratings for Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power, taking into consideration the anticipated completion of the Merger. S P credit ratings were maintained at Cleco Power at BBB+ (stable) and downgraded at Cleco Holdings to BBB- (stable). Moody s credit ratings were maintained at Cleco Power at A3 (stable) and downgraded at Cleco Holdings to Baa3 (stable). If Cleco Holdings or Cleco Power s credit ratings were to be downgraded by S P and Moody s, Cleco Holdings and/or Cleco Power will be required to pay additional fees and incur higher interest rates for borrowings under their respective credit facilities. Cleco Power s collateral for derivatives is based on the lowest rating held. If Cleco Power s credit ratings were to be downgraded by S P or Moody s, Cleco Power will be required to post additional collateral for derivatives. 
    
  Interest Rate Risks 
  Cleco monitors its mix of fixed- and variable-rate debt obligations in light of changing market conditions and from time to time may alter that mix, for example, refinancing balances outstanding under its variable-rate credit facility with fixed-rate debt. For details, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 6   Debt.  Calculations of the changes in fair market value and interest expense of the debt securities are made over a one-year period. 
  Sensitivity to changes in interest rates for variable-rate obligations is computed by assuming a 1% change in the current interest rate applicable to such debt. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco had   no   short-term variable rate debt and   no   long-term variable-rate debt under Cleco Holdings    $100.0 million   credit facility. The borrowing costs under Cleco Holdings  new credit facility are equal to LIBOR plus 1.75% or ABR plus 0.75%, plus commitment fees of 0.275%.  
  On June 28, 2016, Cleco Holdings entered into a $300.0 million variable rate bank term loan due June 28, 2021. On July 1, 2016, the bank term loan was converted to a LIBOR-based rate. At September 30, 2016, the all in rate was 2.155%. Each 1% increase in the interest rate applicable to such debt would result in a decrease in Cleco s pretax earnings of $3.0 million. 
  For a discussion on the long-term variable-rate debt related to Cleco Power, please refer to    Cleco Power.   
    
  Commodity Price Risks 
  Management believes Cleco has controls in place to minimize the risks involved in its financial and energy commodity activities. Independent controls over energy commodity functions consist of a middle office (risk management), a back office (accounting), and regulatory compliance staff, as well as monitoring by a risk management committee comprised of officers who are designated by Cleco s Board of Managers. Risk limits are recommended by the Risk Management Committee and are monitored through a daily market report that identifies the VaR, current market conditions, and concentration of energy market positions.  
  Cleco Power provides fuel for generation and purchases power to meet the power demands of customers. Cleco Power may enter into positions to mitigate the volatility in customer fuel costs, as encouraged by various LPSC orders. These positions would be marked-to-market with the resulting gain or loss recorded on the balance sheet as a component of the accumulated deferred fuel asset or liability and a component of the energy risk management assets or liabilities. When these  

positions close, actual gains or losses would be included in the FAC and reflected in customers  bills as a component of the fuel cost adjustment. There were no open natural gas positions at   September 30, 2016  . In June 2015, the LPSC approved a long-term natural gas hedging pilot program that requires Cleco Power to establish a proposal for a program that will be designed to provide gas price stability for a minimum of five years. This proposal is currently scheduled to be submitted to the LPSC during the second half of 2017. 
  Cleco Power purchases the majority of its FTRs in annual auctions facilitated by MISO during the second quarter of each year and may also purchase additional FTRs in monthly auctions facilitated by MISO. FTRs are derivative instruments which represent economic hedges of future congestion charges that will be incurred in serving Cleco Power s customer load. FTRs are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Cleco Power initially records FTRs at their estimated fair value and subsequently adjusts the carrying value to their estimated fair value at the end of each accounting period based on the most recent MISO FTR auction prices. Unrealized gains or losses on FTRs held by Cleco Power are included in Accumulated deferred fuel on Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Realized gains or losses on settled FTRs are recorded in Fuel used for electric generation on Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco and Cleco Power s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets reflected open FTR positions of   $10.0 million   in Energy risk management assets and   $0.4 million   in Energy risk management liabilities. For more information on FTRs, see Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 5   Fair Value Accounting   Commodity Contracts.  
               Cleco Power 

Please refer to    Risk Overview  for a discussion of market risk inherent in Cleco Power s market risk-sensitive instruments. 
  Cleco Power may enter into various fixed- and variable-rate debt obligations. Please refer to    Interest Rate Risks  for a discussion of how Cleco Power monitors its mix of fixed- and variable-rate debt obligations and the manner of calculating changes in fair market value and interest expense of its debt obligations.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had   no   short-term variable-rate debt or long-term variable-rate debt.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , Cleco Power had   no   borrowings outstanding under its   $300.0 million   credit facility. The borrowing costs under the Cleco Power credit facility are equal to LIBOR plus 1.125% or ABR plus 0.125%, plus commitment fees of 0.125%.  
  Please refer to    Commodity Price Risks  for a discussion of controls, transactions, VaR, and market value maturities associated with Cleco Power s energy commodity activities. 

64 

ITEM 4.           CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of Cleco Holdings and Cleco Power (individually,  Registrant  and collectively, the  Registrants ) management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO). The evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the Registrants  disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the evaluations, the CEO and CFO have concluded that the Registrants  disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each Registrant in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and  

reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and that the Registrants  disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Registrants  management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have been no changes in the Registrants  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrants  internal control over financial reporting. 

65 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.           LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    

CLECO HOLDINGS 

For information on legal proceedings affecting Cleco Holdings, see Part I, Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 12   Litigation, Other Commitments and Contingencies, and Disclosures about Guarantees   Litigation.  

CLECO POWER 

For information on legal proceedings affecting Cleco Power, see Part I, Item 1,  Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 12   Litigation, Other Commitments and Contingencies, and Disclosures about Guarantees   Litigation.  

ITEM 1A.          RISK FACTORS 

Other than the risk factors updated in the Registrants  Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (the  March 31, 2016, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ), there have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in the Registrants  Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,   2015   (the    2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K ). For risks that could affect actual results  

and cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, the Registrants, see the risk factors disclosed under Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of the   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K, and see the risk factors disclosed under Part II, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  of the March 31, 2016, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 4.             MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

The information concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010  

and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this Combined Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

66 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CLECO CORPORATE HOLDINGS LLC 
        
    (Registrant) 

By: 
    /s/ F. Tonita Laprarie                                          

F. Tonita Laprarie 

Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

Date:   November 2, 2016    

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CLECO POWER LLC 
        
    (Registrant) 

By: 
    /s/ F. Tonita Laprarie                                          

F. Tonita Laprarie 

Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

Date:   November 2, 2016    

67 

<EX-12.A>
 2
 cnl-93016xq3ex12a.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.A

Exhibit 

CLECO HOLDINGS 
    EXHIBIT 12(a) 

</EX-12.A>

<EX-12.B>
 3
 cnl-93016xq3ex12b.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.B

Exhibit 

CLECO POWER 
    EXHIBIT 12(b) 

</EX-12.B>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 cnl-93016xq3ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

CLECO CORPORATE HOLDINGS LLC 
    EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Darren J. Olagues, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
    
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Darren J. Olagues 
      
      Darren J. Olagues 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 cnl-93016xq3ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

CLECO CORPORATE HOLDINGS LLC 
    EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Terry L. Taylor, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
    
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/  Terry L. Taylor 
      
      Terry L. Taylor 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 6
 cnl-93016xq3ex313.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3

Exhibit 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Darren J. Olagues, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cleco Power LLC; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
    
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and  
    
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Darren J. Olagues 
      
      Darren J. Olagues 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 7
 cnl-93016xq3ex314.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.4

Exhibit 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
  OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Terry L. Taylor, certify that: 
    
  1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Cleco Power LLC; 
    
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
    
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
    
  4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and  
    
  b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/  Terry L. Taylor 
      
      Terry L. Taylor 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 cnl-93016xq3ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

CLECO CORPORATE HOLDINGS LLC 
    EXHIBIT 32.1 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Darren J. Olagues, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/  Darren J. Olagues 
      
      Darren J. Olagues 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 cnl-93016xq3ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

CLECO CORPORATE HOLDINGS LLC 
    EXHIBIT 32.2 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cleco Corporate Holdings LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Terry L. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/  Terry L. Taylor 
      
      Terry L. Taylor 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 10
 cnl-93016xq3ex323.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.3

Exhibit 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cleco Power LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Darren J. Olagues, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/  Darren J. Olagues 
      
      Darren J. Olagues 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-32.4>
 11
 cnl-93016xq3ex324.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.4

Exhibit 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cleco Power LLC (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Terry L. Taylor, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
    
  (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/  Terry L. Taylor 
      
      Terry L. Taylor 
  Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.4>

<EX-95>
 12
 cnl-93016xq3ex95.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

Exhibit 

CLECO CORPORATE HOLDINGS LLC 
      
      CLECO POWER 
    EXHIBIT 95 

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Cleco Power does not have control over the day-to-day operations, including safety, of either the Dolet Hills Mine or the Oxbow Mine. Pursuant to a mining joint operating agreement governing the mines, Cleco Power and SWEPCO each have two representatives on a four member executive committee. The main purpose of the executive committee is to enhance communication among the mine operator, Cleco Power, and SWEPCO. The executive committee s duties include: reviewing the status of the mine; providing policy recommendations concerning basic planning, land acquisition, geological and engineering activities; recommending economic limits and personnel requirements; reviewing mining and lignite delivery issues; and reviewing the financial information and operational records of DHLC.  
  Under Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Act, public reporting companies that meet the definition of an  operator  of a mine under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act) as administered by the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) are required to report notices of violations and proposed assessments of violations of MSHA regulations promulgated in support of the Mine Act. The MSHA defines an operator as any owner, lessee, or other person who operates, controls, or supervises a coal or other mine or any independent contractor performing services or construction at such mine. Cleco Power might meet the definition of an  operator  under the MSHA through its two representatives on the executive committee. Therefore, Cleco Power has chosen to include the disclosures required by Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Act. During the third quarter of 2016, DHLC was issued six citations with three being non significant and substantial citations, while three additional citations were classified as significant and substantial. DHLC was assessed for the significant and substantial citations. The total of all penalties was immaterial. The MSHA definition of control is not the same as the definition of control pursuant to accounting pronouncements relating to consolidation and equity method investments. Management has determined that its relationship with DHLC does not meet the definition of control under authoritative guidance; therefore, Cleco Power has not included any financial information about DHLC in its periodic reports. 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 cnl-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 cnl-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 cnl-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 cnl-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 cnl-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 cnl-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

