<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-Q_edgar_data_1409175_0001062993-16-012721_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>910487</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>46208</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>68025</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>140810</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>423304</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>201216</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>10</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012721.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161215125407
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012721
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Contact Minerals Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				392060052
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52879
		FILM NUMBER:		162053136

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 706 - 595 HORNBY STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 2E8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		604-629-1007

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		SUITE 706 - 595 HORNBY STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 2E8

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012721.txt : 20161215

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Contact Minerals Corp. - Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549
 
   FORM 10-Q    
 (Mark One)  
  [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the quarterly period ended   October 31, 2016   
  [   ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER  000-52879 
  
    CONTACT MINERALS CORP.    
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

NEVADA    
     39-2060052    

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
      organization)  
     (I.R.S Employer Identification
      No.)  

595 Hornby Street, Suite 706   

Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada    
     V6C 2E8    

(Address of principal executive offices)  
   (Zip Code)  
    
   (604) 629-1007    (Registrant's telephone
number, including area code)  
   N/A      (Former name, former address and
former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] 
Yes         [   ] No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). [X]  Yes         [ 
 ] No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer [   ]  
     Accelerated
      filer                      [ 
       ]   
   
     Non-accelerated filer   [   ] (Do not
      check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company
       [X]    
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [X] 
Yes         [   ] No  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
   As of December 15, 2016, the Registrant had 16,530,000 shares of
common       stock outstanding   .  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  ITEM
1.               FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS.   
 The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of
Regulation S-X, and, therefore, do not include all information and footnotes
necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of
operations, cash flows, and stockholders' equity in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
considered necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations and
financial position have been included and all such adjustments are of a normal
recurring nature. Operating results for the three-month period ended October 31,
2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that can be expected for the
year ending July 31, 2017.  

Contact Minerals Corp.  
 (Unaudited)  
 October 31, 2016  

Index  

Balance
      Sheets   
      F 1   

Statements
      of Operations and Comprehensive Loss   
      F 2   

Statements
      of Cash Flows   
      F 3   

Notes
      to the Financial Statements   
      F 4   

Contact Minerals Corp.  
  Balance Sheets  
  (Expressed in
  U.S. dollars)  

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
  statements)  
 F-1  

Contact Minerals Corp.  
  Statements of Operations and
  Comprehensive Loss  
  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  
  (Unaudited)  

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
  statements)  
 F-2  

Contact Minerals Corp.  
  Statements of Cash Flows  
  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  
  (Unaudited)  

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial
  statements)  
 F-3  

Contact Minerals Corp.  
  Notes to the Financial Statements  
  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  
  October 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

1.  
      Nature of Operations and Going Concern  

Contact Minerals Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated
      in the State of Nevada on April 25, 2007. The Company s principal business
      is the acquisition and exploration of mineral properties. The Company does
      not currently own any mineral properties.  

These financial statements have been prepared on a going
      concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize its
      assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The
      Company has never generated revenue and has never paid any dividends and
      is unlikely to pay dividends or generate earnings in the immediate or
      foreseeable future. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is
      dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders, the
      ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity financing to continue
      operations and to determine the existence, discovery and successful
      exploitation of economically recoverable reserves in the prospective
      properties, the confirmation of the Company s interests in the underlying
      properties, and the attainment of profitable operations. As at October 31,
      2016, the Company has a working capital deficiency of $242,698 and has
      accumulated losses of $956,238 since inception. These factors raise
      substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going
      concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the
      recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and
      classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
      be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company plans to continue to
      review and assess new mineral exploration or development projects for
      acquisition. The Company intends to fund these activities through debt and
      equity financing arrangements. There is no assurance that the Company will
      obtain the necessary financing to complete its objectives.  

2.  
      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

The unaudited interim financial statements have been
      prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
      for interim financial information and with the instructions for Securities
      and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) Form 10-Q and they do not include all of
      the information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting
      principles for complete financial statements. Therefore, these financial
      statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited annual
      financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended July 31, 2016,
      included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 24,
      2016, with the SEC.  

In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting
      of normal and recurring accruals) considered necessary for fair
      presentation of the Company s financial position, results of operations
      and cash flows have been included. Operating results for the three months
      ended October 31, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that
      may be expected for future quarters or the year ending July 31,
      2017.  

3.  
      Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements  

The Company has implemented all new accounting
      pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial
      statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting
      pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on
      its financial position or results of operations.  

4.  
      Related Party Transactions and Balances  

a)  
      As at October 31, 2016, the Company is indebted to a
      relative of the President of the Company for $74 (CDN$100) (July 31, 2016
      - $76 (CDN$100)) for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company. The
      amount is included in accounts payable and is non-interest bearing,
      unsecured, and due on demand.  

b)  
      As at October 31, 2016, the Company is indebted to the
      President of the Company for $245,353 (July 31, 2016 - $234,901) for
      advances and expenses incurred on behalf of the Company. The amount is
      included in due to related parties and is non-interest bearing, unsecured,
      and due on demand.  

c)  
      During the three months ended October 31, 2016, the
      Company recognized a total of $3,000 (2015 - $3,000) for donated services
      at $1,000 per month and $1,500 (2015 - $1,500) for donated rent at $500
      per month provided by the President of the Company, which have been
      included in the statements of operations and comprehensive
      loss.  

F-4  

Contact Minerals Corp.  
  Notes to the Financial Statements  
  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  
  October 31, 2016  
  (Unaudited)  

5.  
      Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

ASC 825,  Financial Instruments , requires an entity
      to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
      unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 825 establishes a fair
      value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence
      surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial
      instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon
      the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement. ASC 825 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be
      used to measure fair value:  

Level 1  

Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
      liabilities.  

Level 2  

Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or
      liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
      active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
      markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active
      markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are
      observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by,
      observable market data.  

Level 3  

Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant
      to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or
      liabilities.  

The financial instruments consist principally of cash,
      accounts payable, and due to related parties. The fair value of cash when
      applicable is determined based on  Level 1  inputs, which consist of
      quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The Company believes
      that the recorded values of all other financial instruments approximate
      their current fair values because of their nature and respective
      relatively short maturity dates or durations.  

Assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis were
      presented on the Company s balance sheet as of October 31, 2016 and July
      31, 2016, as follows:  

The Company does not have any
  liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis presented on the
  Company s balance sheet as of October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016.  
 Financial instruments that potentially
  subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash.
  The Company limits its exposure to credit loss by placing its cash with high
  credit quality financial institutions.  
 F-5  

ITEM 2.    
     
        MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION   AND   ANALYSIS 
       OF   FINANCIAL   CONDITION   AND   RESULTS OF
      OPERATIONS.      

  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q constitute "forward-looking statements." These statements, identified by
words such as  plan,  "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "should," "expect"
and similar expressions include our expectations and objectives regarding our
future financial position, operating results and business strategy. These
statements reflect the current views of management with respect to future events
and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be
materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements.
Such risks and uncertainties include those set forth under the caption  Part II
  Item 1A. Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. We do not
intend to update the forward-looking information to reflect actual results or
changes in the factors affecting such forward-looking information. We advise you
to carefully review the reports and documents, particularly our Annual Reports,
our Quarterly Reports and our Current Reports we file from time to time with the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Copies of all of
our filings with the SEC may be accessed by visiting the SEC site
(http://www.sec.gov) and performing a search of our electronic filings.  
 As used in this Quarterly Report, the terms "we,  "us,  "our, 
and  Contact  mean Contact Minerals Corp. unless otherwise indicated. All dollar
amounts in this Quarterly Report are in U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated.
 
  OVERVIEW   
 We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on
April 25, 2007. 
 We currently have no business operations or significant assets.
We plan to identify and acquire an interest in a mineral property. The
acquisition of a mineral property will be dependent upon our possessing
sufficient capital resources at the time to purchase such mineral property. We
have not entered into any discussions, understandings, arrangements or other
agreements, preliminary or otherwise, for acquiring any mineral property and/or
funding arrangements for the purpose of acquiring a mineral property. 
  
  PLAN OF OPERATION   
 Our plan of operation for the next twelve months is to identify
and acquire an interest in a mineral property on which we will carry out
exploration activities. We are unable to provide an estimate of our exact
financial needs for the next twelve months. However, as at October 31, 2016, we
had cash on hand of $2,629 and a working capital deficit of $242,698. As such,
we will require additional financing in the near future in order to meet our
current obligations and to continue our operations. In addition, in the event
that we are successful in identifying a mineral property, of which there is no
assurance, we anticipate that we will need to obtain financing in order to
pursue an exploration program. 
 3 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 
  Revenues   
 We have not earned any revenues since inception. We do not
anticipate earning revenues until such time as we enter into commercial
production of a mineral property. We are presently in the stage of reviewing
potential properties for acquisition and we can provide no assurance that we
will acquire an interest in a mineral property, discover proven reserves on such
mineral property, or if such deposits are discovered, that we will enter into
further exploration programs.  
  Operating Costs and Expenses   
 Our operating expenses for the three months ended October 31,
2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:  
 
 The decrease in our operating expenses during the three months
ended October 31, 2016 is primarily a result of an increased foreign currency
gain. The decrease was partially offset by increase in professional
services. 
 Professional services primarily consist of legal and accounting
fees in connection with meeting our ongoing reporting obligations under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ). 
 We do not currently pay any management fees to our sole
executive officer and director or any rent for use of our office. However, we
recognize $1,000 per month for donated management fees and $500 per month for
donated rent provided by our sole executive officer and director. 
 We anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly if
we are able to identify and acquire an interest in a mineral property and pursue
an exploration program on a mineral property. However, there are no assurances
that we will be able to identify and acquire an interest in a mineral property.
 
 4 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

We had cash on hand of $2,629 and a working capital deficit of
$242,698 as at October 31, 2016 compared to cash on hand of $534 and a working
capital deficit of $232,620 as at July 31, 2016. Our working capital deficit
increased as a result of increases of accrued liabilities.  
  Financing Requirements   
 Our ability to identify and acquire a mineral property is
dependent upon our ability to obtain additional financing in the near term. We
anticipate that such funding will be in the form of equity financing from sales
of our common stock. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to
raise sufficient funding from the sale of our common stock to fund our business
plan should we decide to proceed. We believe that debt financing will not be an
alternative for funding the acquisition of a mineral property or the exploration
of a mineral property. The risky nature of this enterprise and lack of tangible
assets places debt financing beyond the credit-worthiness required by most banks
or typical investors of corporate debt until such time as an economically viable
mine can be demonstrated.  
 We anticipate continuing to rely on equity sales of our common
shares and advances from our sole executive officer and director in order to
continue to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will
result in dilution to our existing shareholders. There is no assurance that we
will achieve any additional sales of our equity securities or arrange for debt
or other financing to fund our business operations.  
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is
material to our stockholders.  
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 The financial statements presented with this Quarterly Report
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America for interim financial information. These
financial statements do not include all information and footnote disclosures
required for an annual set of financial statements prepared under United States
generally accepted accounting principles. In the opinion of our management, all
adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring accruals) considered
necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, results of
operations and cash flows as at October 31, 2016, and for all periods presented
in the attached financial statements, have been included. Interim results for
the three months ended October 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for the fiscal year as a whole.  
 5 

We have identified certain accounting policies, described
below, that are most important to the portrayal of our current financial
condition and results of operations. Our significant accounting policies are
disclosed in the notes to the interim financial statements included with this
Quarterly Report. 
  Mineral Property Costs   
 We are primarily engaged in the acquisition, exploration and
development of mineral properties. Mineral property acquisition costs are
initially capitalized in accordance with ASC 360,  Property, Plant and
Equipment , when management has determined that probable future benefits
consisting of a contribution to future cash inflows have been identified and
adequate financial resources are available or are expected to be available as
required to meet the terms of property acquisition and budgeted exploration and
development expenditures. Mineral property acquisition costs are expensed as
incurred if the criteria for capitalization are not met. In the event that a
mineral property is acquired through the issuance of our shares, the mineral
property will be recorded at the fair value of the respective property or the
fair value of common shares, whichever is more readily determinable.  
 When mineral properties are acquired under option agreements
with future acquisition payments to be made at our sole discretion, those future
payments, whether in cash or shares, are recorded only when we have made or are
obliged to make the payment or issue the shares. When it has been determined
that a mineral property can be economically developed as a result of
establishing proven and probable reserves and pre feasibility, the costs
incurred to develop such property are capitalized.  
  Donated Capital   
 We reflect donated capital, such as outright gifts to us by way
of donated management services provided, in the Statement of Operations. Donated
management services are recognized if the services received (a) create or
enhance non-financial assets, or (b) require specialized skills, are provided by
individuals possessing these skills, and would typically need to be purchased if
not provided by donation.  
  ITEM
3.              
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   
 Not Applicable.  
  ITEM
4.              
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 We carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) as of October 31, 2016 (the  Evaluation Date ). This evaluation
was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the Evaluation Date
as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial
reporting disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July
31, 2016 (the  2016 Annual Report ). 
 Notwithstanding the assessment that our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective and that there were material weaknesses as
identified in our 2016 Annual Report, we believe that our financial statements
contained in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31,
2016 fairly present our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows in all material respects.  
 6 

Changes in Internal Controls  
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2016 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 
  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   
  ITEM
1.               LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS.   
 We are not a party to any other legal proceedings and, to our
knowledge; no other legal proceedings are pending, threatened or
contemplated.    
  ITEM
1A.            RISK
FACTORS.   
 The following are some of the important factors that could
affect our financial performance or could cause actual results to differ
materially from estimates contained in our forward-looking statements. We may
encounter risks in addition to those described below. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be
immaterial, may also impair or adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operation.  
  If we do not obtain additional financing, our business will
fail   
 As of October 31, 2016, we had $2,629 of cash on hand. We plan
to identify and acquire an interest in a mineral property. Our ability to
acquire a mineral property will be dependent upon obtaining additional
financing. Obtaining additional financing would be subject to a number of
factors, including the market prices for the mineral property and gold, silver,
copper and iron. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions
of additional financing unavailable to us. There are no assurances that we will
be able to obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us. 
  Because of the speculative nature of exploration of mining
properties, there is substantial risk that our business will fail.   
 We were incorporated on April 25, 2007 and, to date, have been
involved primarily in organizational activities and the acquisition of a mineral
property, which has since lapsed. We have not earned any revenues as of the date
of this report. The likelihood of success must be considered in light of the
problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in
connection with acquiring a mineral property and the exploration of an acquired
the mineral property. These potential problems include, but are not limited to,
unanticipated problems relating to exploration, and additional costs and
expenses that may exceed current estimates. Assuming that we are able to acquire
a mineral property, prior to completion of our exploration stage, we anticipate
that we will incur increased operating expenses without realizing any revenues.
We expect to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize
that if we are unable to generate significant revenues from development and
production of minerals from a claim, we will not be able to earn profits or
continue operations. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to
the likelihood that we will prove successful, and it is doubtful that we will
generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable operations. If we are
unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail.  
  Even if we discover proven reserves of precious metals on a
mineral property, we may not be able to successfully commence commercial
production.   
 Assuming that we are able to acquire a mineral property, if an
exploration program is successful in discovering proven reserves on a mineral
property, we will require additional funds in order to place a mineral property
into commercial production. The expenditures to be made by us in the exploration
of a mineral property in all probability will be lost as it is an extremely
remote possibility that the mineral claim will contain proven reserves. The
funds required for commercial mineral production can range from several million
to hundreds of millions. We currently do not have sufficient funds
to place a mineral property into commercial production. Obtaining additional
financing would be subject to a number of factors, including the market prices
for gold, silver, copper and iron, and the costs of exploring for or mining
these materials. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms or conditions
of additional financing unavailable to us. Because we will need additional
financing to fund our exploration activities, there is substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. At this time, there is a risk that
we will not be able to obtain such financing as and when needed.  
 7 

Because we anticipate that our operating expenses will
increase prior to our earning revenues, we may never achieve profitability.
  
 Assuming that we are able to acquire a mineral property, prior
to completion of an exploration stage, we anticipate that we will incur
increased operating expenses without realizing any revenues. We therefore expect
to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if we
are unable to generate revenues from the exploration of a mineral property, we
will not be able to earn profits or continue operations. There is no history
upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will prove
successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate
any revenues or ever achieve profitability. If we are unsuccessful in addressing
these risks, our business will most likely fail.  
  Because of the inherent dangers involved in mineral
exploration, there is a risk that we may incur liability or damages as we
conduct our business.   
 The search for valuable minerals involves numerous hazards and
risks normally incident to exploring for and developing mineral properties. As a
result, we may become subject to liability for such hazards, including
pollution, cave-ins, unusual or unexpected geological formations, environmental
pollution, personal injuries, flooding, changes in technology or mining
techniques, periodic interruptions, industrial accidents, and other hazards
against which we cannot insure or against which we may elect not to insure. At
the present time we have no coverage to insure against these hazards and have no
plans to insure against these hazards. The payment of such liabilities may have
a material adverse effect on our financial position.  
  If we receive positive results from an exploration program
and we decide to pursue commercial production, we may be subject to an
environmental review process that may delay or prohibit commercial production.
  
 Assuming that we are able to acquire a mineral property, if we
enter a production phase, the cost of complying with permit and regulatory
environment laws will be greater because the impact on the project area is
greater. Permits and regulations will control all aspects of the production
program if the project continues to that stage. Examples of regulatory
requirements include:  

(i)  
     
       Water discharge will have to meet drinking water
      standards;   

(ii)  
     
       Dust generation will have to be minimal or otherwise
      re-mediated;   

(iii)  
     
       Dumping of material on the surface will have to be
      re-contoured and re-vegetated with natural vegetation;   

(iv)  
     
       An assessment of all material to be left on the surface
      will need to be environmentally benign;   

(v)  
     
       Ground water will have to be monitored for any potential
      contaminants;   

(vi)  
     
       The socio-economic impact of the project will have to be
      evaluated and if deemed negative, will have to be remediated;
and   

(vii)  
     
       There will have to be an impact report of the work on the
      local fauna and flora including a study of potentially endangered
      species.    
 There is the possibility that we would not be able to proceed
with commercial production upon completion of the environmental review process
if government authorities did not approve our mine or if the costs of compliance
with government regulation adversely affected the commercial viability of the
proposed mine.  
 8 

Because our sole executive officer does not have formal
training specific to the technicalities of mineral exploration, there is a
higher risk that our business will fail.   
 Kerry J. McCullagh, our sole executive officer and director,
does not have any formal training as a geologist or in the technical aspects of
management of a mineral exploration company. With no direct training in these
areas, our management may not be fully aware of the specific technical
requirements related to working within this industry. Although Mr. McCullagh has
some extensive business experience with exploration companies, his decisions and
choices may not take into account standard exploration or managerial approaches
mineral exploration companies commonly use. Consequently, our operations and
ultimate financial success could suffer irreparable harm due to management s
lack of technical know-how in this industry.  
  We are highly dependent on our senior management. The loss
of our sole executive officer could hinder our ability to pursue our stated plan
of operation and obtain debt or equity financing, if and when required.   
 We believe that our continued success depends to a significant
extent upon the efforts and abilities of our senior management and in particular
Kerry J. McCullagh, our sole executive officer and director. Mr. McCullagh has
worked in the mining exploration industry for over 20 years. We believe that the
loss of Mr. McCullagh's business and management experience could hinder our
ability to pursue our stated plan of operation and obtain debt or equity
financing, if and when required.  
  Because our sole executive officer has only agreed to
provide his services on a part-time basis, he may not be able or willing to
devote a sufficient amount of time to our business operations, which may cause
our business to fail.   
 Kerry J. McCullagh, our sole executive officer and director, is
also a principal of Polar Capital Corp., now a private British Columbia
consulting company providing management and administrative services to mining
exploration companies. Because we are in the early stages of our business, Mr.
McCullagh devotes approximately 10 hours per week to our affairs. If the demands
of our business require the full business time of Mr. McCullagh, he is prepared
to adjust his timetable to devote up to 20 hours a week. However, Mr. McCullagh
may not be able to devote sufficient time to the management of our business, as
and when needed. It is possible that the demands of Mr. McCullagh's other
business interests will increase with the result that he would no longer be able
to devote sufficient time to the management of our business. Competing demands
on Mr. McCullagh's time may lead to a divergence between his interests and the
interests of other shareholders.  
  Because our stock is a penny stock, shareholders will be
more limited in their ability to sell their stock.   
 The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq
system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to
transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system.
 
 Because our securities constitute  penny stocks  within the
meaning of the rules, the rules apply to us and to our securities. The rules may
further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any
market that might develop for them. As long as the trading price of our common
stock is less than $5.00 per share, the common stock will be subject to rule
15g-9 under the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk
disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that:  

1.  
     
       contains a description of the nature and level of risk in
      the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary
      trading;    
 9 

2.  
     
       contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties
      to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer
      with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of
      securities laws;   

3.  
     
       contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a
      dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the
      significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;   

4.  
     
       contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on
      disciplinary actions;   

5.  
     
       defines significant terms in the disclosure document or
      in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and   

6.  
     
       contains such other information and is in such form,
      including language, type, size and format, as the SEC shall require by
      rule or regulation.    
 The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any
transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its
salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which such bid and
ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and
liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. In
addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a
special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for
the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt
of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving
penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement. These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in
the secondary market for our stock.  
  ITEM
2.               UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   
 None.  
  ITEM
3.               DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   
 None.  
  ITEM
4.              
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.   
 None. 
  ITEM
5.               OTHER
INFORMATION.   
 None. 
  ITEM
6.               EXHIBITS.
  
 The following exhibits are either provided with this Quarterly
Report or are incorporated herein by reference:  
 
 10 

Exhibit   

Number    
       Description of
      Exhibit     

3.3  
     Bylaws. (1)    

4.1  
     Form of
      Convertible Note. (4)    

10.1  
     
       Property Option Agreement dated June 30, 2007 between
      William McCullagh and Contact Minerals Corp. (1)     

10.2  
     
       Amendment to Property Option Agreement between William
      McCullagh and Contact Minerals Corp. (2)     

31.1   
     
        Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
      Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
  2002.     

32.1   
     
        Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
      Financial Officer pursuant to pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
  adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.      

99.1  
     Audit Committee
      Charter. (2)    

101.INS   
      XBRL Instance
      Document.   

101.SCH   
      XBRL Taxonomy
      Extension Schema.    

101.CAL   
      XBRL Taxonomy
      Extension Calculation Linkbase.    

101.DEF   
      XBRL Taxonomy
      Extension Definition Linkbase.    

101.LAB   
      XBRL Taxonomy
      Extension Label Linkbase.    

101.PRE   
      XBRL Taxonomy
      Extension Presentation Linkbase.     

11 

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

CONTACT MINERALS CORP.    

Date:  
     December 15, 2016  
       
     By:  
      /s/ Kerry J. McCullagh   

KERRY J. MCCULLAGH   

Chief Executive Officer, Chief
      Financial Officer  

President, Secretary and
      Treasurer  

(Principal Executive Officer,
      Principal Financial Officer  

and Principal Accounting Officer)     

12 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Contact Minerals Corp. - Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, Kerry J. McCullagh, certify that;  

(1)  
     
       I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
      Contact Minerals Corp.;   

(2)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
      which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
      covered by this report;   

(3)  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

(4)  
     
       I am responsible for establishing and maintaining
      disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
      13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
      and have:     

a)  
     
       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      this report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

(5)  
     
       I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of
      the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
      auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
      (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):     

a)  
     
       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.     

Date:  
     December 15, 2016  

/s/ Kerry J. McCullagh   

By:  
     KERRY J. MCCULLAGH  

Title:  
     Chief Executive Officer and  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Contact Minerals Corp. - Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

CERTIFICATION OF   CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER    PURSUANT TO    18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO    SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   
   
 I, Kerry J. McCullagh, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of Contact Minerals Corp. (the  Company ), hereby certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(i)  
     
       the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company, for the
      fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2016, and to which this certification is
      attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the  Report ) fully complies with the
      requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
      1934, as amended; and   

(ii)  
     
       the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company.    

By:  
      /s/
      Kerry J. McCullagh    

Name:  
     KERRY J. MCCULLAGH   

Title:  
     Chief Executive Officer and   

Chief Financial Officer   

Date:  
     December 15, 2016   

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.   
  This certification accompanies the Form 10-Q to which it
relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is
not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the
Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made
before or after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general
incorporation language contained in such filing.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 cntm-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 cntm-20161031.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 cntm-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 cntm-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 cntm-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 cntm-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

