<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1594590_0001594590-16-000270_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7364910</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182298</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>445984</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2251149</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3077572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1282586</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001594590-16-000270.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109101827
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001594590-16-000270
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PARAGON OFFSHORE PLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001594590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				981146017
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36465
		FILM NUMBER:		161983043

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3151 BRIARPARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 20 3300 2300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3151 BRIARPARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PARAGON OFFSHORE LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NOBLE SPINCO LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001594590-16-000270.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 a2016q310-q9302016.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ________________________________________________________   
    
  FORM 10-Q 
  ________________________________________________________   

For the quarterly period ended:   September 30, 2016 

For the transition period from                          to                           
    
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 001-36465  
  ________________________________________________________   
  Paragon Offshore plc 
  ________________________________________________________   

3151 Briarpark Drive Suite 700, Houston, Texas 77042 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code:     + 1 832 783 4000  
  ______________________________________________________   
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     
  Yes     x      No         
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     
  Yes     x      No         
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer     x 
      Non-accelerated filer      

Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).      Yes           No    x    
    
  Number of shares outstanding and trading at   October 31, 2016  :   87,894,997     

Table of Contents  

PARAGON OFFSHORE plc 
  FORM 10-Q 
  For the Quarter Ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
        
     GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS  
    3 
       PART I  
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    5 
       Item 1  
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    5 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    7 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Deficit) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    8 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    9 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    10 
       Item 2  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    32 
       Item 3  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    48 
       Item 4  
     Controls and Procedures  
    49 

PART II  
     OTHER INFORMATION  
      
       Item 1  
     Legal Proceedings  
    50 
       Item 1A  
     Risk Factors  
    50 
        
     SIGNATURES  
    52 
        
     Index to Exhibits  
    53 

2 

Table of Contents  

GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
           Adjusted EBITDA 
    Net income (loss) before taxes plus interest expense, depreciation and amortization, losses on impairments, foreign currency losses and reorganization items, less gains on the sale of assets, interest income and foreign currency gains. 
              AOCL 
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
              ASC 
    Accounting Standards Codification 
              ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
              Bankruptcy Code  
    United States Bankruptcy Code  
              Bankruptcy Court  
    United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware  
              Debt Facilities 
    Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes, collectively 
              Debtors 
    Paragon Offshore plc and the following subsidiaries: Paragon Offshore Finance Company, Paragon International Finance Company, Paragon Offshore Holdings US Inc., Paragon Offshore Drilling LLC, Paragon FDR Holdings Ltd., Paragon Duchess Ltd., Paragon Offshore (Luxembourg) S.  r.l., PGN Offshore Drilling (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd., Paragon Offshore (Labuan) Pte. Ltd., Paragon Holding SCS 2 Ltd., Paragon Asset Company Ltd., Paragon Holding SCS 1 Ltd., Paragon Offshore Leasing (Luxembourg) S.  r.l., Paragon Drilling Services 7 LLC, Paragon Offshore Leasing (Switzerland) GmbH, Paragon Offshore do Brasil Ltda., Paragon Asset (ME) Ltd., Paragon Asset (UK) Ltd., Paragon Offshore International Ltd., Paragon Offshore (North Sea) Ltd., Paragon (Middle East) Limited, Paragon Holding NCS 2 S.  r.l., Paragon Leonard Jones LLC, Paragon Offshore (Nederland) B.V., and Paragon Offshore Contracting GmbH 
              Distribution 
    The August 1, 2014 pro rata distribution by Noble to its shareholders of all our issued and outstanding ordinary shares.  Noble shareholders received one ordinary share of Paragon for every three shares of Noble owned.     
              Exchange Act 
    United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
              FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
              LIBOR 
    London Interbank Offered Rate 
              Noble 
    Noble Corporation plc 
              OPEC 
    Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries 
              Pemex 
    Petr leos Mexicanos  
              Petrobras 
    Petr leo Brasileiro S.A.  
              Prospector 
    Prospector Offshore Drilling S. .r.l 
              Revolving Credit Agreement 
    The Company s senior secured revolving credit agreement entered into with a group of lenders on June 17, 2014  
              Revolving Credit Facility 
    Commitments in the amount of $800 million provided by a group of lenders under the Revolving Credit Agreement 
              ROCE 
    Return on capital employed 
     
   3 

     Table of Contents  

Sale-Leaseback Transaction 
    Sale-leaseback agreement with subsidiaries of SinoEnergy Capital Management Ltd. for two high specification jackup units,   Prospector 1   and   Prospector 5   entered into on July 24, 2015 
              SEC 
    United States Securities and Exchange Commission 
               Spin-Off 
    The Company s separation from Noble on August 1, 2014 
              Tax Sharing Agreement 
    Agreement entered into with Noble at Spin-Off which governs the parties  respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings and certain other matters regarding taxes following the Distribution 
              Term Loan Agreement 
    The Company s senior secured term loan agreement entered into June 18, 2014 
              Term Loan Facility 
    The Company s $650 million term loan debt entered into under the Term Loan Agreement 
              Total S.A. 
    Total E P U.K. Limited and Elf Exploration U.K. Limited 
              U.K. 
    United Kingdom 
              U.S. GAAP 
    Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 

4 

Table of Contents  

PART I. 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
           ITEM 1. 
    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
      
  PARAGON OFFSHORE plc 
  (DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION) 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

PARAGON OFFSHORE plc 
  (DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION) 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

PARAGON OFFSHORE plc 
  (DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION) 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (  Unaudited) 
  (In thousands  ) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

PARAGON OFFSHORE plc 
  (DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION) 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

PARAGON OFFSHORE plc 
  (DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION) 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   9 

Table of Contents  

PARAGON OFFSHORE plc 
  (DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION) 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1 ORGANIZATION, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND CURRENT EVENTS 
  Paragon Offshore plc (together with its subsidiaries,  Paragon,  the  Company,   we,   us  or  our ) is a global provider of offshore drilling rigs.  Our operated fleet includes   34   jackups (including   two   high specification heavy duty/harsh environment jackups),   four   drillships and   two   semisubmersibles.  Our primary business is contracting our rigs, related equipment and work crews to conduct oil and gas drilling and workover operations for our exploration and production customers on a dayrate basis around the world. 
  We operate in significant hydrocarbon-producing geographies throughout the world, including the North Sea, the Middle East, India, Brazil, Mexico, West Africa and Southeast Asia. As of   September 30, 2016  , our contract backlog was   $365 million   and included contracts with leading national, international and independent oil and gas companies. 
  We are a public limited company registered under the Companies Act 2006 of England.  In July 2014, Noble Corporation plc ( Noble ) transferred to us the assets and liabilities (the  Separation ) constituting most of Noble s standard specification drilling units and related assets, liabilities and business (our  Predecessor ).  On August 1, 2014, Noble made a pro rata distribution to its shareholders of all of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (the  Distribution  and, collectively with the Separation, the  Spin-Off ). 
  Basis of Presentation 
  All financial information presented in this Form 10-Q represents the consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows of Paragon.  At the Spin-Off, Noble contributed its entire net parent investment in our Predecessor.  Concurrent with the Spin-Off and in accordance with the terms of our Separation from Noble, certain assets and liabilities were transferred between us and Noble, which have been recorded as part of the net capital contributed by Noble.   During the first quarter of 2015, we recorded an out-of-period adjustment to the opening balance sheet of our Predecessor of approximately   $9 million   to reflect transfers of fixed assets resulting from the Spin-Off between us and our former parent, as well as revisions in estimates of liabilities associated with the Spin-Off.  This adjustment did not affect our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
  On November 17, 2014, we initiated the acquisition of the outstanding shares of Prospector, an offshore drilling company organized in Luxembourg and traded on the Oslo Axess, from certain shareholders and in open market purchases.  On February 23, 2015, we acquired all remaining issued and outstanding shares of Prospector.  We spent approximately   $2 million   in the first quarter of 2015 to purchase the remaining issued and outstanding shares of Prospector and funded the purchase using proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility and cash on hand. 
  Unaudited Interim Information 
  The interim consolidated financial statements of Paragon and its subsidiaries are unaudited.  However, they include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature that, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair statement of the Company s consolidated financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and the results of its operations and cash flows for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Certain information relating to the Company s organization and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted in this Form 10-Q pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding interim financial reporting.   
  The 2015 year-end balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements  This interim report does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP for annual periods and should be read in conjunction with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paragon Offshore plc for the year ended December 31, 2015.  The interim financial results may not be indicative of the results to be expected for the full year.  Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 
  Going Concern 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and contemplate the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.  Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon our development of a plan of reorganization, approval of the plan by the Bankruptcy Court and our creditors, and our ability to successfully implement a plan of reorganization.  This represents a material uncertainty related  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

to events and conditions that raises substantial doubt on our ability to continue as a going concern and, therefore, we may be unable to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business.   
  During the period that we are operating as debtors-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, we may sell or otherwise dispose of or liquidate assets or settle liabilities, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court or as otherwise permitted in the ordinary course of business (and subject to restrictions in our debt agreements), for amounts other than those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Further, any reorganization plan could materially change the amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities reported in the consolidated financial statements.  The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 
  Chapter 11 Filing 
  On February 12, 2016, the Debtors entered into a plan support agreement (the  PSA ) relating to a plan of reorganization (the  Plan ) pursuant to chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code with holders (the  Noteholder Group ) representing an aggregate of   77%   of the outstanding   $457 million   of our   6.75%   senior unsecured notes maturing July 2022 (the  2022 Senior Notes ) and the outstanding   $527 million   of our   7.25%   senior unsecured notes maturing August 2024 (the  2024 Senior Notes ) together with lenders (the  Revolver Group ) representing an aggregate of   96%   of the amounts outstanding (including letters of credit) under our Revolving Credit Agreement.   
  On February 14, 2016, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court (the  Bankruptcy cases ).    
  On April 6, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Company s disclosure statement, which included a revised plan.   
  On August 5, 2016, we reached an agreement in principle with an ad hoc committee of the holders of our Senior Notes ( Noteholders ) and a steering committee of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility ( Revolver Lenders ) for a proposed amendment to the PSA (the  PSA Amendment ), which among other things, provides for an extension of certain milestone dates and contains amendments to the Plan and disclosure statement. 
  Additionally, on August 5, 2016, the Debtors filed an amended and restated plan of reorganization (the  Amended Plan ) and a supplemental disclosure statement (the  Supplemental Disclosure Statement ) with the Bankruptcy Court.  On August 10, 2016, the Company received signatures to the PSA Amendment from   100%   of the Revolver Lenders.  Together with the signatures already received from the Noteholders of approximately   69%   in principal amount of our Senior Notes, the PSA Amendment became effective as of August 5, 2016. 
  On October 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court issued an oral ruling denying confirmation of the Debtors  Amended Plan.  Paragon is currently evaluating its potential courses of action.  As a result of the Bankruptcy Court not confirming the Debtors  Amended Plan on or before October 31, 2016, the Noteholders and the Revolver Lenders each have the right to terminate the PSA upon   three   business days  notice. 
  Debtors-in-Possession 
  Since the filing date, the Debtors have operated their business as  debtors-in-possession.   Under the Bankruptcy cases, the Debtor s trade creditors and vendors are being paid in full in the ordinary course of business and all of the Company s contracts have remained in effect in accordance with their terms preserving the rights of all parties.  Certain subsidiaries of the Company were not party to the chapter 11 filing (the  Non-Filing entities ).  The Non-Filing entities have continued to operate in the ordinary course of business. 
  Settlement with Noble Corporation 
  On February 12, 2016, we entered into a binding term sheet (the  Term Sheet ) with Noble with respect to the  Noble Settlement Agreement  (as described below), which we executed on April 29, 2016.  The Noble Settlement Agreement will become effective upon the effective date of the Debtors  plan of reorganization if such plan is substantially similar to the Debtors  Plan filed with the PSA. In light of the Bankruptcy Court s order on October 28, 2016, we intend to discuss this requirement with Noble if the Debtors elect to pursue a plan of reorganization that will not fulfill this condition to the Noble Settlement Agreement. The Noble Settlement Agreement provides that Noble may only unilaterally terminate the Noble Settlement Agreement if: (i) the Debtors  file a plan of reorganization with the Bankruptcy Court that does not incorporate the terms and conditions of the Noble Settlement Agreement, (ii) the Debtors file a motion before the Bankruptcy Court to terminate their obligations under the Noble Settlement Agreement, or (iii) the release of claims by the Debtors in favor of Noble, as detailed below, is deemed invalid or unenforceable. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

Pursuant to the Noble Settlement Agreement, Noble will provide direct bonding in fulfillment of the requirements necessary to challenge tax assessments in Mexico relating to our business for the tax years 2005 through 2010 (the  Mexican Tax Assessments ). The Mexican Tax Assessments were originally assigned to us by Noble pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement which was entered into in connection with the Spin-Off.  See Note 16 -  Commitments and Contingencies  for additional information.  The Company has contested or intends to contest the Mexico Tax Assessments and may be required to post bonds in connection thereto. 
  In addition, on August 5, 2016, we entered into a binding term sheet with respect to an amendment to the Noble Settlement Agreement (the  Noble Settlement Agreement Amendment ). Upon effectiveness of the Noble Settlement Agreement Amendment, certain provisions of the Tax Sharing Agreement will be further amended to permit us, at our option, to defer up to   $5 million   in amounts owed to Noble under the Tax Sharing Agreement with respect to the Mexican Tax Assessments (the  Deferred Noble Payment Amount ). In consideration for this deferral, we would issue an unsecured promissory note to Noble in the amount of the Deferred Noble Payment Amount (the  Noble Note ) which would be due and payable on the fourth anniversary of the effective date of the Amended Plan. The Noble Note would accrue interest, quarterly, to be paid either: (x) in cash at   12%   per annum, or (y) in kind at   15%   per annum (in our discretion). 
  As of September 30, 2016, our estimated Mexican Tax Assessments totaled approximately   $172 million  , with assessments for 2009 and 2010 yet to be received.  Noble will be responsible for all of the ultimate tax liability for Noble legal entities and   50%   of the ultimate tax liability for our legal entities relating to the Mexican Tax Assessments.   
  In consideration for this support, we have agreed to release Noble, fully and unconditionally, from any and all claims in relation to the Spin-Off.  Upon the effectiveness of the Noble Settlement Agreement, a material portion of our Mexican Tax Assessments, and any corresponding ultimate tax liability, will be assumed by Noble on the Effective Date in connection with certain amendments to the Tax Sharing Agreement executed between Noble and Paragon for the Spin-Off.  Until such time, the current Tax Sharing Agreement remains in effect. 

NOTE 2 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, which creates ASC Topic 606,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   and supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605 and industry-specific standards that currently exist under U.S. GAAP.  The amendments in this ASU are intended to provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improve comparability of revenue recognition practices and improve disclosure requirements.  The core principle of Topic 606 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.  Based on ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date,   issued in August 2015, the amendments in this ASU are effective for financial statements issued for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within that reporting period.  The Company is not permitted to adopt this standard earlier than the original effective date for public entities.  This ASU can be adopted either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption.  In March, April and May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  , and ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):  Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  , respectively.  These updates are not intended to change the core principles of ASU No. 2014-09 but instead clarify important aspects of the guidance and improve its operability and implementation on such topics as: principal versus agent considerations in revenue transactions, goods or services that are  separately identifiable  performance obligations, collectability, noncash consideration and presentation of sales taxes.  These updates have the same effective date and transition requirements as the new revenue standard.  We are evaluating what impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or financial disclosures and have not decided upon a method of adoption. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, which creates ASC Topic 842,   Leases  . This ASU requires an entity to separate lease components from nonlease components in a contract.  The lease components would be accounted for under ASU 2016-02, which requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for capital and operating leases with lease terms greater than twelve months.  Lessors must align certain requirements with the updates to lessee accounting standards and potentially derecognize a leased asset and recognize a net investment in the lease.  This ASU also requires key qualitative and quantitative disclosures by lessess and lessors to help users of financial statements better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases.  We are evaluating the provisions of ASU 2016-02, concurrently with the provisions of ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   since nonlease components would be accounted for under ASU 2014-09.  This update is effective for financial statements issued for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted. A modified  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

retrospective approach is required.  We are evaluating what impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or financial disclosures. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which amends ASC Topic 718,   Compensation - Stock Compensation  .  The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify the accounting for and presentation of share-based payment transactions, including such areas as income tax effects, minimum statutory tax withholding requirements and classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, forfeitures, and the classification on the statement of cash flows.  The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within that reporting period.  Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period, with any adjustments reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption.  Transition methods vary for the related amendments.  We do not expect that our adoption will have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or financial disclosures. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, which creates ASC Topic 326,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses  .  The new guidance introduces new accounting models for expected credit losses on financial instruments and applies to: (1) loans, accounts receivable, trade receivables and other financial assets measured at amortized cost, (2) loan commitments and certain other off-balance sheet credit exposures, (3) debt securities and other financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, and (4) beneficial interests in securitized financial assets. The scope of the new guidance is broad and is designed to improve the current accounting models for the impairment of financial assets.  The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within that reporting period.  Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within that reporting period.  A modified retrospective approach is required.  We are evaluating what impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or financial disclosures. 
  In August 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , a consensus of the FASB s  Emerging Issues Task Force.  The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows.  The ASU addresses how the following cash transactions are presented: (1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; (2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments;  (3) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; (4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; (5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies; (6) distributions received from equity method investments; and (7) beneficial interests in securitization transactions.  The ASU also addresses how to present cash receipts and cash payments that have aspects of multiple cash flow classifications.  The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within that reporting period.  Early adoption is permitted provided that all of the amendments are adopted in the same period.  The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method.  We do not expect that our adoption will have a material impact on our cash flows or financial disclosure. 
  In October 2016 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-16,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory  .  This ASU requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs.  Consequently, the amendments in this ASU eliminate the exception for an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory.  The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an annual reporting period for which financial statements (interim or annual) have not been made available for issuance.  This ASU should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption.  We are considering early adoption of this ASU effective January 1, 2017 and do not expect that our adoption will have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or financial disclosures.  

NOTE   3    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are impacted by the accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  The significant accounting policies and estimates below update and supplement those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Reorganization Accounting 
  In connection with filing chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code on February 14, 2016, the Company is subject to the  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

requirements of FASB ASC 852,   Reorganizations   ( ASC 852 )  .    ASC852 is applicable to companies under bankruptcy protection and requires amendments to the presentation of key financial statement line items.  ASC 852 generally does not change the manner in which financial statements are prepared.  However, it does require that the financial statements for periods subsequent to the filing of the Bankruptcy cases distinguish transactions and events that are directly associated with the reorganization from the ongoing operations of the business.   
  Revenues, expenses, realized gains and losses, and provisions for losses that can be directly associated with the reorganization of the business must be reported separately as reorganization items in the consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  The balance sheet must distinguish pre-petition liabilities subject to compromise from both those pre-petition liabilities that are not subject to compromise and from post-petition liabilities. Liabilities that may be affected by the plan of reorganization must be reported at the amounts expected to be allowed by the Bankruptcy Court, even if they may be settled for lesser amounts as a result of the plan of reorganization. See Note 9 -    Reorganization Items    for cash paid for reorganization items in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
  We utilize the specific identification method for establishing and maintaining allowances for doubtful accounts.  We review accounts receivable on a quarterly basis to determine the reasonableness of the allowance.  The Company monitors the accounts receivable from its customers for any collectability issues.  An allowance for doubtful accounts is established based on reviews of individual customer accounts, recent loss experience, current economic conditions, and other pertinent factors.   
  Our allowance for doubtful accounts was   $34 million   and   $44 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  We had   no   recoveries for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , and   $6 million   of recoveries for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to bad debt expense of   $12 million   and   $27 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively.   Bad debt expense and recoveries are reported as a component of  Contract drilling services operating costs and expenses  in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  Debt Issuance Costs 
  In the first quarter of 2016, we adopted the guidance issued by the FASB in April 2015 in ASU No. 2015-03,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.     Debt issuance costs are presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount and are being amortized over the life of the debt.  In our December 31, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet presented in this Form 10-Q, we reclassified   $21 million   of debt issuance costs for our Senior Notes, Term Loan Facility, and Sale-Leaseback Transaction from  Other assets  to  Long-term debt  to conform to the current period presentation of debt issuance costs.   
  Debt issuance costs related to line of credit arrangements will continue to be classified in  Other assets  on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; however, as a result of the filing of the Bankruptcy cases, debt issuance costs related to our Revolving Credit Facility have been classified as liabilities subject to compromise in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  .  For our debt securities that are considered to be liabilities subject to compromise, we ceased to amortize deferred debt issuance costs through interest expense.  (See Note 8 -    Liabilities Subject to Compromise   ). 

NOTE 4 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT AND OTHER ASSETS 
  Loss on Impairment 
  We assess the recoverability of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable (such as, but not limited to, cold stacking a rig, the expectation of cold stacking a rig in the near term, a decision to retire or scrap a rig, or excess spending over budget on a newbuild, construction project or major rig upgrade).  An impairment loss on our property and equipment exists when the estimated fair value, which is based on estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition, is less than its carrying amount.  Estimates of undiscounted future cash flows typically include (i) discrete financial forecasts, which rely on management s estimates of revenue and operating expenses, (ii) long-term growth rates, and (iii) estimates of useful lives of the assets.  Such estimates of future undiscounted cash flows are highly subjective and are based on numerous assumptions about future operations and market conditions. 
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not recognize an impairment loss in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  During the third quarter of 2015, we identified indicators of impairment, including the  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

downward movement of crude oil prices, the release of the   Paragon DPDS2  , the increased probability of lower activity in Brazil and Mexico and the resultant projected declines in dayrates and utilization.  As a result of these indicators, we concluded that a triggering event existed, which required us to perform an impairment assessment of our fleet of drilling rigs.   
  Based on this assessment and other operational analyses, we determined that   five   floaters,   sixteen   jackups, certain capital spares and the deposits related to the   Three   High-Spec Jackups Under Construction were impaired in 2015.  In aggregate, we recognized non-cash impairment losses of approximately   $1.1 billion   during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, which is included in  Loss on impairments  in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  Goodwill Impairment  
  As of   December 31, 2015   and   September 30, 2016  , we had   no   goodwill. 
  For purposes of evaluating goodwill during the prior period, we have a single reporting unit, which represents our Contract Drilling Services provided by our fleet of mobile offshore drilling units.  Given the events impacting the Company during the three months ended September 30, 2015, including the decrease in contractual activities, a sustained decline in the Company s market capitalization and credit rating downgrades, the Company concluded that there were sufficient indicators to require a goodwill impairment analysis during the third quarter of 2015 in conjunction with our annual goodwill assessment.  In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, the Company performed a two-step impairment test.   
  Based on this analysis, the Company determined goodwill was impaired and recognized a non-cash impairment charge of approximately   $37 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, which is included in  Loss on impairments  in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.    
  Gain on Sale of Assets 
  In January 2015, we completed the sale of the   Paragon M822   for   $24 million   to an unrelated third party.  In connection with the sale, we recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately   $17 million  . 
  In June 2015, we identified drill pipe that we would no longer utilize in our operations. We sold these items for   $2 million   and recorded a pre-tax loss of approximately   $4 million  . 

NOTE 5 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
  In conjunction with the Spin-Off, we adopted equity incentive plans for our employees and directors, the Paragon Offshore plc 2014 Employee Omnibus Incentive Plan (the  Employee Plan ) and the Paragon Offshore plc 2014 Director Omnibus Plan (the  Director Plan ).  Replacement awards of Paragon time-vested restricted stock units ( TVRSU s ) and performance-vested restricted stock units ( PVRSU s ), granted in connection with the Spin-Off, as well as, since the Spin-off, new share-settled and cash-settled awards ( CS-TVRSU s ) have been granted under the Employee Plan and the Director Plan.    No   awards were granted during   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  
  Shares available for issuance and outstanding restricted stock units under our   two   equity incentive plans as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (excluding the impact of cash-settled awards): 

We have awarded both TVRSU s and PVRSU s under our Employee Plan and TVRSU s under our Director Plan.  The TVRSU s under our Employee Plan generally vest pro-rata over a   three  -year period.  The number of PVRSU s which vest will depend on the degree of achievement of specified company-based and market-based performance criteria over the service period.  Under the Employee Plan, we have awarded CS-TVRSU s that are accounted for as liability-based awards.  The CS-TVRSU s vest pro-rata over a   three  -year period. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

A summary of restricted stock activity for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is as follows: 

(1) 
    The share price represents the closing price of our shares on   September 30, 2016   at which our CS-TVRSU s are measured. 
              (2) 
    Includes   191,474   PVRSU s outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   for which vesting depends on the degree of achievement of a company-based performance criteria, the Company s ROCE.  The share amount of these PVRSU s equals the units that would vest if the  maximum  level of performance is achieved based on ROCE.  The minimum number of units is   zero   and the  target  level of performance is   50%   of the maximum.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   70,272   PVRSU s were forfeited as a result of the Company not achieving the thresholds for vesting based on annualized ROCE performance over the term of the awards.  For the remaining   587,738   PVRSU s outstanding, the share amount equals the units that would vest if the  target  level of performance is achieved based on the Company s achievement of a market-based objective, the Company s total shareholder return ( TSR ).  The minimum number of units is   zero   and the  maximum  level of performance is   200%   of the target amount.    
     Equity and liability-based award amortization recognized during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   totaled   $2 million   and   $8 million  , respectively.  Equity and liability-based award amortization recognized during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   totaled   $3 million   and   $13 million  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $8 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to our TVRSU s.  The Company expects to recognize this cost over a remaining weighted-average period of   1.1   years.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $0.6 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to our CS-TVRSU s.  The Company expects to recognize this cost over a remaining weighted-average period of   1.4   years.   
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $0.3 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to our PVRSU s.  The Company expects to recognize this cost over a remaining weighted-average period of   1 year  .  The total potential compensation for the   191,474   PVRSU s based on ROCE is recognized over the service period based on an estimate of the likelihood that our ROCE will achieve the targeted threshold.  We currently estimate a   100%   forfeiture rate related to these PVRSU s.  The total potential compensation for the   587,738   PVRSU s based on TSR is recognized over the service period regardless of whether the TSR performance thresholds are ultimately achieved since vesting is based on market conditions. 

NOTE 6 LOSS PER SHARE 
  Our outstanding share-based payment awards currently consist solely of restricted stock units.  These unvested restricted stock units, which contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends, are deemed to be participating securities and are included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the  two-class  method.  The  two-class  method allocates undistributed earnings between ordinary shares and participating securities; however, in a period of net loss, losses are not allocated to our participating securities.  No earnings were allocated to unvested share-based payment awards in our earnings per share calculation for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015 due to our net loss in each respective period. 
  Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted, has been computed based on the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the applicable periods.  Restricted stock units do not represent ordinary shares outstanding until they are vested and converted into ordinary shares.  The diluted earnings per share calculation under the   two   class method is the same as our basic earnings per share calculation as we currently have no stock options or other potentially dilutive securities outstanding. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Upon our development of a plan of reorganization, any issuance of ordinary shares to our creditors could dilute current equity interests. 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted loss per share: 

NOTE 7 DEBT 
  A summary of long-term debt as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   is as follows: 

(1) See Note 8 -    Liabilities Subject to Compromise    for each of the respective   September 30, 2016   balances identified above.  
  Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes   
  On June 17, 2014, we entered into the Revolving Credit Agreement with lenders that provided commitments in the amount of   $800 million  .  The Revolving Credit Agreement, which is secured by substantially all of our rigs, has a term of   five years   and matures in July 2019.  Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at either (i) an adjusted   LIBOR  , plus an applicable margin ranging between   1.50%   to   2.50%  , depending on our leverage ratio, or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin ranging between   1.50%   to   2.50%  .  Under the Revolving Credit Agreement, we may also obtain letters of credit, the issuance of which would reduce a corresponding amount available for borrowing. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $709 million   in borrowings outstanding at a weighted-average interest rate of   3.03%  , and an aggregate amount of   $87 million   of letters of credit issued under the Revolving Credit Facility.  The balance of our Revolving Credit Facility and unamortized deferred debt issuance costs are classified as liabilities subject to compromise (See Note 8 -    Liabilities Subject to Compromise   ).  We continue to pay interest on the Revolving Credit Facility in the ordinary course of business based on Bankruptcy Court approval.  Accordingly, interest payable on the Revolving Credit Facility is not classified as a liability subject to compromise. 
  On July 18, 2014, we issued   $1.08 billion   of Senior Notes and also borrowed   $650 million   under the Term Loan Facility. The Term Loan Facility is secured by substantially all of our rigs.  The proceeds from the Term Loan Facility and the Senior Notes were used to repay   $1.7 billion   of intercompany indebtedness to Noble incurred as partial consideration for the Separation.  
  The Senior Notes consisted of   $500 million   of   6.75%   senior notes and   $580 million   of   7.25%   senior notes, which mature on   July 15, 2022   and   August 15, 2024  , respectively.  The Senior Notes were issued without an original issue discount. Contractual interest on the   6.75%   senior notes is payable semi-annually, in January and July. Contractual interest on the   7.25%   senior notes is payable semi-annually, in February and August.  The   $1 billion   balance of our Senior Notes, accrued pre-petition interest, and unamortized deferred debt issuance costs are classified as liabilities subject to compromise (See Note 8 -    Liabilities Subject to Compromise   ).  As interest on the Company s unsecured Senior Notes subsequent to February 14, 2016 was not expected to be an allowed claim, the Company ceased accruing interest on its Senior Notes on this date.  Results for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   would have included contractual interest expense of   $18 million   and   $44 million  , respectively.  These costs would have been incurred had the unsecured Senior Notes not been classified as subject to compromise. 
  Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility bear interest at an adjusted   LIBOR   rate plus   2.75%  , subject to a minimum LIBOR rate of   1%   or a base rate plus   1.75%  , at our option. We are required to make quarterly principal payments of   $1.6 million   plus interest and may prepay all or a portion of the Term Loan Facility at any time.  The Term Loan Facility matures in July 2021. The loans under the Term Loan Facility were issued with   0.50%   original issue discount.  As a result of the oral ruling which denied confirmation of the Debtors  Amended Plan including the reinstatement of the Term Loan Facility, our Term Loan Facility may be affected by a plan of reorganization.  Consequently, as of September 30, 2016, the net balance of our Term Loan Facility, unamortized deferred debt issuance costs and unamortized discount was classified as liabilities subject to compromise (See Note 8 -    Liabilities Subject to Compromise   ).  Paragon continues to make interest payments on its Term Loan Facility in the ordinary course of business, based on Bankruptcy Court approval.  Accordingly, interest payable on the Term Loan Facility is not classified as liabilities subject to compromise in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  During the first quarter of 2015, we repurchased and canceled an aggregate principal amount of   $11 million   of our Senior Notes at an aggregate cost of   $7 million  , including accrued interest.  The repurchases consisted of   $1 million   aggregate principal amount of our   6.75%   senior notes due July 2022 and   $10 million   aggregate principal amount of our   7.25%   senior notes due August 2024.  As a result of the repurchases, we recognized a total gain on debt retirement, net of the write-off of issuance costs, of approximately   $4 million   in  Gain on repurchase of long-term debt.   All Senior Note repurchases were made using available cash balances.  We had no debt repurchases subsequent to the first quarter of 2015. 
  The agreements related to our Debt Facilities contain covenants that place restrictions on certain merger and consolidation transactions; our ability to sell or transfer certain assets; payment of dividends; making distributions; redemption of stock; incurrence or guarantee of debt; issuance of loans; prepayment; redemption of certain debt; as well as incurrence or assumption of certain liens.  The covenants and events of default under our Revolving Credit Agreement, Senior Notes, and Term Loan Facility are substantially similar.   
  Sale-Leaseback Transaction 
  On July 24, 2015, we executed a combined   $300 million   Sale-Leaseback Transaction with subsidiaries of SinoEnergy (collectively, the  Lessors ) for our   two   high specification jackup units,   Prospector 1   and   Prospector 5   (collectively, the  Prospector Rigs ).  We sold the Prospector Rigs to the Lessors and immediately leased the Prospector Rigs from the Lessors for a period of   five years   pursuant to a lease agreement for each Prospector Rig (collectively,  the  Lease Agreements ).  Net of fees and expenses and certain lease prepayments, we received net proceeds of approximately   $292 million  , including amounts used to fund certain required reserve accounts.  The   Prospector 5   is currently operating under drilling contracts with Total S.A. until November 2017.   The   Prospector 1   ended its contract with Total S.A. in mid-September 2016. 
  On April 5, 2016, the Company obtained a forbearance from the Lessors of the event of default relating to the filing of the chapter 11 cases under the Lease Agreements.  The forbearance will become a permanent waiver of this event of default upon the occurrence of certain conditions, including that the effective date of the Plan occurs by the outside date set forth in the PSA.  We have extended this forbearance so that the forbearance will continue until November 30, 2016, subject to certain  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

conditions, including that the PSA is not terminated before such date.  In light of the Bankruptcy Court s oral order on October 28, 2016, we are discussing modifications to the conditions of the waiver with the Lessor if the Debtors elect to pursue an alternative plan of reorganization.      If we do not receive this waiver, we intend to file petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code for the parties to the Lease Agreements and certain of their affiliates. 
  While it has been determined that the Lessors are variable interest entities ( VIEs ), we are not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs for accounting purposes since we do not have the power to direct the operation of the VIEs and we do not have the obligation to absorb losses nor the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIEs.  As a result, we do not consolidate the Lessors in our consolidated financial statements.  We have accounted for the Sale-Leaseback Transaction as a capital lease.   
  The following table includes our minimum annual rental payments using weighted-average effective interest rates of   5.2%   for the   Prospector 1   and   7.5%   for the   Prospector 5  . 

We made rental payments, including interest, of approximately   $24 million   and   $71 million   during the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  We made rental payments, including interest, of approximately   $13 million   during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  This includes pre-payments or Excess Cash Amounts (as defined below) of   $4 million   and   $11 million   for the   Prospector 1   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $7 million   and   $21 million   for the   Prospector 5   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
  Following the third and fourth anniversaries of the closing dates of the Lease Agreements, we have the option to repurchase each Prospector Rig for an amount as defined in the Lease Agreements.  At the end of the lease term, we have an obligation to repurchase each Prospector Rig for a maximum amount of   $88 million   per Prospector Rig, less any pre-payments made by us during the term of the Lease Agreements. 
  The Lease Agreements obligate us to make certain termination payments upon the occurrence of certain events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, termination of the underlying drilling contract for each Rig, covenant defaults, cross-payment defaults, certain events of bankruptcy, material judgments and actual or asserted failure of any credit document to be in force and effect.  The Lease Agreements contain certain representations, warranties, obligations, conditions, indemnification provisions and termination provisions customary for sale and leaseback financing transactions. The Lease Agreements contain certain affirmative and negative covenants that, subject to exceptions, limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness, pay inter-company dividends or make other inter-company distributions or repurchase or redeem capital stock, prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt, make loans and investments, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of certain assets, create or incur liens, enter into certain types of transactions with affiliates, consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets, and enter into new lines of business. 
  In addition, we are required to maintain a cash reserve of   $11.5 million   for each Prospector Rig throughout the term of the Lease Agreements. During the term of the current drilling contract for each Prospector Rig, we are also required to pay to the Lessors any excess cash amounts earned under such contract, after payment of bareboat charter fees and operating expenses for such Prospector Rig and maintenance of any mandatory reserve cash amounts (the  Excess Cash Amounts ).  These excess cash payments represent prepayment for the remaining rental payments under the applicable Lease Agreement (the  Cash Sweep ).  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we had short-term restricted cash balances of   $8 million   and   $3 million  , respectively, and long-term restricted cash balances   $27 million   and   $25 million  , respectively, related to the Lease Agreements in  Restricted cash  on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.  Following the conclusion of the current drilling contract for each Rig, the Cash Sweep will be reduced, requiring us to make prepayments to the Lessors of up to   25%   of the Excess Cash Amounts. 

NOTE 8 LIABILITIES SUBJECT TO COMPROMISE  
  As a result of the filing of the Bankruptcy cases on February 14, 2016, we have classified pre-petition liabilities that may be affected by a plan of reorganization as liabilities subject to compromise in our interim consolidated financial statements.  Pre-petition liabilities that are subject to compromise are required to be reported at the amounts expected to be allowed, even if they may be settled for lesser amounts.  If there is uncertainty about whether a secured claim is under-secured, or will be impaired under a plan of reorganization, the entire amount of the claim is included in liabilities subject to compromise. The amounts  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

currently classified as liabilities subject to compromise represent Paragon s current estimate of claims expected to be allowed under a plan of reorganization.  We will continue to evaluate these liabilities during the pendency of the Bankruptcy cases and they may be subject to future adjustments depending on the Bankruptcy Court actions, further development with respect to disputed claims, or other events.  Such adjustments may be material. 
  The Revolving Credit Facility, Senior Notes, and Term Loan Facility may be affected by a plan of reorganization which is subject to confirmation by the Bankruptcy Court.  As such, the outstanding balances of these debt instruments and related accrued pre-petition interest (for the Senior Notes only), unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized discount (for Term Loan Facility only) have been classified as liabilities subject to compromise in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Generally, actions to enforce or otherwise effect payment of pre-bankruptcy filing liabilities are stayed. Although payment of pre-petition claims is generally not permitted, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Debtors   first day  motions allowing, among other things, the payment of obligations related to human capital, supplier relations, customer relations, business operations, tax matters, cash management, utilities, case management and retention of professionals.  As a result of this approval, the Company continues to pay certain pre-petition claims in designated categories and subject to certain terms and conditions in the ordinary course of business, and we have not classified these liabilities as subject to compromise in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  . This is designed to preserve the value of the Company s businesses and assets.  With respect to pre-petition claims, the Company has notified all known claimants of the deadline to file a proof of claim with the Court.   
  The Company has been paying and intends to continue to pay undisputed post-petition claims in the ordinary course of business.  
  The following table reflects pre-petition liabilities that are subject to compromise included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of   September 30, 2016  .  See Note 7 -    Debt    for a specific discussion on the debt instruments and related balances subject to compromise: 

NOTE 9 REORGANIZATION ITEMS 
  ASC 852 requires that transactions and events directly associated with the reorganization be distinguished from the ongoing operations of the business.  The Company uses  Reorganization items, net  on its Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations to reflect the net revenues, expenses, gains and losses that are the direct result of the reorganization of the business.  The following table summarizes the components included in  Reorganization items, net : 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Included in Reorganization items, net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is approximately   $31 million   of cash paid for professional fees,   $18 million   of accrued expenses and   $8 million   of non-cash amortization associated with the reorganization. 

21 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 10 CONDENSED COMBINED DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
  The financial statements below represent the condensed combined financial statements of the Debtors.  Effective January 1, 2016, the Non-Filing entities are accounted for as non-consolidated subsidiaries in these financial statements and, as such, their net earnings are included as  Equity in earnings of Non-Filing entities, net of tax  in the Debtors  Condensed Combined  Statement of Operations and their net assets are included as  Investment in Non-Filing entities  in the Debtors  Condensed Combined Balance Sheet. 
  Intercompany transactions among the Debtors have been eliminated in the financial statements contained herein. Intercompany transactions among the Debtors and the Non-Filing entities have not been eliminated in the Debtors  financial statements. 
  DEBTORS  CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  (  Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

22 

     Table of Contents  

DEBTORS  CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET  
  (  Unaudited) 
  (In thousands  ) 

23 

     Table of Contents  

DEBTORS  CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11  INCOME TAXES 
  We operate through various subsidiaries in numerous countries throughout the world. Consequently, income taxes have been based on the laws and rates in effect in the countries in which operations are conducted and in which we and our subsidiaries or our Predecessor and its subsidiaries were incorporated or otherwise considered to have a taxable presence.  The change in the effective tax rate from period to period is primarily attributable to changes in the profitability or loss mix of our operations in various jurisdictions. As our operations continually change among numerous jurisdictions, and methods of taxation in these jurisdictions vary greatly, there is little direct correlation between the income tax provision or benefit and income or loss before taxes. 
  The income tax provision was   $1 million   for both the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  The income tax benefit for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   was   $55 million   and   $67 million  , respectively.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , the liabilities related to our unrecognized tax benefits, including estimated accrued interest and penalties, totaled   $19 million  , and if recognized, would reduce our income tax provision by   $19 million  .  At   December 31, 2015  , the liabilities related to our unrecognized tax benefits totaled   $19 million  .  It is reasonably possible that our existing liabilities related to our unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease in the next twelve months primarily due to the progression of open audits or the expiration of statutes of limitation. However, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of potential changes in our existing liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits due to various uncertainties, such as the unresolved nature of various audits. 

NOTE 12 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
  Defined Benefit Plans  
  We sponsor   two   non-U.S. noncontributory defined benefit pension plans, the Paragon Offshore Enterprise Ltd and the Paragon Offshore Nederland B.V. pension plans, which cover certain Europe-based salaried, non-union employees. 
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   pension benefit expense related to our defined benefit pension plans, based on actuary estimates, are presented in the table below.   
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

Pension cost includes the following components: 

During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we contributed approximately   $6 million   to our pension plans.  
  Other Benefit Plans  
  We sponsor a 401(k) defined contribution plan and a profit sharing plan, which cover our employees who are not otherwise enrolled in the above defined benefit plans.  Other post-retirement benefit expense related to these other benefit plans included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations was   $0.7 million   and   $0.6 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 

NOTE 13 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
  We have historically entered into derivative instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and we may conduct hedging activities in future periods to mitigate such exposure.  We have documented policies and procedures to monitor and control the use of derivative instruments.  We do not engage in derivative transactions for speculative or trading purposes, nor are we a party to leveraged derivatives. 
  Cash Flow Hedges 
  We have not entered into any hedging activity during   2016  .  Depending on market conditions and availability of counterparties, we may elect to utilize short-term forward currency contracts in the future. 
  Prospector Interest Rate Swaps 
  At the time of our acquisition of Prospector, Prospector had outstanding a 2018 senior secured credit facility of   $270 million   (the  Prospector Senior Credit Facility ) which exposed Prospector to short-term changes in market interest rates as interest obligations on these instruments were periodically redetermined based on the prevailing LIBOR rate.  Prior to our acquisition, a subsidiary of Prospector had entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate maximum notional amount of   $135 million  .  The interest rate swaps were entered into to reduce the variability of the cash interest payments under the Prospector Senior Credit Facility and to fix the interest on   50%   of the outstanding borrowings under the facility.  Prospector received interest at three-month LIBOR and paid interest at a fixed rate of   1.512%   over the expected term of the Prospector Senior Credit Facility. 
  In the first quarter of 2015, we had repaid in full the remaining principal balance outstanding under the Prospector Senior Credit Facility; therefore, the related interest rate swaps were terminated.  The termination resulted in a settlement at fair market value plus accrued interest of approximately   $1 million   recorded in  Interest expense net of amount capitalized.   We did not apply hedge accounting with respect to these interest rate swaps and therefore, changes in fair values were recognized as either income or loss in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a gain of approximately   $1 million   resulting from the change in fair value of the interest rate swaps was recorded in  Interest expense, net of amount capitalized.   

NOTE 14 FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
  Our cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable are by their nature short-term.  As a result, the carrying values included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate fair value. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Fair Value of Debt  
  The estimated fair values of our Senior Notes and Term Loan Facility were based on the quoted market prices for similar issues (Level 2 measurement).   
  The estimated fair value of our Senior Notes due July 15, 2022, excluding debt issuance costs of   $6 million   for   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, and our Senior Notes due August 15, 2024, excluding debt issuance costs of   $8 million   for   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, are as follows: 

The estimated fair value of our Term Loan Facility, bearing interest at   5.25%  , excluding unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of   $7 million   and   $8 million   for   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, is as follows: 

The carrying amount of our variable-rate debt, the Revolving Credit Facility, which is subject to compromise as of   September 30, 2016  , approximates fair value as such debt bears short-term, market-based interest rates.  We have classified this instrument as Level 2 as valuation inputs used for purposes of determining our fair value disclosure are readily available published LIBOR rates. 

NOTE 15 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
  The following table sets forth the changes in the accumulated balances for each component of  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  ( AOCL ) for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  All amounts within the tables are shown net of tax. 

26 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Defined benefit pension items relate to actuarial losses, prior service credits, and the amortization of actuarial losses and prior service credits.  Reclassifications from AOCL are recognized as expense on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations through either  Contract drilling services  or  General and administrative.   See Note 12,    Employee Benefit Plans    for additional information. 

NOTE 16 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
  Purchase Commitments 
  In connection with our capital expenditure program, we have outstanding commitments, including shipyard and purchase commitments of approximately   $592 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  Our shipyard and purchase commitments consist of obligations outstanding to external vendors primarily related to future capital purchases and the construction of   three   high-specification jackup rigs, the   Prospector 6, Prospector 7   and   Prospector 8   (collectively, the    Three   High-Spec Jackups Under Construction ) by Shanghai Waigaoqiao Ship Co. Ltd. ( SWS ) in China.  Our outstanding shipyard commitments include   $579 million  , of which   $192 million   is due in 2016 for the   Prospector 7   and   $387 million   is due in 2017 for the   Prospector 6   and the   Prospector 8.    In April 2016, we agreed with SWS to an extension of the delivery of the   Prospector 6, Prospector 7   and   Prospector 8    to the second quarter of 2017, the fourth quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2017, respectively. We are currently in discussions with SWS to further extend each of these delivery dates and have agreed in principle regarding these extensions, but such extensions remain subject to documentation.  Each newbuild has been built pursuant to a contract between one of these subsidiaries and SWS, without our parent company guarantee or other direct recourse to any of our subsidiaries other than the applicable subsidiary.  The Prospector subsidiaries are not included in the Bankruptcy cases. 
  Litigation  
  We are a defendant in certain claims and litigation arising out of operations in the ordinary course of business, the resolution of which, in the opinion of management, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. There is inherent risk in any litigation or dispute and no assurance can be given as to the outcome of these claims. 
  Tax Contingencies 
  We operate in a number of countries throughout the world and our tax returns filed in those jurisdictions are subject to review and examination by tax authorities within those jurisdictions.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have received tax audit claims of approximately   $351 million  , of which   $90 million   is subject to indemnity by Noble, primarily in Mexico and Brazil, attributable to our income, customs and other business taxes.  In addition, as of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $31 million   of tax audit claims in Mexico assessed against Noble are subject to indemnity by us as a result of the Spin-Off.  We have contested, or intend to contest, these claims, including through litigation if necessary.  Tax authorities may issue additional claims or pursue legal actions as a result of tax audits, and we cannot predict or provide assurance as to the ultimate outcome of such claims and legal actions.  In some cases, we will be required to post cash deposit as collateral while we defend these claims.  We could be required to post such collateral in the near future, and such amounts could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have   no   surety bonds or letters of credit associated with tax audit claims outstanding. 
  In January 2015, a subsidiary of Noble received an unfavorable ruling from the Mexican Supreme Court on a tax depreciation position claimed in periods prior to the Spin-Off. Although the ruling does not constitute mandatory jurisprudence in Mexico, it does create potential indemnification exposure for us under the Tax Sharing Agreement with Noble if Noble is ultimately determined to be liable for any amounts. We are presently unable to determine a timeline on this matter, nor are we able to determine the extent of our liability. We have considered this matter under ASC 460,   Guarantees  , and concluded that our liability under this matter is reasonably possible. Due to these current uncertainties, we are not able to reasonably estimate the magnitude of any liability at this time. 
  Petrobras has notified us, along with other industry participants, that it is currently challenging assessments by Brazilian tax authorities of withholding taxes associated with the provision of drilling rigs for its operations in Brazil during the years 2008 and 2009 totaling   $87 million  , of which   $25 million   is subject to indemnity by Noble. Petrobras has also notified us that if they must pay such withholding taxes, they will seek reimbursement from us. We believe that we are contractually indemnified by Petrobras for these amounts and dispute the validity of the assessment. We have notified Petrobras of our position. We will, if necessary, vigorously defend our rights. If we were required to pay such reimbursement, however, the amount of such reimbursement could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, a tax law was enacted in Brazil, effective January 1, 2015, that under certain circumstances would impose a   15%   to   25%   withholding tax on charter hire payments made to a non-Brazilian related party exceeding certain thresholds of total contract value. Although we believe that our operations are not subject to this law, the tax is being withheld at the source by our customer and we have recorded   $8 million   withholding tax expense since inception of the law. Discussions with our customer over the applicability of this legislation are ongoing. 
  Settlement with Noble Corporation 
  On February 12, 2016, as part of the PSA, we entered into the Term Sheet with Noble with respect to the Noble Settlement Agreement, which we executed on April 29, 2016.  The Noble Settlement Agreement will become effective upon the effective date of the Debtors  plan of reorganization if such plan is substantially similar to the Debtors  Plan filed with the PSA. In light of the Bankruptcy Court s recent order on October 28, 2016, we intend to discuss this requirement with Noble if the Debtors elect to pursue a plan of reorganization that will not fulfill this condition to the Noble Settlement Agreement. The Noble Settlement Agreement provides that Noble may only unilaterally terminate the Noble Settlement Agreement if: (i) the Debtors  file a plan of reorganization with the Bankruptcy Court that does not incorporate the terms and conditions of the Noble Settlement Agreement, (ii) the Debtors file a motion before the Bankruptcy Court to terminate their obligations under the Noble Settlement Agreement, or (iii) the release of claims by the Debtors in favor of Noble, as detailed below, is deemed invalid or unenforceable. 
  Pursuant to the Noble Settlement Agreement, Noble will provide direct bonding in fulfillment of the requirements necessary to challenge tax assessments in Mexico relating to our business for the tax years 2005 through 2010.  The Mexican Tax Assessments were originally assigned to us by Noble pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement which was entered into in connection with the Spin-Off.  The Company has contested or intends to contest the Mexico Tax Assessments and may be required to post bonds in connection thereto. 
  In addition, on August 5, 2016, we entered into a binding term sheet with respect to an amendment to the Noble Settlement Agreement (the  Noble Settlement Agreement Amendment ). Upon effectiveness of the Noble Settlement Agreement Amendment, certain provisions of the Tax Sharing Agreement will be further amended to permit us, at our option, to defer up to   $5 million   in amounts owed to Noble under the Tax Sharing Agreement with respect to the Mexican Tax Assessments (the  Deferred Noble Payment Amount ). In consideration for this deferral, we would issue an unsecured promissory note to Noble in the amount of the Deferred Noble Payment Amount (the  Noble Note ) which would be due and payable on the fourth anniversary of the effective date of the Amended Plan. The Noble Note would accrue interest, quarterly, to be paid either: (x) in cash at   12%   per annum, or (y) in kind at   15%   per annum (in our discretion). 
  As of September 30, 2016, our estimated Mexican Tax Assessments totaled approximately   $172 million  , which is included in the tax assessment amounts disclosed above, with assessments for 2009 and 2010 yet to be received.  Noble will be responsible for all of the ultimate tax liability for Noble legal entities and   50%   of the ultimate tax liability for our legal entities relating to the Mexican Tax Assessments.   
  In consideration for this support, we have agreed to release Noble, fully and unconditionally, from any and all claims in relation to the Spin-Off.  Upon the effectiveness of the Noble Settlement Agreement, a material portion of our Mexican Tax Assessments, and any corresponding ultimate tax liability, will be assumed by Noble on the Effective Date in connection with certain amendments to the Tax Share Agreement executed between Noble and Paragon for the Spin-Off.  Until such time, the current Tax Sharing Agreement remains in effect. 
  Other Contingencies 
  Our subsidiary used a commercial agent in Brazil in connection with Petrobras drilling contracts. The agent pleaded guilty in Brazil in connection with the award by Petrobras of a drilling contract to one of our competitors as part of a wider investigation of Petrobras  business practices. The agent has represented a number of different companies in Brazil over many years, including several offshore drilling contractors. Since mid-2015, we have been conducting an independent review of our relationship with the agent and with Petrobras.  Our review to date has found no evidence of wrongdoing by our employees or the commercial agent on our behalf.  The SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice are aware of our review. 
  We are currently party to several commercial disputes with a former customer relating to services we performed under our contracts with them.  We believe we have a reasonable possibility of prevailing in these disputes and have not included these amounts in our provision for contingencies.  In the event that we are unsuccessful in resolving these disputes, our ultimate liability could be up to   $15 million  . 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

Insurance  
  We maintain certain insurance coverage against specified marine perils, which include physical damage and loss of hire for certain units. 
  We maintain insurance in the geographic areas in which we operate, although pollution, reservoir damage and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. Our insurance policies and contractual rights to indemnity may not adequately cover our losses or may have exclusions of coverage for some losses. We do not have insurance coverage or rights to indemnity for all risks, including loss of hire insurance on most of the rigs in our fleet or named windstorm perils with respect to our rigs cold-stacked in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Uninsured exposures may include expatriate activities prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations, radiation hazards, certain loss or damage to property on board our rigs and losses relating to shore-based terrorist acts or strikes. If a significant accident or other event occurs and is not fully covered by insurance or contractual indemnity, it could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, there can be no assurance that those parties with contractual obligations to indemnify us will necessarily be financially able to indemnify us against all these risks. 
  Other  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had letters of credit of   $87 million   and performance bonds totaling   $115 million   supported by surety bonds outstanding and backed by   $75 million   in letters of credit and   $27 million   held in restricted cash. Certain of our subsidiaries issued guarantees to the temporary import status of rigs or equipment imported into certain countries in which we operated. These guarantees are issued in lieu of payment of custom, value added or similar taxes in those countries.  
  Separation Agreements  
  In connection with the Spin-Off, we entered into several definitive agreements with Noble or its subsidiaries that, among other things, set forth the terms and conditions of the Spin-Off and provide a framework for our relationship with Noble after the Spin-Off, including the following agreements:  
             
    Master Separation Agreement;  
                
    Tax Sharing Agreement;  
                
    Employee Matters Agreement;  
                
    Transition Services Agreement relating to services Noble and Paragon will provide to each other on an interim basis; and  
                
    Transition Services Agreement relating to Noble s Brazil operations. 
     Pursuant to these agreements with Noble, our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets include the following balances due from and to Noble as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  : 

These receivables and payables primarily relate to rights and obligations under the Tax Sharing Agreement and the Transition Services Agreement (Brazil). 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Master Separation Agreement  
  We entered into the Master Separation Agreement with Noble Corporation, Noble-Cayman, which provided for, among other things, the Distribution of our ordinary shares to Noble shareholders and the transfer to us of the assets and the assumption by us of the liabilities relating to our business and the responsibility of Noble for liabilities related to Noble s, and in certain limited cases, our business. The Master Separation Agreement identified which assets and liabilities constitute our business and which assets and liabilities constitute Noble s business. 
  Tax Sharing Agreement  
  We entered into the Tax Sharing Agreement with Noble, which governs the parties  respective rights, responsibilities and obligations with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, the preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings and certain other matters regarding taxes following the Distribution. 
  Employee Matters Agreement  
  We entered into an Employee Matters Agreement with Noble-Cayman to allocate liabilities and responsibilities relating to our employees and their participation in certain compensation and benefit plans maintained by Noble or a subsidiary of Noble. The Employee Matters Agreement provides that, following the Distribution, most of our employee benefits are provided under compensation and benefit plans adopted or assumed by us. In general, our plans are substantially similar to the plans of Noble or its subsidiaries that covered our employees prior to the completion of the Distribution. 
  Transition Services Agreement  
  We entered into a Transition Services Agreement with Noble-Cayman pursuant to which Noble-Cayman provides, on a transitional basis, certain administrative and other assistance, generally consistent with the services that Noble provided to us before the Separation, and we provide certain transition services to Noble and its subsidiaries. The charges for the transition services are generally intended to allow the party providing the services to fully recover the costs directly associated with providing the services, plus all out-of-pocket costs and expenses, generally without profit. The charges for each of the transition services generally are based on either a pre-determined flat fee or an allocation of the costs incurred, including certain fees and expenses of third-party service providers.  We concluded providing services to Noble, and Noble concluded providing services to us, in the third quarter of 2016. 
  Transition Services Agreement (Brazil)  
  We and Noble-Cayman and certain other subsidiaries of Noble entered into a Transition Services Agreement (and a related rig charter) pursuant to which we provide certain transition services to Noble and its subsidiaries in connection with Noble s Brazil operations.  The provision of these rig-based and shore-based support services concluded in the second quarter of 2016 in conjunction with the termination of Noble s business in Brazil.  

30 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 17 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
  The net effect of changes in other assets and liabilities on cash flows from operating activities is as follows: 

We received income tax refunds, net of payments, of approximately   $10 million   and made income tax payments of approximately   $66 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  

NOTE 18 SEGMENT AND RELATED INFORMATION  
  At   September 30, 2016  , our contract drilling operations were reported as a single reportable segment, Contract Drilling Services, which reflects how our business is managed, and the fact that all of our drilling fleet is dependent upon the worldwide oil industry. The mobile offshore drilling units that comprise our offshore rig fleet operated in a single, global market for contract drilling services and are often redeployed globally due to changing demands of our customers, which consisted leading national, international and independent oil and gas companies throughout the world. Our Contract Drilling Services segment conducts contract drilling operations in the North Sea, the Middle East, India, Brazil, Mexico, West Africa and Southeast Asia. 

31 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
     The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and related notes as of   September 30, 2016   and for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Unless the context requires otherwise, or we specifically indicate otherwise, when used in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the terms  Paragon,  the  Company,   we,   us  or  our  refer to Paragon Offshore plc together with its subsidiaries.  
  The Company 
  We are a global provider of offshore drilling rigs.  Our operated fleet includes   34   jackups (including   two   high specification heavy duty/harsh environment jackups),   four   drillships and   two   semisubmersibles. We refer to our semisubmersibles and drillships collectively as  floaters.   Our primary business is contracting our rigs, related equipment and work crews to conduct oil and gas drilling and workover operations for our exploration and production customers on a dayrate basis around the world. 
  We are a public limited company registered under the Companies Act 2006 of England.  In July 2014, Noble Corporation plc ( Noble ) transferred to us the assets and liabilities (the  Separation ) constituting most of Noble s standard specification drilling units and related assets, liabilities and business. On August 1, 2014, Noble made a pro rata distribution to its shareholders of all of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (the  Distribution  and, collectively with the Separation, the  Spin-Off ).  

Market Outlook  
  Brent crude oil prices are a key factor in determining our customers  current activity levels, as well as a critical input customers use to set future budgets and define drilling programs.  The closing price of $49.06 per barrel on September 30, 2016 was little changed from the closing price of $49.68 per barrel at the end of the second quarter 2016.  Nevertheless, Brent prices experienced considerable volatility during the third quarter 2016, falling to a low of $41.51 per barrel in early August before rebounding on news at the end of September that OPEC had agreed to the framework of an agreement that would limit production by member countries.  In October, President Vladimir Putin announced that Russia was  ready to join  in a freeze or cut to  preserve stability in the global energy markets.   Details of the agreement are set to be resolved at the November 2016 OPEC meeting.  Through September 30, 2016, Brent prices have risen nearly 32% this year compared to the closing price of $37.28 per barrel on December 31, 2015.    
  Fixture activity in the third quarter of 2016 for both jackups and floaters increased as compared to the second quarter of 2016.  According to industry data, there were 46 new jackup contract announcements or fixtures during the third quarter of 2016 compared to 29 new fixtures during the second quarter of 2016.  Both totals exclude instances where companies agreed to renegotiate dayrates which numbered zero and three in the third and second quarters of 2016, respectively. Activity remains lower than in third quarter of 2015, when 64 new fixtures were reported.  In the floater segment, there were 21 new fixtures and 2 renegotiations during the third quarter of 2016 compared to 14 new fixtures and 3 renegotiations during the second quarter of 2016.  For the first time in 2016, new contracting activity for floaters was higher year-on-year when compared with third quarter 2015, which saw 15 new fixtures and 2 renegotiations. 
  Excluding a $275,000 per day fixture for a high specification jackup in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea, a region not comparable to the rest of global market due to the special technical requirements of jackups which operate in those waters, average dayrates for jackup fixtures were $77,000 per day, down approximately 13% in the third quarter 2016 as compared to the second quarter 2016, when dayrates averaged $88,000 per day.  Compared to $113,000 per day, the average dayrate of new jackup fixtures in the third quarter of 2015, dayrates in third quarter of 2016 were 32% lower.  During the third quarter of 2016, dayrates for new floater fixtures rose 11% quarter-over-quarter, averaging approximately $264,000 per day compared to $237,000 per day in the second quarter of 2016.  However, new floater fixture dayrates in the third quarter 2016 were 5% lower than the average in third quarter 2015 of $277,000 per day.  The dayrate data is based on information provided by third party sources and excludes fixtures for which no dayrate has been publicly reported. 
  Petrobras has contested the term of each of our drilling contracts for the   Paragon DPDS2   and the   Paragon DPDS3   in connection with the length of prior shipyard projects relating to these rigs and released the   Paragon DPDS2   effective September 29, 2015. Under our interpretation of the contract, the   Paragon DPDS3   was scheduled to work until August 2017.  However, in accordance with Petrobras  interpretation of the contract, the   Paragon DPDS3   was released in August 2016.  Both rigs are  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

currently stacked in a shipyard in Puerto Rico and Paragon is winding down its operational presence in Brazil.  Backlog related to this dispute is not included in our reported backlog as of September 30, 2016. Paragon will vigorously pursue all legal remedies available to us under these contracts.   
  As of October 19, 2016, there were 107 jackup drilling rigs under construction according to third party data sources. These rigs are currently scheduled for delivery between 2016 through as late as 2020.  Certain drilling contractors with jackups under construction, including Paragon, have reported that they have reached agreements with the shipyards where their rigs are under construction to delay the delivery of their rigs as a result of the challenging market environment. This combination of new supply and lower activity levels has negatively impacted the contracting environment, and has intensified price competition. If this persists, we could be required to increase our capital investment to keep our jackup rigs competitive or to stack or scrap rigs that are no longer marketable in the current environment. 
  In addition, there are reported to be 63 floating rigs under construction or on order according to third party data sources with deliveries between 2016 and 2020.  Break even oil prices for projects requiring the use of floating assets is significantly higher than for projects requiring jackup rigs.  Also, a greater portion of the industry s exploration work is done in deepwater as compared with shallow water and exploration budgets are often reduced or eliminated in periods of low commodity prices.  We believe these factors will continue to put pressure on the dayrates and utilization for floating assets for the next several years.  We also believe that older floating assets will be at a disadvantage in securing new work because new floating rigs offer greater technical capabilities and efficiencies, which is generally not the case in the jackup segment.  
  In summary, while we see some cause for optimism based on the increase in the fixture activity for both floaters and jackups in the third quarter 2016, we remain cautious in our near-term outlook.  Despite recent improvements in oil prices, we believe dayrates and utilization for both floaters and jackups could remain low for some period of time and we continue to adjust our cost structure to accommodate this reality. We anticipate that over the next several months, the industry will see few tenders for new drilling activity and that the available tenders will be highly competitive, potentially driving dayrates even lower.  As evidenced by several floating asset contract cancellations during the third quarter of 2016, we expect that offshore contract drillers will continue to be involved in negotiations on existing contracts to reduce dayrates and/or contract term.  Additional contract cancellations remain possible.  Prolonged periods of low utilization and lower dayrates could also result in the recognition of additional impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs.  However, we believe that reduced drilling activity is resulting in lower global oil supply.  The combination of generally forecasted increasing global demand for hydrocarbons and natural decline, combined with a production freeze or cut by OPEC members and affiliated countries, will eventually drive oil prices higher and will cause oil and gas companies to resume drilling activity.  Despite current conditions, we continue to have confidence in the longer-term fundamentals for the industry. 

Chapter 11 Filing 
  On February 14, 2016, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court ( the Bankruptcy cases ).  On August 5, 2016, the Debtors filed a disclosure statement supplement and Amended Plan with the Bankruptcy Court.  On October 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court issued an oral ruling denying confirmation of the Debtors  Amended Plan.  Paragon is currently evaluating its potential courses of action. 
  Since the filing date, the Debtors have operated their business as  debtors-in-possession .  Under the Bankruptcy cases, the Debtor s trade creditors and vendors are being paid in full in the ordinary course of business and all of the Company s contracts have remained in effect in accordance with their terms preserving the rights of all parties. 
  For additional discussion of the Bankruptcy cases and its effects, See Part 1,  Note 1 -   Organization, Current Events and Basis of Presentation    contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q     and Part I, Item 1A,    Risk Factors - Risk Factors Related to Our Restructuring    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .. 
    
  Acquisition of Prospector Offshore Drilling  
  On November 17, 2014, we initiated the acquisition of the outstanding shares of Prospector, an offshore drilling company organized in Luxembourg and traded on the Oslo Axess, from certain shareholders and in open market purchases.  On February 23, 2015, we acquired all remaining issued and outstanding shares of Prospector. 
   The Prospector Acquisition expanded and enhanced our global fleet by adding two high specification jackups (the   Prospector 1   and   Prospector 5  ) contracted to Total S.A. for use in the U.K. sector of the North Sea.  Additionally, three subsidiaries  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

of Prospector contracted for the construction of three high-specification jackup rigs, the   Prospector 6, Prospector 7   and   Prospector 8   (collectively, the  Three High-Spec Jackups Under Construction ) by Shanghai Waigaoqiao Ship Co. Ltd. ( SWS ) in China.      In April 2016, we agreed with SWS to an extension of the delivery of the   Prospector 6, Prospector 7   and   Prospector 8   to the second quarter of 2017, the fourth quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2017, respectively.  We are currently in discussions with SWS to further extend each of these delivery dates and have agreed in principle regarding these extensions, but such extensions remain subject to documentation.  Each newbuild has been built pursuant to a contract between one of these subsidiaries and SWS, without our parent company guarantee or other direct recourse to any of our subsidiaries other than the applicable subsidiary.  The Prospector subsidiaries were not included in the Bankruptcy cases. 
  On July 24, 2015, we executed a combined $300 million Sale-Leaseback Transaction with subsidiaries of SinoEnergy (collectively, the  Lessors ) for our two high specification jackup units,   Prospector 1   and   Prospector 5   (collectively, the  Prospector Rigs ).  We sold the Prospector Rigs to the Lessors and immediately leased the Prospector Rigs from the Lessors for a period of five years pursuant to a lease agreement for each Prospector Rig (collectively,  the  Lease Agreements ).  Net of fees and expenses and certain lease prepayments, we received net proceeds of approximately $292 million, including amounts used to fund certain required reserve accounts.  The   Prospector 5   is currently operating under drilling contracts with Total S.A. until November 2017.   The   Prospector 1   ended its contract with Total S.A. in mid-September 2016.  Under the terms of the Lease Agreements, we must obtain a new drilling contract for each rig within 180 days of the prior drilling contract expiring. See Part II, Item 1A,    Risk Factors - If we are unable to obtain a contract for the Prospector 1 on or before March 17, 2017, we will create an event of default under both of the Lease Agreements.  

Contract Drilling Services Backlog 
  We maintain a backlog (as defined below) of commitments for contract drilling services. The following table includes, as of   September 30, 2016  , the amount of our contract drilling services backlog and the percent of available operating days committed for the periods indicated: 

(1)  
    Our backlog of commitments for contract drilling for our floaters as of   September 30, 2016   excludes approximately $143 million of backlog for the   Paragon DPDS3   related to our contract with Petrobras.  Petrobras has contested the term of our drilling contract for the   Paragon DPDS3   in connection with the length of prior shipyard projects relating to the rig. 
              (2) 
    Percent of available days committed is calculated by dividing the total number of days our rigs are operating under contract for such period, or committed days, by the product of the total number of our rigs, including cold-stacked rigs, and the number of calendar days in such period. Committed days do not include the days that a rig is stacked or the days that a rig is expected to be out of service for significant overhaul repairs or maintenance. 
     Our contract drilling services backlog typically reflects estimated future revenues attributable to both signed drilling contracts and letters of intent that we expect to realize. A letter of intent is generally subject to customary conditions, including the execution of a definitive drilling contract. It is possible that some customers that have entered into letters of intent will not enter into signed drilling contracts.  As of   September 30, 2016  , our contract drilling services backlog did not include any letters of intent.  
  We calculate backlog for any given rig and period by multiplying the full contractual operating dayrate for such rig by the number of days remaining in the period. The reported contract drilling services backlog does not include amounts representing revenues for mobilization, demobilization and contract preparation, which are not expected to be significant to our contract drilling services revenues, amounts constituting reimbursables from customers or amounts attributable to uncommitted option periods under drilling contracts. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

The amount of actual revenues earned and the actual periods during which revenues are earned may be materially different than the backlog amounts and backlog periods set forth in the table above due to various factors, including, but not limited to, shipyard and maintenance projects, unplanned downtime, achievement of bonuses, weather conditions and other factors that result in applicable dayrates lower than the full contractual operating dayrate. In addition, amounts included in the backlog may change because drilling contracts may be varied or modified by mutual consent or customers may exercise early termination rights contained in some of our drilling contracts or decline to enter into a drilling contract after executing a letter of intent. As a result, our backlog as of any particular date may not be indicative of our actual revenues for the periods for which the backlog is calculated. 
  
   35 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
  For the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Net loss for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $64 million  , or a loss of   $0.72   per diluted share, on operating revenues of   $125 million  , compared to a net loss for   three months ended September 30, 2015   of   $1,085 million  , or a loss of  $12.46   per diluted share, on operating revenues of   $369 million  . 
  Average Rig Utilization, Operating Days and Average Dayrates 
  Operating results for our contract drilling services segment are dependent on two primary metrics: rig utilization and dayrates. The following table includes the average rig utilization, operating days and average dayrates for our rig fleet for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   (the  Current Quarter ) and for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   (the  Comparable Quarter ): 

(1) 
    We define utilization for a specific period as the total number of days our rigs are operating under contract, divided by the product of the total number of our rigs, including cold-stacked rigs, and the number of calendar days in such period. Information reflects our policy of reporting on the basis of the number of available rigs in our fleet. 
              (2) 
    Information reflects the number of days that our rigs were operating under contract.   
     
   36 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Results 
  The following table sets forth our operating results for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

** Not a meaningful percentage 
  Contract Drilling Services Operating Revenues   Changes in contract drilling services revenues for the Current Quarter as compared to the Comparable Quarter resulted from a   54%   decrease in operating days which negatively impacted revenues by   $203 million  .   This was coupled with a   25%   decrease in average dayrates, which resulted in a   $19 million   decrease in revenues from the Comparable Quarter. 
  The decrease in contract drilling services revenues was attributable to both our floaters and jackups, which experienced decreases of   $102 million   and   $120 million  , respectively, in the Current Quarter as compared to the Comparable Quarter.   
  The decrease in floater revenues of   $102 million   in the Current Quarter was driven by an   84%   decrease in operating days and a   7%   decrease in average dayrates, which resulted in a   $100 million   decrease and a   $2 million   decrease in revenues, respectively, from the Comparable Quarter.  
  The decrease in operating days for our floaters was primarily attributable to   Paragon MDS1, Paragon MSS2   and   Paragon DPDS2  , which were uncontracted for all of the Current Quarter but experienced full utilization in India and Brazil, in the Comparable Quarter.    Paragon MSS1   and   Paragon DPDS3   also experienced a decrease in operating days in the North Sea and Brazil, respectively, in the Current Quarter as compared to the Comparable Quarter.  We experienced an overall decrease in dayrates across our floater fleet.  
  The   $120 million   decrease in jackup revenues in the Current Quarter was driven by a   47%   decrease in operating days which resulted in a   $103 million   decrease in revenues from the Comparable Quarter.  This was coupled with a   15%   decrease in average dayrates, which resulted in a   $17 million   decrease in revenues from the Comparable Quarter.  
  The decrease in jackup operating days was primarily related to   Paragon M825   and   Paragon L782   in West Africa,   Paragon B391   and   Paragon C463   in the North Sea,   Paragon M842   in Mexico and   Paragon L1115   in the Middle East  ,   which     were uncontracted for all of the Current Quarter but experienced full utilization during the Comparable Quarter.  The remaining decrease in operating days is due to   Paragon M826   and   Paragon L783   in West Africa  , Paragon C20052  ,   Paragon HZ1  ,   Paragon C462   and   Prospector 1   in the North Sea  , Paragon L784   in the Middle East and   Paragon M824   and   Paragon M841   in Mexico     which were uncontracted for a portion of the Current Quarter but were contracted for all or a greater portion of the Comparable Quarter.  The decrease in operating days was partially offset by 92 additional operating days in the Current Quarter attributable to   Noble Ed Holt   operating in India in the Current Quarter.   
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

The decrease in jackup average dayrates during the Current Quarter was due to an overall decrease in dayrates across our fleet.  The decrease in average dayrates was offset by the realization of a higher average dayrate on   Prospector 5   operating in the North Sea  . 
  Contract Drilling Services Operating Costs and Expenses     Contract drilling services operating costs and expenses decreased   $105 million   in the Current Quarter as compared to the Comparable Quarter due to reduced operating days across our fleet as well as cost reduction initiatives implemented across our operations. 
  Labor Contract Drilling Services Operating Revenues and Costs and Expenses     The decline in revenues associated with our Canadian labor contract drilling services was primarily related to the termination of labor contract with Hibernia Management and Development Ltd. in June 2016.  Expenses associated with our labor contract drilling services remained relatively constant. 
  Reimbursables Operating Revenues and Costs and Expenses     We record reimbursements from customers for out-of-pocket expenses as operating revenues and the related direct costs as operating expenses.  Margin on our reimbursables increased in the Current Quarter primarily related to a greater portion of our reimbursables attributable to catering services.  Changes in the amount of these reimbursables generally do not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Depreciation and Amortization     The   $46 million   decrease in depreciation and amortization in the Current Quarter was primarily attributable to lower depreciation on assets subject to the impairment charges taken in the third and fourth quarters of 2015. 
  General and Administrative     General and administrative expenses decreased   $1 million   in the Current Quarter as compared to the Comparable Quarter primarily due to cost reduction initiatives implemented across the Company. 
  Loss on Impairment   - In the Comparable Quarter, as a result of the identification of certain indicators of impairment, we performed an impairment assessment of our rig fleet and resultantly recorded an impairment loss of $1.1 billion on five floaters, sixteen jackups and deposits related to the Three High-Spec Jackups Under Construction.     In addition, we determined goodwill was impaired and recorded an impairment loss of $37 million during the Comparable Quarter. 
  Other Expenses 
  Income tax provision     Our income tax provision increased   $57 million   in the Current Quarter compared to the Comparable Quarter, primarily related to the underlying changes in the profitability/loss associated with our operations in various jurisdictions and certain discrete tax items. 
  Reorganization items, net     The Company uses  Reorganization items, net  to reflect the net revenues, expenses, gains and losses that are the direct result of the reorganization of the business.  Reorganization items of   $17 million   primarily relate to professional fees for legal and financial advisors incurred in connection with preparation and handling of the Bankruptcy cases.  (See Note 9,    Reorganization Items    for additional detail). 

38 

Table of Contents  

For the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Net loss for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $94 million  , or a loss of   $1.08   per diluted share, on operating revenues of   $575 million  , compared to a net loss for   nine months ended September 30, 2015   of   $976 million  , or a loss of   $11.39   per diluted share, on operating revenues of   $1.2 billion  . 
  Average Rig Utilization, Operating Days and Average Dayrates 
  Operating results for our contract drilling services segment are dependent on two primary metrics: rig utilization and dayrates. The following table includes the average rig utilization, operating days and average dayrates for our rig fleet for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   (the  Current Period ) and for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   (the  Comparable Period ): 

(1) 
    We define utilization for a specific period as the total number of days our rigs are operating under contract, divided by the product of the total number of our rigs, including cold-stacked rigs, and the number of calendar days in such period. Information reflects our policy of reporting on the basis of the number of available rigs in our fleet. 
              (2) 
    Information reflects the number of days that our rigs were operating under contract.   
     
   39 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Results 
  The following table sets forth our operating results for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

** Not a meaningful percentage 
  Contract Drilling Services Operating Revenues   Changes in contract drilling services revenues for the Current Period as compared to the Comparable Period were driven by a   46%   decrease in operating days which negatively impacted revenues by   $549 million  .  This was coupled with a   14%   decrease in average dayrates which decreased revenues by   $37 million  .  
  The decrease in contract drilling services revenues was attributable to both our floaters and jackups, which experienced decreases of   $240 million   and   $346 million  , respectively, in the Current Period as compared to the Comparable Period.   
  The decrease in floater revenues of   $240 million   in the Current Period was driven by a   70%   decrease in operating days partially offset by a   10%   increase in average dayrates which resulted in a   $251 million   decrease and a   $11 million   increase in revenues, respectively, from the Comparable Period.  
  The decrease in operating days for our floaters was primarily attributable to   Paragon MDS1   and   Paragon DPDS2  , which were uncontracted for all of the Current Period but experienced full utilization in India and Brazil, respectively, in the Comparable Period.   Paragon MSS1,     Paragon MSS2   and   Paragon DPDS3   also experienced a decrease in operating days in the North Sea, Brazil and Brazil, respectively, in the Current Period as compared to the Comparable Period.  The overall increase in average dayrates in the Current Period resulted from additional revenue earned for unused shipyard days upon contract completion of   Paragon MSS2   in the second quarter of 2016.  
  The   $346 million   decrease in jackup revenues in the Current Period was driven by a   40%   decrease in jackup operating days which resulted in a   $298 million   decrease in revenues.  This was coupled with a   11%   decrease in average dayrates which resulted in decreased revenues of   $48 million   from the Comparable Period.  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

The decrease in jackup operating days was primarily related to   Paragon L782   in West Africa and   Paragon L1115   in the Middle East, which     were uncontracted for all of the Current Period but experienced full utilization during the Comparable Period. The decrease in operating days is also related to the rigs operating in Mexico,   Paragon M841, Paragon M824, Paragon B301, Paragon L1113, Paragon L781, Paragon M842,   and   Paragon M821   which were uncontracted for a portion of the Current Period but were contracted for all or a greater portion of the Comparable Period.  The remaining decrease in operating days is due to   Paragon L785   operating in Southeast Asia,   Paragon M825   and   Paragon L783   operating in West Africa  ,     Dhabi II    operating in the Middle East, and   Paragon C462  ,   Paragon C463  ,   Paragon C20051  ,   Paragon HZ1, Paragon B391, Paragon C20052     and Prospector 1   operating in the North Sea     which were uncontracted for a portion of the Current Period but were contracted for all or a greater portion of the Comparable Period.  The decrease in operating days was partially offset by 321 additional operating days in the Current Period attributable to   Paragon L784  ,   Paragon M1161   and   Paragon L786   operating in the Middle East and 169 additional operating days in the Current Period attributable to   Noble Ed Holt   operating in India.   
  The decrease in jackup average dayrates during the Current Period was due to an overall decrease in dayrates across our fleet.  The decrease in average dayrates was offset by the realization of higher dayrates on contracts for   Paragon M842   operating in Mexico,   Paragon M826   in West Africa and   Prospector 5   operating in the North Sea  . 
  Contract Drilling Services Operating Costs and Expenses     Contract drilling services operating costs and expenses decreased   $323 million   in the Current Period as compared to the Comparable Period was due to reduced operating days across our fleet as well as cost reduction initiatives implemented across our operations. 
  Labor Contract Drilling Services Operating Revenues and Costs and Expenses     The decline in revenues and expenses associated with our Canadian labor contract drilling services was primarily related to the termination of labor contract with Hibernia Management and Development Ltd. in June 2016.  
  Reimbursables Operating Revenues and Costs and Expenses     Margin on our reimbursable remained relatively constant.  We record reimbursements from customers for out-of-pocket expenses as operating revenues and the related direct costs as operating expenses.  Changes in the amount of these reimbursables generally do not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Reimbursables in both the Current Period and Comparable Period include the services we provided to Noble in Brazil, on a cost-plus basis, as part of the Transition Services Agreement entered into in connection with the Spin-Off. We provided both rig-based and shore-based support services to Noble through the term of Noble s rig contract pursuant to the transition service agreement for Brazil. Noble s contract in Brazil and the services provided by us concluded in the second quarter of 2016  (See Note 16,   Commitments and Contingencies    for additional detail). 
  Depreciation and Amortization     The   $99 million   decrease in depreciation and amortization in the Current Period was primarily attributable to lower depreciation on assets subject to the impairment charges taken in the third and fourth quarters of 2015. 
  General and Administrative     General and administrative expenses decreased   $8 million   in the Current Period as compared to the Comparable Period primarily due to cost reduction initiatives implemented across the Company. 
  Loss on Impairment   - In the Comparable Period, as a result of the identification of certain indicators of impairment, we performed an impairment assessment of our rig fleet and resultantly recorded an impairment loss of $1.1 billion on five floaters, sixteen jackups and deposits related to the Three High-Spec Jackups Under Construction.     In addition, we determined goodwill was impaired and recorded an impairment loss of $37 million during the Comparable Period. 
  Gain on sale of assets     Gain on sale of assets during the Comparable Period was attributable to the sale of the Paragon M822 to an unrelated third party during the first quarter of 2015 partially offset by a loss on the sale of drill pipe during the second quarter of 2015. 
  Gain on repurchase of long-term debt     In the Comparable Period, we repurchased and canceled an aggregate principal amount of $11 million of our senior notes at an aggregate cost of $7 million including accrued interest.  As a result of the repurchases, we recognized a total gain on debt retirement, net of the write-off of issuance costs, of approximately $4 million in the Comparable Period. 
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

Other Expenses 
  Income tax provision     Our income tax provision increased   $68 million   in the Current Period compared to the Comparable Period, primarily related to the underlying changes in the profitability/loss associated with our operations in various jurisdictions and certain discrete tax items. 
  Reorganization items, net     The Company uses  Reorganization items, net  to reflect the net revenues, expenses, gains and losses that are the direct result of the reorganization of the business.  Reorganization items of   $57 million   in the Current Period primarily relate to professional fees for legal and financial advisors incurred in connection with preparation and handling of the Bankruptcy cases.  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , the Company paid cash of approximately   $31 million   for reorganization items.  (See Note 9,    Reorganization Items    for additional detail). 

Non-GAAP Performance Measure: Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K, Regulation G, General Rules Regarding Disclosure of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and other SEC regulations define and prescribe the conditions for use of certain Non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( Non-GAAP ) financial measures.  We use the Non-GAAP measure Adjusted EBITDA.  We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before taxes plus interest expense, depreciation and amortization, losses on impairments, foreign currency losses and reorganization items, less gains on the sale of assets, interest income and foreign currency gains.  Adjusted EBITDA, as used and defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income, net income or loss, cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities, or other income or cash flow statement data prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  However, we believe Adjusted EBITDA is useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because this measure: (1) is used by investors in our industry to measure a company s operating performance without regard to items excluded from the calculation of such term, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired, among other factors; (2) helps investors and creditors to more meaningfully evaluate and compare the results of our operations from period to period by removing the effect of certain non-recurring transactions, our capital structure and asset base from its operating structure; and (3) is used by our management as a basis for strategic planning and forecasting. There are significant limitations to using Adjusted EBITDA as a measure of performance, including the inability to analyze the effect of certain recurring and non-recurring items that materially affect our net income or loss, and the lack of comparability of results of operations of different companies. 
  The reconciliation from net loss to Adjusted EBITDA is as follows: 

42 

Table of Contents  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES    
  Going Concern 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and contemplate the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.  Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon our development of a plan of reorganization, approval of the plan by the Bankruptcy Court and our creditors, and our ability to successfully implement a plan of reorganization.  This represents a material uncertainty related to events and conditions that raises substantial doubt on our ability to continue as a going concern and, therefore, we may be unable to realize our assets and discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business.   
  During the period that we are operating as debtors-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, we may sell or otherwise dispose of or liquidate assets or settle liabilities, subject to the approval of the Bankruptcy Court or as otherwise permitted in the ordinary course of business (and subject to restrictions in our debt agreements), for amounts other than those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Further, any reorganization plan could materially change the amounts and classifications of assets and liabilities reported in the consolidated financial statements.  The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities or any other adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 
  Financial Resources and Liquidity Overview 
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations, any future financing arrangements, and equity issuances, subject to the restrictions in our Debt Facilities. Our principal uses of liquidity will be to fund our operating expenditures and capital expenditures, including major projects, upgrades and replacements to drilling equipment and to service our outstanding indebtedness. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had available liquidity in cash and cash equivalents of   $880 million  . 
  The table below includes a summary of our cash flow information for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  :   

Changes in cash flows from operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   are driven by the overall decrease in our business activity (see discussion of changes in net loss in  Results of Operations  above).  Changes in cash flows used in investing activities are dependent upon our level of capital expenditures, which varies based on the timing of projects.  Cash used for capital expenditures totaled   $45 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $169 million   during the same period of   2015  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our net cash from investing activities was impacted by an increase in restricted cash related to cash collateral for an outstanding performance bond and reserve requirements on the Sale-Leaseback Transaction. Changes in cash flows used in financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   are due to reduction of debt payment activity during the bankruptcy proceedings, except for repayments on our Sale-Leaseback Transaction.  
  Our currently anticipated cash flow needs, both in the short-term and long-term, may include the following: 
             
    normal recurring operating expenses;  
                
    committed capital expenditures;  
                
    discretionary capital expenditures, including various capital upgrades; and 
     
   43 

     Table of Contents  

service of outstanding indebtedness, including mandatory pre-payments. 
     We currently expect to fund these cash flow needs with cash generated by our operations, available cash balances, or asset sales as allowed under our credit agreements. 
  Revolving Credit Facility, Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes   
  See Part 1, Note 7 -   Debt      for descriptions of our debt instruments. 
  In December 2015, we drew down substantially all of the available borrowing capacity under our Revolving Credit Facility to preserve liquidity.  On January 15, 2016 we elected to defer an interest payment of approximately $15 million due on our 6.75% senior unsecured notes maturing July 2022, and to operate under the 30-day grace period provided for in the notes indenture. We utilized the 30-day grace period to continue negotiations with our stakeholders and prepare for an in-court restructuring.  Accordingly, under the direction of an independent committee of our Board of Directors, on February 12, 2016, we entered into the PSA relating to a plan of reorganization.   
  On February 12, 2016, the Debtors entered into a plan support agreement (the  PSA ) relating to a plan of reorganization (the  Plan ) pursuant to chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code with holders (the  Noteholder Group ) representing an aggregate of   77%   of the outstanding   $457 million   of our   6.75%   senior unsecured notes maturing July 2022 (the  2022 Senior Notes ) and the outstanding   $527 million   of our   7.25%   senior unsecured notes maturing August 2024 (the  2024 Senior Notes ) together with lenders (the  Revolver Group ) representing an aggregate of   96%   of the amounts outstanding (including letters of credit) under our Revolving Credit Agreement.   
  On February 14, 2016, the Debtors filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court (the  Bankruptcy cases ).    
  On April 6, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved the Company s disclosure statement, which included a revised plan.   
  On August 5, 2016, we reached an agreement in principle with an ad hoc committee of the holders of our Senior Notes ( Noteholders ) and a steering committee of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility ( Revolver Lenders ) for a proposed amendment to the PSA (the  PSA Amendment ), which among other things, provides for an extension of certain milestone dates and contains amendments to the Plan and disclosure statement.   
  Additionally, on August 5, 2016, the Debtors filed an amended and restated plan of reorganization (the  Amended Plan ) and a supplemental disclosure statement (the  Supplemental Disclosure Statement ) with the Bankruptcy Court.  On August 10, 2016, the Company received signatures to the PSA amendment from 100% of the Revolver Lenders.  Together with the signatures already received from the Noteholders of approximately   69%   in principal amount of our Senior Notes, the PSA Amendment became effective as of August 5, 2016. 
  On October 28, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court issued an oral ruling denying confirmation of the Debtors  Amended Plan.  Paragon is currently evaluating its potential courses of action.  As a result of the Bankruptcy Court not confirming the Debtors  Amended Plan on or before October 31, 2016, the Noteholders and the Revolver Lenders each have the right to terminate the PSA upon three business days  notice. 
  For additional discussion of the risks associated with our indebtedness and current issues, see Part I, Item 1A,    Risk Factors - Risk Factors Related to Our Restructuring    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Meeting Our Liquidity Needs 
  We have initiated actions designed to improve our liquidity position by giving priority to generating cash flows, including cost and capital expenditure reductions, while maintaining our long-term commitment to providing high quality services.  During the pendency of the Bankruptcy cases and upon emergence from bankruptcy, we expect that our primary sources of liquidity will continue to be cash on hand and cash flows from operations.  In addition to the cash requirements to fund ongoing operations, we have incurred and continue to incur significant professional fees and other costs in connection with preparation and handling of the Bankruptcy cases.  We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant professional fees and costs for the pendency of the Bankruptcy cases.  Pursuant to the terms of the PSA and the Term Loan Agreement, we are obligated to pay the reasonable fees and costs of specified legal and financial advisors to each of the creditor parties to the PSA and the Term Loan agent. 
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

For additional discussion, see Part I, Item 1A,    Risk Factors - Risk Factors Related to Our Restructuring    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Capital Expenditures  
  Cash used for capital expenditures, including capitalized interest, totaled   $45 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   $169 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . In connection with our capital expenditure program, we have outstanding commitments, including shipyard and purchases commitments of approximately   $592 million   and   $632 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  Our shipyard and purchase commitments consist of obligations outstanding to external vendors primarily related to future capital purchases and the construction of the   Three   High-Spec Jackups Under Construction by SWS in China.  Our outstanding shipyard commitments include   $579 million  , of which   $192 million   is due in 2016 for the   Prospector 7   and   $387 million   is due in 2017 for the   Prospector 6   and the   Prospector 8.    In April 2016, we agreed with SWS to an extension of the delivery of the   Prospector 6, Prospector 7   and   Prospector 8    to the second quarter of 2017, the fourth quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2017, respectively. We are currently in discussions with SWS to further extend each of these delivery dates and have agreed in principle regarding these extensions, but such extensions remain subject to documentation.  Each newbuild has been built pursuant to a contract between one of these subsidiaries and SWS, without our parent company guarantee or other direct recourse to any of our subsidiaries other than the applicable subsidiary. 
   Factors that could cause actual capital expenditures to materially exceed plan include delays and cost overruns in shipyards (including costs attributable to labor shortages), shortages of equipment, latent damage or deterioration to hull, equipment and machinery in excess of engineering estimates and assumptions, changes in governmental regulations and requirements and changes in design criteria or specifications during repair or construction. 
  Future Capital Expenditures 
  As discussed above, we have made, and expect to continue to make, investments in capital expenditures.  Subject to our liquidity limitations, we expect remaining investments in 2016 to be primarily for expenditures to extend the useful life of our rigs. 
  Dividends 
  In February 2015, we announced that we were suspending the declaration and payment of dividends for the foreseeable future in order to preserve liquidity. 
  The declaration and payment of dividends require authorization of our board of directors, provided that such dividends on issued share capital may be paid only out of Paragon Offshore plc s  distributable reserves      on its statutory balance sheet.  Paragon Offshore plc is not permitted to pay dividends out of share capital, which includes share premiums.  We had no distributable reserves as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  Any determination to declare a dividend, as well as the amount of any dividend that may be declared, will be based on our board of directors  consideration of our financial position, earnings, outlook, capital spending plans, outlook on current and future market conditions and business needs and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant factors at that time. 
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
  We have no off-balance sheet arrangements as that term is defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
  For additional information about our commitments and contractual obligations as of   December 31, 2015  , see    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Commitments and Contractual Obligations    in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  In April 2016, we agreed with SWS to an extension of the delivery of the   Prospector 6, Prospector 7,   and   Prospector 8   to the second quarter of 2017, the fourth quarter of 2016 and the second quarter of 2017, respectively.  Our outstanding capital commitments of   $579 million  , of which   $192 million   is due in 2016 for the   Prospector 7   and   $387 million   is due in 2017 for the   Prospector 6   and   Prospector 8  .  We are currently in discussions with SWS to further extend each of these delivery dates and have agreed in principle regarding these extensions, but such extensions remain subject to documentation.  See Note 7,    Debt    for our capital lease obligations resulting from the Sale-Leaseback Transaction and minimum rent payments. 
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
     Our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are impacted by the accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  The significant accounting policies and estimates below update and supplement those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Reorganization Accounting 
  In connection with filing chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code on February 14, 2016, the Company is subject to the requirements of FASB ASC 852,   Reorganizations   ( ASC 852 )  .    ASC 852 is applicable to companies under bankruptcy protection and requires amendments to the presentation of key financial statement line items.  ASC 852 generally does not change the manner in which financial statements are prepared.  However, it does require that the financial statements for periods subsequent to the filing of the Bankruptcy cases distinguish transactions and events that are directly associated with the reorganization from the ongoing operations of the business.   
  Revenues, expenses, realized gains and losses, and provisions for losses that can be directly associated with the reorganization of the business must be reported separately as reorganization items in the consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  The balance sheet must distinguish pre-petition liabilities subject to compromise from both those pre-petition liabilities that are not subject to compromise and from post-petition liabilities. Liabilities that may be affected by the plan of reorganization must be reported at the amounts expected to be allowed by the Bankruptcy Court, even if they may be settled for lesser amounts as a result of the plan of reorganization. See Note 9 -    Reorganization Items    for cash paid for reorganization items in the consolidated statements of cash flows. 
  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 
  We utilize the specific identification method for establishing and maintaining allowances for doubtful accounts.  We review accounts receivable on a quarterly basis to determine the reasonableness of the allowance.  The Company monitors the accounts receivable from its customers for any collectability issues.  An allowance for doubtful accounts is established based on reviews of individual customer accounts, recent loss experience, current economic conditions, and other pertinent factors.   
  Our allowance for doubtful accounts was   $34 million   and   $44 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  We had   no   recoveries for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , and   $6 million   of recoveries for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to bad debt expense of   $12 million   and   $27 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively.   Bad debt expense and recoveries are reported as a component of  Contract drilling services operating costs and expenses  in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  See Part 1, Note 2 -   New Accounting Pronouncements      for our new accounting pronouncements. 
  
   46 

Table of Contents  

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes  forward-looking statements . All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report are forward-looking statements, including statements regarding contract backlog, fleet status, our financial position, our ability to implement a plan of reorganization, the Bankruptcy cases, business strategy, taxes, timing or results of acquisitions or dispositions, repayment of debt, borrowings under our credit facilities or other instruments, future capital expenditures, contract commitments, dayrates, contract commencements, extension or renewals, contract tenders, the outcome of any dispute, litigation, audit or investigation, plans and objectives of management for future operations, foreign currency requirements, indemnity and other contract claims, construction and upgrade of rigs, industry conditions, access to financing, impact of competition, governmental regulations and permitting, availability of labor, worldwide economic conditions, taxes and tax rates, indebtedness covenant compliance, dividends and distributable reserves, and timing for compliance with any new regulations.  When used in this report, the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan,   project,   should  and similar expressions are intended to be among the statements that identify forward-looking statements.  Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that such expectations will prove to be correct. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report on Form 10-Q and we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law.   These factors include those referenced or described in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors      of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the SEC.  Such risks and uncertainties are beyond our control, and in many cases, we cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. You should consider these risks and uncertainties when you are evaluating us. 

47 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     Market risk is the potential for loss from a change in the value of a financial instrument as a result of fluctuations in interest rates or currency exchange rates, as further described below.  
  Interest Rate Risk  
  For variable rate debt, interest rate changes generally do not affect the fair market value of such debt, but do impact future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. We are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in interest rates on borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and Term Loan Facility.  While the balance of our Revolving Credit Facility and unamortized deferred debt issuance costs are classified as liabilities subject to compromise, we continue to pay interest on the Revolving Credit Facility in the ordinary course of business based on Bankruptcy Court approval.  Paragon also continues to make interest payments on its Term Loan Facility in the ordinary course of business. 
  Interest on borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility is at an agreed upon applicable margin over adjusted LIBOR, or base rate plus such applicable margin as stated in the agreement.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $709 million   borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility.  A 1% change in the interest rate on the floating rate debt would impact our annual earnings and cash flows by approximately   $7 million  . 
  Interest on borrowings under our Term Loan Facility is at an agreed upon percentage point spread over adjusted LIBOR (subject to a 1% floor), or base rate as stated in the agreement.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $635 million   in borrowings outstanding under our Term Loan Facility, net of unamortized discount.  Since we are currently subject to the 1% LIBOR floor, our Term Loan Facility effectively bears interest at a fixed interest rate.  The fair value of our Term Loan Facility was approximately   $152 million   as of   September 30, 2016  .  Related interest expense for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was approximately   $9 million   and   $24 million  , respectively.  Holding other variables constant (such as debt levels), a 1% increase in interest rates would increase our annual interest expense by approximately   $6 million  .  
  Our Senior Notes bear interest at a fixed interest rate and fair value will fluctuate based on changes in prevailing market interest rates and market perceptions of our credit risk.  The fair value of our Senior Notes was approximately   $278 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to the carrying value of   $984 million  . 
  Foreign Currency Risk 
  Although we are a U.K. company, we define foreign currency as any non-U.S. denominated currency. Our functional currency is primarily the U.S. dollar. However, outside the United States, a portion of our expenses are incurred in local currencies, including Brazilian real, euro, and pound sterling. Therefore, when the U.S. dollar weakens (strengthens) in relation to the currencies of the countries in which we operate, our expenses reported in U.S. dollars will increase (decrease).  
  The majority of our service contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, but occasionally all or a portion of a contract is payable in local currency.  To the extent there is a local currency component in a contract, we attempt to match revenue in the local currency to the operating costs paid in the local currency such as local labor, shore base expenses, and local taxes, if any, in order to minimize foreign currency fluctuation impact.  We are exposed to risks on future cash flows to the extent that local currency expenses exceed revenues denominated in local currencies that are other than the U.S. dollar. To help manage this potential risk, we may periodically enter into derivative instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and we may conduct hedging activities in future periods to mitigate such exposure. These contracts are primarily accounted for as cash flow hedges, with the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the hedge recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in AOCL.  Amounts recorded in AOCL are reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods that the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  The ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the hedged item is recorded directly to earnings.  We have documented policies and procedures to monitor and control the use of derivative instruments.  We do not engage in derivative transactions for speculative or trading purposes, nor are we a party to leveraged derivatives. 
  Our North Sea and Brazil operations have a significant amount of their cash operating expenses payable in local currencies.  To limit the potential risk of currency fluctuations, we may periodically enter into forward contracts, all of which would have a maturity of less than 12 months and would settle monthly in the operations  respective local currencies.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had no outstanding derivative contracts.  Depending on market conditions, we may elect to utilize short-term forward currency contracts in the future. 

48 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Randall D. Stilley, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director of Paragon, and Steven A. Manz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Paragon, with the participation of our management, have evaluated the disclosure controls and procedures of Paragon as of the end of the period covered by this report. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based on their evaluation as of   September 30, 2016  , our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

49 

Table of Contents  

PART II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
      
           ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
     Information regarding legal proceedings is set forth in Note 1 -    Organization, Basis of Presentation and Current Events    and      Note 16,      Commitments and Contingencies      to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in Item I, Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were involved in a number of lawsuits and matters which have arisen in the ordinary course of business for which we do not expect the liability, if any, to have a material adverse effect on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  We cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of pending or threatened litigation or legal proceedings.  There can be no assurance that our beliefs or expectations as to the outcome or effect of any lawsuit or other matters will prove correct and the eventual outcome could materially differ from management s current estimates. 
  On August 23, 2016, we received notice from the Brazilian Institute of Environment and Renewable Natural Resources ( IBAMA ) regarding an infraction that occurred on a Noble vessel operated by our subsidiary prior to the Spin Off. The infraction related to an incident onboard the Noble Dave Beard in May 2011 regarding the discharge of oil into the sea and the subsequent communication to IBAMA regarding such discharge. We filed an administrative defense to the infraction on September 12, 2016. As the incident related to a Noble vessel prior to the Spin Off, we intend to seek indemnification from Noble with respect to any fines assessed by IBAMA regarding this incident pursuant to the Brazil TSA. 
   
           ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
     Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  For additional information about our risk factors see the risks described in Part I, Item 1A,    Risk Factors  ,  of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Risks relating to the Bankruptcy Court s denial of confirmation of the Amended Plan 
  As a result of the Bankruptcy Court s denial of confirmation of the Amended Plan, there is a risk as to our ability to develop an alternative plan of reorganization, obtain requisite creditor approval of such alternative plan and obtain confirmation of such alternative plan by the Bankruptcy Court.  If we are unable to do so, we may have to liquidate the Company.  Additionally, if we are unable to confirm an alternative plan that is substantially similar to the Amended Plan, the Noble Settlement will not become effective unless Noble consents to modify or waive such conditions. 
  Trading in our securities during the pendency of our bankruptcy proceedings is extremely speculative and poses substantial risks. Since the Bankruptcy Court denied the confirmation of our Amended Plan, there is a possibility that under a new plan of reorganization, all of our existing common shares could be cancelled without consideration, and therefore no longer tradeable, and holders of such common shares would not be entitled to receive any distributions, interest or other property for their common shares.     
    
  Trading in securities of an issuer during pendency of bankruptcy proceedings is extremely speculative and there is significant risk that investors will lose their entire investment. We have not developed an alternative plan of reorganization after the Bankruptcy Court denied confirmation of our Amended Plan.  An alternative plan of reorganization may include the cancellation of all of our existing common shares without consideration.  The holders of our common shares would not be entitled to receive any distributions, interest or other property, rendering such common shares worthless. We cannot estimate how much time would pass before we can file an alternative plan of reorganization.  We cannot estimate how such an alternative plan could affect the Company and its security holders.  As a result, there is substantial risk that holders of our existing common shares would recover nothing for their investment. We caution and urge existing and future investors to carefully consider these and other risks with respect to investments in our common shares and other securities or claims. 
    
  The February 14, 2016 filing for bankruptcy by Paragon Offshore plc constituted an event of default under our Lease Agreements for the Prospector 1 and Prospector 5.  
    
  The commencement of proceedings under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code by Paragon Offshore plc constituted an event of default under the Lease Agreements for the Prospector 1 and the Prospector 5. If the Lessors do not continue to forbear taking action or grant us a waiver with respect to this event of default, we will be in default under both the Lease Agreement for the Prospector 1 and the Lease Agreement for the Prospector 5 and would have to consider commencing a Chapter 11 proceeding for the applicable Prospector entity. As a result, all rent amounts outstanding under the Lease Agreements (the  Outstanding Lease Balances ) will become immediately due and payable. In addition to the Outstanding Lease Balances, the following will also become due and payable: (i) a fee representing 3% of the Outstanding Lease Balances and (ii) any broken funding costs  
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

incurred by the Lessors (together with the Outstanding Lease Balances, the  Termination Fee ). If we are unable to pay the Termination Fee within three (3) calendar months of becoming due, the Lessors will have the right to sell the Prospector Rigs through a transparent sale process.  
    
  We may have significant financial commitments with respect to three newbuild high specification jackup rigs under construction. 
  In connection with our acquisition of Prospector, we acquired subsidiaries that contracted for the construction of three newbuild high specification jackup rigs by Shanghai Waigaoqiao Ship Co. Ltd. ( SWS ) in China.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had purchase commitments of   $579 million  , of which   $192 million   is due in 2016 and   $387 million   is due in 2017, on the construction of three high-specification jackup rigs related to the Prospector Acquisition, the   Prospector 6, Prospector 7   and   Prospector 8,   or collectively the  Three High-Spec Jackups Under Construction .  The delivery of these newbuild rigs has been rescheduled to the second quarter of 2017, the fourth quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2017, respectively. 
  Each of these rigs is being built pursuant to a contract between a subsidiary of Prospector and the shipyard, without a Paragon parent company guarantee or other direct recourse to any other subsidiary of Paragon other than the applicable subsidiary.  In the event we are unable to extend delivery of any of the Three High-Spec Jackups Under Construction, we will lose ownership of the applicable rig, at which time, the associated costs (primarily representing down-payments on these rigs) will be forfeited.  These subsidiaries have currently pre-paid to SWS 1%, 7% and 7%, respectively, of the purchase price for each newbuild pursuant to the contracts with SWS. Upon delivery, these subsidiaries will be required to pay the remaining purchase price in full for the newbuild being delivered, or   $195 million  ,   $192 million   and   $192 million  , respectively.  
  Taking delivery of the newbuilds will require each of these subsidiaries to secure additional capital to finance the remaining purchase price, which they may not be able to obtain at all or on commercially acceptable terms.  Such financing may be increasingly difficult to secure during the pendency of the Bankruptcy cases.  Any financing may also be contingent upon securing a drilling contract for such newbuild.  Should one of these subsidiaries ultimately not accept delivery for a newbuild for any reason, they will forfeit any pre-paid portion of the purchase price to SWS, including any amounts paid in connection with any extensions of delivery.  In addition, SWS could pursue a contractual claim against our subsidiary holding the applicable newbuild contract for the remaining purchase price of such newbuild.  While SWS has no contractual recourse to any of our subsidiaries other than these subsidiaries holding the SWS contracts, if a court of competent jurisdiction finds that one or more of our other subsidiaries who are not party to such contracts are liable to SWS, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  If we are unable obtain a contract for the Prospector 1 on or before March 17, 2017, we will create an event of default under both of the Lease Agreements.  
  On September 12, 2016, the current contract for the   Prospector 1   concluded. Under the Lease Agreement, we have 180 days, or until March 17, 2017, to obtain a new contract for the   Prospector 1   unless we are able to obtain a waiver from the Lessors. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining a new contract or a waiver from the Lessors, we will be in default under both the Lease Agreement for the   Prospector 1   and the Lease Agreement for the   Prospector 5  . As a result, the outstanding lease balances will become immediately due and payable. In addition to the Outstanding Lease Balances, the following will also become due and payable: (i) a fee representing 3% of the Outstanding Lease Balances and (ii) any broken funding costs incurred by the Lessors (together with the Outstanding Lease Balances, the  Termination Fee ). If we are unable to pay the Termination Fee within three (3) calendar months of becoming due, the Lessors will have the right to sell the Prospector Rigs through a transparent sale process. 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 
     The information required by this Item 6 is set forth in the Index to Exhibits accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   51 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES  
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
  Paragon Offshore plc  , a company registered under the laws of England and Wales 
                   /s/ Randall D. Stilley 
      
    November 9, 2016 
      Randall D. Stilley 
      
    Date 
      President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Steven A. Manz 
      
    November 9, 2016 
      Steven A. Manz 
      
    Date 
      Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Alejandra Veltmann 
      
    November 9, 2016 
      Alejandra Veltmann 
      
    Date 
      Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

52 

Table of Contents  

Index to Exhibits  
                         Number 
      
    Description 
      
      2.1 
      
    Master Separation Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, between Noble Corporation and Paragon Offshore plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      3.1 
      
    Articles of Association of Paragon Offshore plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 29, 2014). 
      
      4.1 
      
    Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 17, 2014 among Paragon Offshore Limited, Paragon International Finance Company, the Lenders from time to time parties thereto; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and an Issuing Bank; Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Barclays Bank PLC, as Syndication Agents; and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Barclays Bank PLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Lead Bookrunners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Paragon Offshore Limited s Registration Statement on Form 10  filed on July 3, 2014). 
      
      4.2 
      
    Indenture, dated as of July 18, 2014, by and among Paragon Offshore plc, the guarantors listed therein, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., as paying agent and transfer agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2014). 
      
      4.3 
      
    Senior Secured Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2014, by and among Paragon Offshore plc, as parent guarantor, Paragon Offshore Finance Company, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 22, 2014). 
      
      10.1 
      
    Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, between Noble Corporation plc and Paragon Offshore plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.2 
      
    Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, between Noble Corporation and Paragon Offshore plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.3 
      
    Transition Services Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2014, between Noble Corporation and Paragon Offshore plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.4 
      
    Transition Services Agreement (Brazil), dated as of July 31, 2014, among Paragon Offshore do Brasil Limitada, Paragon Offshore (Nederland) B.V., Paragon Offshore plc, Noble Corporation, Noble Dave Beard Limited and Noble Drilling (Nederland) II B.V. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.5  
      
    Paragon Offshore plc 2014 Employee Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.6  
      
    Paragon Offshore plc 2014 Director Omnibus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.7  
      
    Paragon Grandfathered 401(k) Savings Restoration Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.8  
      
    Paragon 401(k) Savings Restoration Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.9  
      
    Form of Deeds of Indemnity between Paragon Offshore plc and certain directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2014). 
      
      10.10  
      
    Paragon Offshore Services LLC 2014 Short-Term Incentive Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2014). 
      
      10.11  
      
    Form of Change of Control Agreement between Paragon Offshore plc and certain officers thereof (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2014). 
      
      10.12  
      
    Form of Performance Vested Restricted Stock Unit Replacement Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Paragon Offshore plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 29, 2014). 
      
      10.13  
      
    Form of Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Replacement Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Paragon Offshore plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 29, 2014). 
      
      10.14  
      
    Form of Employee Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Paragon Offshore plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 29, 2014). 
      
      10.15  
      
    Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Paragon Offshore plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 29, 2014). 
      
      10.16 
      
    Form of Share Purchase Agreement, dated November 17, 2014, between Paragon Offshore plc and each seller party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2014). 
      
      10.17  
      
    Paragon Offshore Executive Bonus Plan, dated February 19, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2015). 
      
      10.18  
      
    Form of Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2015). 
      
      10.19  
      
    Form of Performance Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 25, 2015). 
      
      10.20  
      
    Paragon Offshore plc 2014 Employee Omnibus Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated) (Filed as Annex A to Paragon Offshore plc s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on March 20, 2015). 
      
      10.21  
      
    Paragon Offshore plc 2014 Director Omnibus Plan (Amended and Restated) (Filed as Annex B to Paragon Offshore plc s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on March 20, 2015). 
      
      10.22 
      
    Lease Agreement in Respect of Prospector 1 dated June 3, 2015, by and between Prospector One Corporation, as Lessor, and Prospector Rig 1 Contracting Company S.  r.l., as Lessee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2015). 
      
      10.23 
      
    Lease Agreement in Respect of Prospector 5 dated June 3, 2015, by and between Prospector Five Corporation, as Lessor, and Prospector Rig 5 Contracting Company S.  r.l., as Lessee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2015). 
      
      10.24  
      
    Form of Key Employee Retention Plan Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 30, 2015). 
      
      10.25 
      
    Term Sheet Regarding Noble Settlement, dated February 11, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2016). 
      
      10.26 
      
    Plan Support Agreement, dated February 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2016). 
      
      10.27 
      
    Noble Settlement Agreement, dated April 29, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2016). 
      
      10.28  
      
    2016 Paragon Offshore plc Short-Term Incentive Plan 
      
      10.29 
      
    Amendment to Plan Support Agreement, dated August 5, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2016). 
      
      10.30 
      
    Term Sheet Regarding Amendment to Noble Settlement Agreement, dated August 5, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Paragon Offshore plc s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2016). 
      
      31.1* 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      
      31.2* 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      
      32.1** 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      
      32.2** 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      
      101* 
      
    Interactive Data Files 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
              ** 
    Furnished herewith.  
                
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
     
   53 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2016q3exhibit311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

Paragon Offshore plc  , a company registered under the laws of England and Wales  
  I, Randall D. Stilley, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Paragon Offshore plc;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 9, 2016    
    
               /s/ Randall D. Stilley 
      Randall D. Stilley 
      President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
      of Paragon Offshore plc, a company registered under the laws of England and Wales 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2016q3exhibit312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

Paragon Offshore plc  , a company registered under the laws of England and Wales  
  I, Steven A. Manz, certify that:  
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Paragon Offshore plc;  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors:  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  
     Date:   November 9, 2016    
    
               /s/ Steven A. Manz 
      Steven A. Manz 
      Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      of Paragon Offshore plc, a company registered under the laws of England and Wales 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2016q3exhibit321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

Paragon Offshore plc  , a company registered under the laws of England and Wales  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Paragon Offshore plc, a company registered under the laws of England and Wales (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Randall D. Stilley, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
       
                   November 9, 2016 
      
    /s/ Randall D. Stilley 

Randall D. Stilley 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

of Paragon Offshore plc, a company registered under the laws of England and Wales 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2016q3exhibit322.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 

Paragon Offshore plc  , a company registered under the laws of England and Wales  
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Paragon Offshore plc, a company registered under the laws of England and Wales (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven A. Manz, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
       
                   November 9, 2016 
      
    /s/ Steven A. Manz 

Steven A. Manz 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

of Paragon Offshore plc, a company registered under the laws of England and Wales 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pgn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pgn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pgn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pgn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pgn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pgn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

