<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1630940_0001213900-16-018518_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1770942</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89215</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>133990</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>366024</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>647685</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>498104</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018518.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114171751
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018518
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001630940
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37360
		FILM NUMBER:		161995939

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-409-2434

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018518.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_atlanticalliance.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from                       
to                         

Commission File No. 001-37360  

Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp.    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

British Virgin Islands   
       
       N/A    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)   

N/A    
 
      (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes     No   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes     No   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
           Accelerated filer   
 
           Non-accelerated filer  
           Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes    No   

As of November 14, 2016, the registrant had 3,687,233 ordinary shares outstanding. 

ATLANTIC ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.  

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    

PART
    1- FINANCIAL INFORMATION       

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  
      1   

Condensed Balance Sheets  
      1   

Condensed Statements of Operations  
      2   

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows  
      3   

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  
      4   

Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      12   

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
      16   

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures  
      16   

PART
    II- OTHER INFORMATION   
      16   

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings  
      16   

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
      16   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      17   

Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
      17   

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
      17   

Item 5.  
      Other Information  
      17   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
      17   

SIGNATURES   
      18   

PART
1-FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item
1. Financial Statements.   

ATLANTIC
ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

Condensed
Balance Sheets   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements.  

ATLANTIC
ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

Condensed
Statements of Operations   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements.  

ATLANTIC
ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

Condensed
Statements of Cash Flows   

   (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements.  

ATLANTIC
ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

NOTE
1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS   

Atlantic
Alliance Partnership Corp. (the  Company ) is a blank check company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on
January 14, 2015. The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and
amalgamation, contractual control arrangement with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, or engaging in any other
similar initial business combination with one or more businesses or entities ( Business Combination ).  

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through September 30, 2016 related to the Company s
formation, its Initial Public Offering, which is described below, identifying a target company and engaging in due diligence for
a Business Combination.  

The
registration statement for the Company s initial public offering ( Initial Public Offering ) was declared effective
on April 28, 2015. On May 4, 2015, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 7,687,500 ordinary shares, no par value
per share ( Public Shares ), which includes a partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option
of 187,500 ordinary shares, at $10.00 per Public Share, generating gross proceeds of $76,875,000.  

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 778,438 ordinary shares (the  Private
Placement Shares ) at a price of $10.00 per share in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, AAP Sponsor (PTC)
Corp., a British Virgin Islands company ( AAP Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of $7,784,380, which is described
in Note 4.  

Transaction costs amounted to $5,907,302,
consisting of $2,690,625 of underwriting fees, $2,690,625 of deferred underwriting fees (which were waived by the underwriter (see
Note 10)) and $526,052 of Initial Public Offering costs. In addition, as of September 30, 2016, cash held outside of the Trust
Account and available for working capital purposes amounted to $2,862, which includes advances from related parties in the aggregate
amount of $520,000 (see Note 5). 

Following the closing of the Initial
Public Offering on May 4, 2015, an amount of $80,718,750 ($10.50 per Public Share) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public
Shares in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Shares was placed in a trust account ( Trust Account )
and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the  1940 Act ), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds
itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (c)(2), (c)(3) and (c)(4) of Rule
2a-7 of the 1940 Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii)
the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. 

On November 1, 2016, the Company s
shareholders approved (a) to extend the period of time for which the Company is required to consummate a Business Combination
until November 3, 2017 and (b) removing the prohibition on the Company s offering to redeem public shares held by AAP Sponsor
or its affiliates, directors or officers in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination (the  Extension Amendment ).
The number of ordinary shares presented for redemption in connection with the Extension Amendment was 6,976,958. The Company paid
cash in the aggregate amount of $73,443,712, or approximately $10.52 per share, to redeeming shareholders. As a result of the
payment on the ordinary shares presented for redemption in connection with the Extension Amendment, as of November 1, 2016 cash
and marketable securities held in the trust account decreased to $7,479,598 (see Note 10). 

The
Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public
Offering and Private Placement Shares, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward
consummating a Business Combination. The Company s Public Shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( NASDAQ ).
Pursuant to the NASDAQ listing rules, the Company s Business Combination must be with a target business or businesses whose
collective fair market value is equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive
agreement for such Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business
Combination.  

The
Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii)
by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The per-share price of the Public Shares to be redeemed
(initially $10.50 per Public Share), payable in cash, will be equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of a Business Combination including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations, divided by the number of then outstanding
Public Shares. The per-share amount to be distributed to investors who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). However, in no event will the Company
redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. The Company s
initial shareholder has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares (as defined in Note 5), Private
Placement Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required
by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant
to its Amended Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination.  

ATLANTIC
ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

If,
however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for
business or other legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to
the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete a Business
Combination only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. Each public
shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction.   

If
the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholder has agreed to vote its
founder shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor
of a Business Combination.  

If
the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions in connection with a Business
Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Company s Amended Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that
a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting
in concert or as a  group  (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in
the Initial Public Offering ( Excess Shares ). However, the Company would not be restricting the shareholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against a Business Combination.  

The Company had until November 4, 2016
to complete a Business Combination. In connection with the Extension Amendment approved by the Company s shareholders on
November 1, 2016, the Company has until November 3, 2017 (the  Combination Period ) to complete a Business Combination.
However, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations
(less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders  rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, proceed to commence a voluntary
liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company, subject in each case to its obligations to provide for claims of
creditors and the requirements of the laws of the British Virgin Islands and other applicable law.  

The
initial shareholder has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to its founder
shares and Private Placement Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination during the Combination Period. However,
if the initial shareholder acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, it will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission held
in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such
event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of
the Company s Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual
assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the $10.50 per Public Share initially
held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, Messrs. Jonathan Goodwin, Iain Abrahams,
Mark Klein, Waheed Alli and Jonathan Mitchell, the Company s management team, have agreed that they will be jointly and
severally liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company,
or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the
underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the  Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, then Messrs. Goodwin, Abrahams, Klein, Alli and Mitchell will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third party claims.    

NOTE
2. LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN   

As
of September 30, 2016, the Company had $2,862 in its operating bank accounts, $80,902,181 in cash and securities held in the Trust
Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and a working
deficit of $1,823,910. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $173,000 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented
interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. Since inception, the Company has not withdrawn
any interest income from the Trust Account.   

Until
the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel
expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination.  

ATLANTIC
                                         ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

The Company may need to raise additional capital
through loans or additional investments from AAP Sponsor, its shareholders, officers, directors, or third parties. As of September
30, 2016, the Company received an aggregate of $520,000 in advances from certain of the Company s directors. The advances
are non-interest bearing, unsecured and will only be repaid upon the completion of a Business Combination. Additionally, the Company s
officers and directors and AAP Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company additional funds, from time to time or
at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs
( Working Capital Loans ). Up to $1,000,000 of Working Capital Loans (including the $520,000 of advances as of September
30, 2016, described above) could be converted into shares of the post business combination entity at a price of $10.00 per share
at the option of the lender. See Note 10 for discussion of additional advances received and subsequent conversion of all advances
into ordinary shares of the Company. 

Other than as described above, none of the
shareholders, officers or directors, AAP Sponsor or third parties is under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in,
the Company. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional
capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited
to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot
provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include
any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE
3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of presentation    

The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions
to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the SEC. Certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for
interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a comprehensive
presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented.  

The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the period from January 14, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC on March 23, 2016, which contains
the audited financial statements and notes thereto, together with Management s Discussion and Analysis. The financial information
as of December 31, 2015 is derived from the audited financial statements presented in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the period from January 14, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2015. The interim results for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any
future interim periods.  

Emerging
growth company    

The
Company is an  emerging growth company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the
 Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the  JOBS Act ), and
it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.  

Further,
section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The
Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the
new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant
standards used.  

ATLANTIC
ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

Use
of estimates    

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  

Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered
in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly, the actual results could
differ significantly from those estimates.   

Cash
and cash equivalents    

The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

Cash
and marketable securities held in Trust Account    

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the assets held in the Trust Account were held in cash and U.S. Treasury Bills, which
are classified as trading securities.  

Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption    

The
Company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) Topic 480  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.  Ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary
shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to
redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders  equity. The Company s ordinary shares
feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of
uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders  equity section of the Company s balance sheet.   

Net
loss per share    

The
Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share.  Net loss per
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per
share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. At September 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted
into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss
per share for the periods presented.  

Income
taxes    

The
Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires an
asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future
taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized.  

ASC
Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company s management determined that the British Virgin Islands
is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. As of September 30, 2016, there were no amounts accrued for interest and penalties. There
were no unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that
could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.  

ATLANTIC
ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

The
Company may be subject to potential examination by U.S. federal, U.S. states or foreign taxing authorities in the areas of income
taxes. These potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various
tax jurisdictions and compliance with U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign tax laws. The Company s management does not expect
that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months.  

Concentration
of credit risk    

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution
which, at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. At September 30, 2016, the Company had not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.  

Fair
value of financial instruments    

The
fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820,  Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures,  approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheet, primarily
due to their short-term nature.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements      

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet
effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company's financial statements. 

NOTE
4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT   

Simultaneously
with the Initial Public Offering, AAP Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 778,438 Private Placement Shares at a purchase price of
$10.00 per share from the Company in a private placement. The proceeds from the Private Placement Shares were added to the net
proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.  

If
the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement
Shares will be used to fund the redemption of the Company s Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law).
The Private Placement Shares are identical to the founder shares, except that AAP Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or
sell any of the Private Placement Shares until the date that is 30 days after the date the Company completes a Business Combination.  

NOTE
5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Founder
Shares    

On
January 15, 2015, the Company issued 2,156,250 ordinary shares to the AAP Sponsor (the  founder shares ) for an aggregate
purchase price of $25,000. The 2,156,250 founder shares included an aggregate of up to 281,250 shares subject to forfeiture by
the initial shareholder (or its permitted transferees) on a pro rata basis depending on the extent to which the underwriters 
over-allotment option was exercised. As a result of the underwriters  election to exercise their over-allotment option to
purchase 187,500 ordinary shares on May 4, 2015 (see Note 6), 46,875 founder shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.  

The
remaining portion of the underwriters  over-allotment was extinguished; accordingly, 234,375 founder shares were forfeited.
The founder shares are identical to the Public Shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that (1) the founder shares
are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, and (2) the initial shareholder has agreed (i)
to waive its redemption rights with respect to its founder shares, Private Placement Shares and Public Shares purchased during
or after the Initial Public Offering in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to its founder shares and Private Placement Shares if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period.  

ATLANTIC
                                         ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

The
founder shares may not be transferred, assigned or sold until one year after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination
or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, (i) the last sale price of the Company s ordinary shares equals or
exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination or (ii) the Company consummates
a subsequent liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having
the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the  Lock-Up Period ).  

Related
Party Advances and Loans     

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company received an aggregate of $520,000 in advances from certain directors. The
advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and will only be repaid upon the completion of a Business Combination (see Note
10).  

Other than as described above, AAP Sponsor
or an affiliate of AAP Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the
Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital
Loans out of the proceeds held in the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid
only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use
a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the
Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to $1,000,000 of Working Capital Loans (including the $520,000
as of September 30, 2016 described above) could be converted into shares of the post business combination entity at a price of
$10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Such shares would be identical to the Private Placement Shares. 

As more fully discussed in Note 10,
on November 1, 2016, an aggregate of $1,000,000 of outstanding advances from certain directors of the Company or their affiliates
(through AAP Sponsor) were converted into ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion price of $10.00 per share. AAP Sponsor
shall not be entitled to (i) vote such Conversion Shares in connection with a Business Combination or (ii) redeem such Conversion
Shares (as defined in Note 10) in connection with the liquidation of the Company. 

Related
Party Business Combination Expenses    

Certain of the Company s directors
incurred expenses in connection with a potential Business Combination. In the event of a successful Business Combination, the amount
of such expenses to be reimbursed would have be determined in light of all the facts and circumstances at that point in time. On
November 1, 2016, the directors waived their right of reimbursement (see Note 10). 

NOTE
6. COMMITMENTS   CONTINGENCIES   

Transaction
Fee Arrangement    

On
January 8, 2016, the Company entered into an arrangement with a law firm for legal services to be provided in connection with
preliminary work on a proposed Business Combination. In the event of a completed Business Combination, the Company s liability
would have been approximately $1,000,000. If the proposed Business Combination did not occur, the Company would have been required
to pay 65% of incurred time. Effective September 13, 2016, all efforts related to such potential Business Combination were terminated.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company incurred approximately $1,200,000 of fees, which is included in accounts payable and accrued
expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheet.  

Registration
Rights    

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on April 28, 2015 with the holders of the founder shares and Private Placement
Shares, the holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands,
that the Company register such securities and shares that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In addition,
the holders have certain  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant
to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any
registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock-Up Period.
The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.  

Underwriting
Agreement    

The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional ordinary shares to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Initial Public Offering price. On May 4, 2015, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
the underwriters elected to exercise their over-allotment option to purchase 187,500 ordinary shares at a purchase price of $10.00
per share. The remaining option to purchase up to 937,500 ordinary shares was extinguished and unexercised by the underwriters.  

ATLANTIC
                                         ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

The underwriters were entitled to an
underwriting discount of 7.0%, or $5,381,250, of which three and one-half percent (3.5%), or $2,690,625, was paid in cash at the
closing of the Initial Public Offering on May 4, 2015, and up to three and one-half percent (3.5%), or $2,690,625, had been deferred.
The deferred fee was payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completed a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. As more fully discussed in Note 10, on November
1, 2016, the representative of the underwriters waived the deferred fee payable. 

NOTE
7. TLA BUSINESS COMBINATION AND CREDIT AGREEMENT   

TLA
Business Combination    

On
May 3, 2016, the Company issued an announcement stating that the Board of Directors of the Company and TLA Worldwide plc, a public
limited company registered in England and Wales ( TLA ), had reached agreement on the terms of a recommended offer
by the Company for the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of TLA (the  TLA Business Combination ).
In connection with the TLA Business Combination, the Company intended to acquire all outstanding shares of TLA in a cash and stock
transaction.  

On
September 13, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors determined that it was no longer in the best interests of the Company s
shareholders for the Company to proceed with the TLA Business Combination considering TLA s withdrawal of its recommendation
to TLA shareholders. As a result, the United Kingdom Panel on Takeovers and Mergers has confirmed that the offer will be withdrawn
as also agreed with TLA.  

Credit
Agreement    

On
May 2, 2016, the Company, as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent,
entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ), which provided for senior secured credit facilities comprised
of delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to $24,500,000.  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement
would have been used to pay cash amounts due to TLA shareholders in connection with the TLA Business Combination and to pay the
Company s fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith, and no amounts could have been drawn by the Company under
the Credit Agreement until completion of the proposed TLA Business Combination.  

As
a result of the Company s determination not proceed with the TLA Business Combination on September 13, 2016, the Credit
Agreement was terminated.    

NOTE
8. SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Preferred
Shares -   The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of no par value preferred shares, divided into five classes,
Class A through Class E each with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined by a resolution of the Company s
board of directors to amend the Amended Memorandum and Articles of Association to create such designations, rights and preferences.
The Company has five classes of preferred shares to give the Company flexibility as to the terms on which each Class is issued.
All shares of a single class must be issued with the same rights and obligations. Accordingly, starting with five classes of preferred
shares will allow the Company to issue shares at different times on different terms. At September 30, 2016, there are no preferred
shares designated, issued or outstanding.  

Ordinary
Shares -   The Company is authorized to issue an unlimited number of no par value ordinary shares. Holders of the Company s
ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2016 there were 3,653,816 ordinary shares issued and
outstanding (excluding 6,733,997 ordinary shares subject to possible redemption).  

NOTE
9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS   

The
Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually.  

The
fair value of the Company s financial assets and liabilities reflects management s estimate of amounts that the Company
would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets
and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and
to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities).
The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable
inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities:  

Level 1:  
      Quoted
    prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which
    transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing
    basis.   

Level 2:  
      Observable
    inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or
    liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.   

Level 3:  
      Unobservable
    inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.   

ATLANTIC
                                         ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.   

   NOTES
TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   SEPTEMBER
30, 2016   

   (Unaudited)   

The
following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized
to determine such fair value:  

NOTE
10. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

The
Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Other than as described below, the Company did not identify subsequent events that would have required
adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements.  

During October 2016, the Company received
an additional aggregate amount of $2,332,000 in advances from certain directors of the Company or their affiliates (through AAP
Sponsor). The advances were non-interest bearing, unsecured and to be repaid upon the completion of a Business Combination. Up
to $1,000,000 of all advances to such date (including the $520,000 advanced as of September 30, 2016) were expected to be converted
at $10.00 per share and the remaining advances were expected to be converted at $10.50 per share (the  Conversion Shares ),
following the Company s shareholder meeting to be held on November 1, 2016. 

On November 1, 2016, (i) an aggregate
of $1,000,000 of outstanding advances from certain directors of the Company or their affiliates (through AAP Sponsor) were converted
into ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion price of $10.00 per share and (ii) an aggregate of $1,852,000 of outstanding
advances from certain directors of the Company or their affiliates were converted into ordinary shares of the Company at a conversion
price of $10.50 per share. In the aggregate, 276,378 ordinary shares were issued to AAP Sponsor in connection with such conversions.
AAP Sponsor shall not be entitled to (i) vote such Conversion Shares in connection with a Business Combination or (ii) redeem
such Conversion Shares in connection with the liquidation of the Company. 

On November 1, 2016, the Company amended
certain letter agreements, dated as of April 28, 2015, by and among the Company and AAP Sponsor, officers and directors (the  Insiders 
and such letter agreements, the  Letter Agreements ) pursuant to which (1) the Insiders shall be entitled to redemption
and liquidation rights, as applicable, with respect to any ordinary shares of the Company (other than founder shares, Private
Placement Shares and Conversion Shares) they hold (i) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination by November 3,
2017 or (ii) in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination and (2) the Insiders shall not have the right to vote
any ordinary shares of the Company issuable upon conversion of convertible debt of the Company held by the Insiders in connection
with a Business Combination (including the Conversion Shares). 

On November 1, 2016, the Company s
directors waived any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind ( Claim ) in or to any distribution of or
from the Trust Account and also agreed not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the
Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any expenses incurred by the directors are no longer due or payable. 

On November 1, 2016, the representative
of the underwriters agreed to waive in full its right to receive its deferred fee in the amount of $2,690,625, which had been
held in the Trust Account pursuant to the underwriting agreement entered into by and between the Company and the underwriters
in connection with the Initial Public Offering. Accordingly, no further payments will be due and payable to the underwriters by
the Company in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination. 

On November 1, 2016, the Company held
a special meeting in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders, pursuant to which the shareholders approved (a) to extend the
period of time for which the Company is required to consummate a Business Combination until November 3, 2017 and (b) removing
the prohibition on the Company s offering to redeem public shares held by AAP Sponsor or its affiliates, directors or officers
in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination. The number of ordinary shares presented for redemption in connection
with the Extension Amendment was 6,976,958. The Company distributed $73,443,712, or approximately $10.52 per share, to redeeming
shareholders. In addition, an aggregate of $144,602 was distributed as a cash payment to shareholders that voted to approve the
Extension Amendment, which amount is equal to $0.02 for each of the 7,230,088 public shares of the Company that was voted to approve
the Extension Amendment. The cash payment did not come from the Company s Trust Account but was paid from funds loaned to
the Company by AAP Sponsor. 

On November 7, 2016, Mr. Jonathan Goodwin resigned as the Chief Executive Officer and director of the Company
and Mr. Waheed Alli resigned as the Chairman of the Company. On November 7, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company appointed
Mr. Iain Abrahams as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Mr. Mark Klein (a director of the Company prior to such date)
as the Chairman of the Company. Mr. Abrahams will continue to serve as a director of the Company. Mr. Daniel Winston was appointed
to serve on the audit committee of the Board in lieu of Mr. Abrahams. 

Item
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

References
in this report to  we,   us  or the  Company  refer to Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp.
References to our  management  or our  management team  refer to our officers and directors, and references
to the  AAP Sponsor  refer to AAP Sponsor (PTC) Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto
contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements
of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  regarding the Company s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as  expect, 
 believe,   anticipate,   intend,   estimate,   seek  and variations
and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate
to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.
A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results
discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s
final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).
The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at  www.sec.gov .
Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise
any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

Overview   

We
are a blank check company incorporated on January 14, 2015 in the British Virgin Islands and formed for the purpose of acquiring,
engaging in a share exchange, share reconstruction and amalgamation, contractual control arrangement with, purchasing all or substantially
all of the assets of, or engaging in any other similar initial business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We
intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and a sale of ordinary
shares in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our Initial Public Offering, our capital stock,
debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt.  

The
issuance of additional shares of our stock in a business combination:  

may
    significantly dilute the equity interest of existing shareholders;   

may
    subordinate the rights of holders of our ordinary shares if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded
    our ordinary shares;   

could
    cause a change of control if a substantial number of ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our
    ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present
    officers and directors;   

may
    have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a
    person seeking to obtain control of us; and   

may
    adversely affect prevailing market prices for our ordinary shares.   

Similarly,
if we issue debt securities, it could result in:  

default
    and foreclosure on our assets if our cash flows after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;   

acceleration
    of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain
    covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of such covenants;   

our
    immediate repayment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand;   

our
    inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain
    such financing while the debt security is outstanding;   

our
    inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares;   

using
    a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for
    dividends on our ordinary shares, if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and
    fund other general corporate purposes;   

limitations
    on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;   

increased
    vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government
    regulation; and   

limitations
    on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution
    of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt.   

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to
complete a business combination will be successful.  

Recent
Developments   

TLA
Business Combination    

On
May 3, 2016, the Company issued an announcement stating that the Board of Directors of the Company and TLA Worldwide plc, a public
limited company registered in England and Wales ( TLA ), had reached agreement on the terms of a recommended offer
by the Company for the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of TLA (the  TLA Business Combination ).
In connection with the TLA Business Combination, the Company intended to acquire all outstanding shares of TLA in a cash and stock
transaction.  

On
September 13, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors determined that it was no longer in the best interests of the Company s
shareholders for the Company to proceed with the TLA Business Combination considering TLA s withdrawal of its recommendation
to TLA shareholders. As a result, the United Kingdom Panel on Takeovers and Mergers has confirmed that the offer will be withdrawn
as also agreed with TLA.  

Credit
Agreement    

On
May 2, 2016, the Company, as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and SunTrust Bank, as administrative agent,
entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ), which provided for senior secured credit facilities comprised
of delayed draw term loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to $24,500,000.  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement
would have been used to pay cash amounts due to TLA shareholders in connection with the TLA Business Combination and to pay the
Company s fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith, and no amounts could have been drawn by the Company under
the Credit Agreement until completion of the proposed TLA Business Combination.  

As
a result of the Company s determination not proceed with the TLA Business Combination on September 13, 2016, the Credit
Agreement was terminated.  

On November 1, 2016, we held a special meeting
in lieu of an annual meeting of shareholders pursuant to which the shareholders approved (a) to extend the period of time for
which we are required to consummate a Business Combination until November 3, 2017 and (b) removing the prohibition on the offering
to redeem public shares held by AAP Sponsor or its affiliates, directors or officers in connection with the consummation of a
Business Combination. The number of ordinary shares presented for redemption in connection with the Extension Amendment was 6,976,958.
The Company distributed $73,443,712, or approximately $10.52 per share, to redeeming shareholders. In addition, an aggregate of
$144,602 was distributed as a cash payment to shareholders that voted to approve the Extension Amendment, which amount is equal
to $0.02 for each of the 7,230,088 public shares that was voted to approve the Extension Amendment. The cash payment did not come
from our trust account but was paid from funds loaned to us by AAP Sponsor. 

Results
of Operations   

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. All activity from inception to September 30, 2016 relates
to our formation, our initial public offering and private placement and the identification and evaluation of prospective candidates
for a business combination. Since the completion of our initial public offering, we have not generated any operating revenues
and will not generate such revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income in
the form of interest income on cash and securities held, which we expect to be insignificant in view of the low yields on short-term
government securities. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting,
accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses.  

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had a net loss of $1,219,729 and $2,683,501 respectively, which consisted
of operating costs and target identification expenses of $1,278,062 and $2,821,247 respectively, offset by interest income on
marketable securities held in our Trust Account of $58,333 and $137,746. For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and for
the period from January 14, 2015 (inception) through September 30, 2015, we had a net loss of $83,295 and $145,525, respectively,
consisting of operating costs and target identification expenses, offset by interest income on marketable securities held in our
Trust Account.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

On May 4, 2015, we consummated the initial
public offering of 7,687,500 ordinary shares, which includes a partial exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option
in the amount of 187,500 ordinary shares, at a price of $10.00 per share generating gross proceeds of $76,875,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the private sale of 778,438 ordinary shares to AAP Sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of $7,784,380. Following the initial public offering, a total of $80,718,750 was placed into a trust account and
we had $535,323 of cash held outside of the trust account and available for working capital purposes. We incurred $5,907,302 in
our initial public offering related costs, including $2,690,625 of underwriting fees, $2,690,625 of deferred underwriting fees
(which deferred fees were waived on November 1, 2016) and $526,052 of initial public offering costs. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had cash
and marketable securities held in the trust account of $80,902,181 (including approximately $173,000 of interest income) consisting
of U.S. treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be available
to us to pay taxes. Through September 30, 2016, we did not withdraw any funds from the interest earned on the trust account. Other
than deferred underwriting fees payable in the event of a business combination, no amounts are payable to the underwriters of our
initial public offering. 

As a result of the payment of $73,443,712 to the holders of the aggregate of 6,976,958 ordinary shares presented
for redemption in connection with the Extension Amendment, as of November 1, 2016 cash and marketable securities held in the trust
account amounted to $7,479,598. 

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash of $2,862 held outside the trust account, which is available for use by us to cover the costs
associated with identifying a target business and negotiating a business combination and other general corporate uses. In addition,
as of September 30, 2016, we had accounts payable and accrued expenses of $2,006,729. On January 8, 2016, we entered into an arrangement
with a law firm for legal services to be provided in connection with preliminary work on a proposed business combination. In the
event of a completed business combination, our liability would have been approximately $1,000,000. If the proposed business combination
did not occur, we would have been required to pay 65% of incurred time. Effective September 13, 2016, all efforts related to such
potential Business Combination were terminated. As of September 30, 2016, the Company incurred approximately $1,200,000 of fees,
which is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheet.  

For
the period ended September 30, 2016, cash used in operating activities amounted to $874,215, resulting from a net loss of $2,683,501
and interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account of $137,746, offset by changes in our working capital of
$1,947,032.  

We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on
the trust account (net of taxes payable), excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our business combination. We
may withdraw interest to pay taxes, if any. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest income earned
on the amounts held in the trust account. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies.  

We intend to use the funds held outside
the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses,
travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners,
review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a business
combination, and to pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the trust account is not sufficient to pay our taxes. 

We may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from AAP Sponsor, shareholders,
officers, directors, or third parties. Through September 30, 2016, we received an aggregate of $520,000 in advances from certain
directors. The advances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and will only be repaid upon the completion of a Business Combination. 

If
our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination
are less than the actual amounts necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to
our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or
because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our ordinary shares upon completion of our business combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination.  

Other
than as described above, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended
business combination, AAP Sponsor or an affiliate of AAP Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated
to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds
of the trust account released to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working
capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used to repay
such loaned amounts. Up to $1,000,000 of such loans (including the $520,000 as of September 30, 2016 described above) may be convertible
into shares of the post business combination entity at a price of $10.00 per share at the option of the lender. Shares would be
substantially identical to the private placement shares.  

During October 2016, we received an
additional aggregate amount of $2,332,000 in advances from certain directors or their affiliates (through AAP Sponsor). The advances
were non-interest bearing, unsecured and to be repaid upon the completion of a Business Combination. Up to $1,000,000 of all
advances to such date (including the $520,000 advanced as of September 30, 2016) were expected to be converted at $10.00 per share
and the remaining advances were expected to be converted at $10.50 per share (the  Conversion Shares ), following our
shareholder meeting to be held on November 1, 2016. 

On November 1, 2016, (i) an aggregate
of $1,000,000 of outstanding advances from certain directors or their affiliates (through AAP Sponsor) were converted into ordinary
shares at a conversion price of $10.00 per share and (ii) an aggregate of $1,852,000 of outstanding advances from certain directors
or their affiliates were converted into ordinary shares at a conversion price of $10.50 per share. In the aggregate, 276,378 ordinary
shares were issued to AAP Sponsor in connection with such conversions. AAP Sponsor shall not be entitled to (i) vote in connection
with a Business Combination or (ii) redeem such Conversion Shares in connection with the liquidation of the Company. 

Other than as described above, our sponsor
or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors are not under any obligation to advance us funds, or to
invest in us. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we
may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing
operations, suspending the pursuit of our business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new
financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. 

Additionally, on November 1, 2016, the representative of the underwriters agreed to waive in full its right
to receive its deferred fee in the amount of $2,690,625, which had been held in the trust account pursuant to the underwriting
agreement entered into by and between us and the underwriters in connection with the initial public offering. Accordingly, no further
payments will be due and payable to the underwriters by us in the event that we complete a business combination. 

Off-balance
sheet financing arrangements   

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into
any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of
other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets.  

Contractual
obligations   

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities.  

Significant
Accounting Policies   

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income
and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the
following significant accounting policy:  

Ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption   

We
account for our ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) Topic 480  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.  Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption
(if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon
the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary
shares are classified as shareholders  equity. Our ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered
to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016, ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders  equity section of
our balance sheet.  

Recent
accounting pronouncements   

Management does not believe that any
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company's
financial statements. 

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

The
net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account are invested
in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term
nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk.  

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016.
Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective.  

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

During
the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.   

None.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

Factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this report are any of the risks described in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31 2015 filed with the SEC on March 23, 2016 and the preliminary proxy statement
filed with the SEC on July 22, 2016. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our
results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial
may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the
risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report filed with the SEC or preliminary proxy statement, except as discussed below.  

If
the net proceeds of our initial public offering not being held in the trust account and loans from AAP Sponsor are insufficient,
it could limit the amount available to complete our initial business combination and we may be unable to continue as a going concern.    

Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and advances, only $2,862 (as of September 30, 2016) was
available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
we used cash of $874,215 in operating activities. As of September 30, 2016, we had current liabilities of $2,006,729, primarily
representing amounts owed to lawyers, accountants and consultants who have advised us on matters related to a potential business
combination. Effective September 13, 2016, all efforts related to such potential business combination were terminated. Funds in
the trust account are not available for paying these costs absent an initial business combination. If a business combination is
not consummated, we would lack the resources to pay all of the liabilities that have been incurred by us to date and we will lack
the resources needed to consummate another business combination. There can be no assurances that we will complete a business combination.  

If we are required to seek additional capital,
we would need to borrow funds from AAP Sponsor, our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate.
To date, we have received $2,852,000 in advances from certain directors in order to finance transaction costs in connection with
a business combination. On November 1, 2016, (i) $1,000,000 of the outstanding advances were converted into ordinary shares of
the Company at a conversion price of $10.00 per share and (ii) $1,852,000 of the outstanding advances were converted into ordinary
shares of the Company at a conversion price of $10.50 per share. Other than the $2,852,000 in advances (all of which have been
converted into ordinary shares), neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates are under any
obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. Any such
loans and advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion
of our initial business combination. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures
to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction.
We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The condensed financial statements included
herein do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities
that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust
account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive approximately $10.52 per share on our redemption of our public
shares. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
applicable.  

Item
5. Other Information.   

None.  

Item
6. Exhibits.   

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

*Filed
herewith.  

  #
Furnished herewith  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ATLANTIC
    ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.    

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Iain Abrahams   

Name:  
      Iain
    Abrahams   

Title:  
      Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Jonathan Mitchell   

Name:  
      Jonathan
    Mitchell   

Title:  
      Chief
    Financial Officer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_atlanticalli.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Iain Abrahams, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Iain
    Abrahams   

Iain
    Abrahams   

Chief
    Executive Officer and Director 
     (Principal Executive Officer)    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_atlanticalli.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Jonathan Mitchell, certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp.;   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Jonathan Mitchell   

Jonathan
    Mitchell   

Chief
Financial Officer and Director 
 (Principal Financial and   
  Principal Accounting Officer)    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_atlanticalli.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADDED BY   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Iain Abrahams,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as added by  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      To
    my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
    results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Iain
    Abrahams   

Iain
    Abrahams   

Chief
        Executive Officer and Director  
           (Principal
        Executive Officer)     

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_atlanticalli.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADDED BY   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Jonathan
Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as added by  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

1.  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      To
    my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
    results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the report.   

Date:
    November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Jonathan Mitchell   

Jonathan
    Mitchell   

Chief
    Financial Officer and Director 
     (Principal Financial and  
     Principal Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 aapc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aapc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aapc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aapc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aapc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aapc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

