<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161116_10-K_edgar_data_1582586_0001582586-16-000085_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1247127</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>79671</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>378534</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>257027</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>239581</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>250621</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>14</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001582586-16-000085.hdr.sgml : 20161116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161116111900
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001582586-16-000085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			China Soar Information Technology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001582586
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55026
		FILM NUMBER:		162001697

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 HARCOURT ROAD, SUITE 1308
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-6688-3925

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12 HARCOURT ROAD, SUITE 1308
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Go Public II Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130725

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001582586-16-000085.txt : 20161116

10-K
 1
 csit10k_73116.htm
 CHINA SOAR ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JULY 31,
2016  

  OR  

For the transition period from to  

  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 000-55026  

China Soar Information Technology,
Inc.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities to be registered under Section
12(b) of the Act: None  

 Securities to be registered under Section
12(g) of the Exchange Act:  

Title of each class:  Common Stock,
$0.0001 

  Name of each exchange on which registered:
 N/A 

-1- 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 [ ] Yes [X] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [X] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 [X] Yes [ ] No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure
of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer or a small reporting company. See definition of
large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and small reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated
filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Small reporting company [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

[
] Yes  [X ] No      

At June 30, 2016, the last business day of the Registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of
the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation is an affiliate) was approximately
$5,500. 

At
November 15, 2016,      there
were 75,000,000 shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding.  

-2- 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

CHINA
SOAR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC.   

PART I   

PAGE    
 
      Item 1  
      Business  
       
      4   
 
      Item 1A  
      Risk Factors  
       
      5   
 
      Item 1B  
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
       
      6   
 
      Item 2  
      Properties  
       
      6   
 
      Item 3  
      Legal Proceedings  
       
      6   
 
      Item 4  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
      6   

PART II   

Item 5  
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
       
      6   
 
      Item 6  
      Selected Financial Data  
       
      7   
 
      Item 7  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
       
      7   
 
      Item 7A  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
       
      7   
 
      Item 8  
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
       
      F1-F8   
 
      Item 9  
      Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
       
      8   
 
      Item 9A  
      Controls and Procedures  
       
      8   
 
      Item 9B  
      Other Information  
       
      8   

PART III   

Item 10  
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
       
      9   
 
      Item 11  
      Executive Compensation  
       
      10   
 
      Item 12  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
       
      10   
 
      Item 13  
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
       
      11   
 
      Item 14  
      Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
       
      11   

PART IV   

Item 15  
      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
       
      12   

Signatures  
       
      12   

-3- 

PART I  

Item 1. Business.   

China Soar Information Technology, Inc.
fka Go Public II, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 22, 2013 as
a Form 10 blank check shell company with an objective to acquire, or merge with, an operating business. On August 24, 2015 the
Company completed a transaction (the  Transaction ) in the form of a software license and royalty agreement, (the  License 
or the  License Agreement ) with a foreign company organized under the laws of the Peoples Republic of China, known
as  Zhengzhou Xiangtian Information Technology Company Limited,  ( ZXITC ). The president of ZXITC is our
sole director, Mu Chun Lin. The License Agreement allows us to receive a revenue stream equal to 45% of the gross revenue of ZXITC
in exchange for licensing our intellectual property which is a mobile phone internet marketing application program that we purchased
from our CEO. 

Therefore we have ceased to be a blank
check shell company and have adopted a new business plan to provide mobile phone internet marketing services to business owners
in China and Hong Kong. We plan on offering similar services in the U.S, Europe and South America. On May 26, 2015, Mu Chun Lin
was appointed as sole Officer and sole Director of China Soar Information Technology, Inc., making Mu Chun Lin a related party
as he is also the president and CEO of Zhengzhou Xiangtian Information Technology Company. 

The License includes the right to enter
into certain agreements and use our intellectual property. The Company did not acquire any plant and equipment, and any other business
and operational assets of ZXITC as part of the License, and the Company did not hire any employees of ZXITC except for Mu Chun
Lin. ZXITC will continue as an independent company, operating in the Peoples Republic of China after the Transaction. The License
relates to the development and operation of an Internet and Mobile Marketing Platform in China and Hong Kong. ZXITC plans to utilize
the License to provide unique online and mobile marketing services in China and Hong Kong. Our principal executive offices are
located at 12 Harcourt Road, Bank of America Tower, Suite 1308, Central, Hong Kong. 

Our
activities have been limited to developing our business and financial plans. We will not have the necessary capital to develop
or execute our business plan until we are able to secure financing. On June 6, 2015, the Company determined that it was
in the best interests of the Company to issue 20,000,000 shares of common stock with
a par value of $ .0001 to Mu Chun Lin, our sole officer and director as compensation for services rendered including but
not limited to furthering the Company s business plan. On June 12, 2015, the Company determined that it
was in the best interests of the Company to offer for sale 55,000,000 shares
of its restricted common stock with a par value of $.0001 to be used for general corporate purposes as determined
by our sole officer and director, Mu Chun Lin. Proxy Management Consultants LTD of Hong Kong acted as the Company s escrow
agent. The foregoing shares were sold pursuant to Regulation S of the Act. We believe we need to raise $750,000 to execute our
business plan over the next 12  months. 

In their audit report dated November 15, 2016, our
auditor has expressed an opinion that substantial doubt exists as to whether we can continue as an ongoing business. Because our
President, Chief Executive Officer and sole Director Mu Chun Lin may be unwilling or unable to loan or advance any additional capital
to us, we believe that if we do not raise additional capital within 12 months of the effective date of this registration statement,
we may be required to suspend or cease the implementation of our business plan. 

-4- 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

    Risks
Relating to the Company s Securities    

We may never have a public market
for our common stock or may never trade on a recognized exchange. Therefore, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in
our stock.  

There is no established public trading
market for our securities. Our shares are not and have not been listed or quoted on any exchange or quotation system. 

In order for our shares to be quoted,
a market maker must agree to file the necessary documents with FINRA. In addition, it is possible that such application for quotation
may not be approved and even if approved it is possible that a regular trading market will not develop or that if it did develop,
will be sustained. In the absence of a trading market, an investor may be unable to liquidate their investment. 

We may in the future issue additional
shares of our common stock, which may have a dilutive effect on our stockholders.  

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes
the issuance of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 75,000,000 shares are issued and outstanding as of October 31, 2015.
The future issuance of our common shares may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common shares held by our
then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock
for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by
our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 

We may issue shares of preferred
stock in the future that may adversely impact your rights as holders of our common stock.  

Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes
us to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Accordingly, our board of directors will have the authority to fix and
determine the relative rights and preferences of preferred shares, as well as the authority to issue such shares, without further
stockholder approval. 

Our preferred stock does not have any
dividend, conversion, liquidation, or other rights or preferences, including redemption or sinking fund provisions. However, our
board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders preferred rights to
our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividends before dividends are declared to holders of our common stock, and the
right to the redemption of such preferred shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of the common stock. To the
extent that we do issue such additional shares of preferred stock, your rights as holders of common stock could be impaired thereby,
including, without limitation, dilution of your ownership interests in us. In addition, shares of preferred stock could be issued
with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult, which may not be in
your interest as holders of common stock. 

We do not currently intend to pay
dividends on our common stock and consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation
in the price of our common stock.  

We have never declared or paid any cash
dividends on our common stock and do not currently intend to do so for the foreseeable future. We currently intend to invest our
future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Therefore, you are not likely to receive any dividends on your common stock for the
foreseeable future and the success of an investment in shares of our common stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its
value. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders
have purchased their shares. 

-5- 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  

None. 

Item 2. Properties.  

We neither rent nor own any properties. Until we pursue a
viable business opportunity and recognize income, we will not seek office space. We currently have no policy with respect to investments
or interests in real estate, real estate mortgages or securities of, or interests in, persons primarily engaged in real estate
activities. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.  

From time to time, we may become party
to litigation or other legal proceedings that we consider to be a part of the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently
involved in legal proceedings that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial
condition or results of operations. We may become involved in material legal proceedings in the future. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  

Market Information  

ADMISSION TO QUOTATION ON THE OTC BULLETIN BOARD  

We intend to have our common stock be quoted on the OTCQB
operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. and or Over the Counter Bulletin Board,  OTCBB . There is no assurance that the
shares will ever be quoted on the OTCQB or OTCBB.  To be quoted on the OTCQB or OTCBB, a market maker must apply to make a
market in our common stock. If our securities are not quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, a security holder may find it more difficult
to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our securities. The OTCQB and OTC Bulletin Board differs
from national and regional stock exchanges in that it: 

(1) is not situated in a single location but operates through
communication of bids, offers and confirmations between broker-dealers, and (2) securities admitted to quotation are offered by
one or more Broker-dealers rather than the  specialist  common to stock exchanges. 

To qualify for quotation on the OTC
Bulletin Board, an equity security must have one registered broker-dealer, known as the market maker, willing to list bid or sale
quotations and to sponsor the company listing. We do not yet have an agreement with a registered broker-dealer, as the market maker,
willing to list bid or sale quotations and to sponsor the Company listing. If the Company meets the qualifications for trading
securities on the OTC Bulletin Board our securities will trade on the OTC Bulletin Board until a future time, if at all. We may
not now and it may never qualify for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board. 

Holders  

As
of November 15, 2016, there were approximately 41 shareholders of record of our common stock and 75,000,000      shares
of common stock deemed outstanding.  

Dividends and Share Repurchases  

We have not paid any dividends to our
shareholder.  There are no restrictions which would limit our ability to pay dividends on common equity or that are likely
to do so in the future. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

None. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

Not applicable. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Uses of Proceeds from Registered Securities      

None. 

-6- 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data.  

Not applicable because the Company is
a smaller reporting company. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion of our financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year ended July
31, 2016, found in this report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Where possible, we have tried to identify these forward looking statements by
using words such as  anticipate,   believe,   intends,  or similar expressions. Our actual
results could differ materially 

 from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements
due to important factors and risks including, but not limited to, those set forth under  Risk Factors  as described
in in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 

Our cash balance is $159 as of July 31, 2016. Our cash balance
is not sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations for any period of time. We have been utilizing and may utilize funds
from Mu Chun Lin, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to
pay for offering costs, filing fees, and professional fees. Mu Chun Lin, however, has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal
obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. In order to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve-month period,
we require a minimum of $750,000 of funding. Therefore, we have filed an S-1 registration on September 3, 2015. Being a startup
stage company, we have a very limited operating history. After a twelve-month period we may need additional financing but currently
do not have any arrangements for such financing. 

Long term financing beyond the maximum
aggregate amount of this offering will be required to fully implement our business plan. The exact amount of funding will depend
on funding required for full implementation of our business plan. Our expansion may include expanding our office facilities, hiring
sales personnel and developing a customer base. 

If we do not receive any proceeds from
the offering or the minimum amount of $750,000 that we require to operate for the next 12 months Mu Chun Lin has informally agreed
to advance us funds, however, he has no formal commitment, arrangement or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. 

If we need additional cash and cannot
raise it, we will either have to suspend operations until we do raise the cash we need, or cease operations entirely. Even if we
raise $750,000 from this offering, it will most likely only last one year. We may need more funds for business operations in the
next year, and we will have to revert to obtaining additional money. 

Company
Overview      

Corporate History   

China Soar Information Technology, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) fka Go Public II, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware
on July 22, 2013. We changed our name from Go Public II, Inc. to China Soar Information Technology with the Delaware Secretary
of State on June 16, 2015. 

On May 26, 2015, our former director,
Thomas DeNunzio resigned and Mu Chun Lin was appointed as our sole President, CEO, CFO and Director.  

Business Information   

   Introduction   

We currently own
intellectual property to utilize, market, further develop and sell in North America a software application called ( MIMA )
to entrepreneurs and small businesses whereas any merchant can easily create a WEB/WAP e-commerce website or cell phone client
and enterprise mobile management information system by themselves. Merchants will not have to rent network hardware operation system,
entrust software development and recruit professional management. Instead, we can offer the required network infrastructure and
software and hardware platform for the merchant with a low monthly fee. MIMA was created and developed by our director, Mu Chun
Lin over the course of ten years. 

OUR
LICENSEE    

Zhengzhou Xiangtian
Information Technology Company Limited was established by our director Mu Chun Lin in December, 2005. Since inception, the Company
has been concentrated on the research and development of software and hardware in the mobile internet industry and has achieved
many technology achievements in the application field of big data. Over the five years, the Company has built an efficient project
team, integrated mobile internet technology and self-developed mobile internet application platform; developing several products
types and conducts 

 users  test
.. China s Central Government is giving supporting policy to  Internet Plus  Industries which will allow ZXITC
to develop their products to provide mobile internet communication application system to users for the rapid development of mobile
internet application in China. 

In 2012, ZXITC had the advantage to work with China s
internet network information center, (CNNIC), the Issuer of internet content provider (ICP) of all the websites hosted in China
on mobile URL, General URL and Trusted URL to integrate with their mobile Internet cloud application system. The joint development
will expedite the construction of CNNIC public supporting service system with 10% of the original cost. Subsequently, the Company
began to develop a website which allows their users to create and manage their own mobile application with minimal technical knowledge.
The website developed exclusively for the Chinese market, is named  MOYUN . Currently, MOYUN Internet Mobile Application
(MIMA) cloud platform is the most comprehensive cloud infrastructure in the China s Corporate Mobile Application systems.
Since the free public test inception at January, 2012, MIMA has been one of the Chinese leading cross-platform mobile application
developing tools. We believe that the market in North America is ripe for such an application notwithstanding that we will have
to make definitive changes to utilize and maximize the mobile application system in North America. 

ZXITC is the first company to utilize a  Drag
and Drop  design interface for the Mobile Application development in order to provide a user friendly interface. The system
reduces the cost of mobile application development, compatibility issues and other technical complication so that users can focus
more on the product interface and business profile design. 

The company is equipped with high performance server
group and large bandwidth network to facilitate a stable and speedy access for their clients, so that they can enjoy an internet
vendor class infrastructure through subscribing their services. The cloud system is implemented at software as a service level,
(SaaS) whereas users can minimize their cost of establishing as e-commerce and for mobile application deployment. 

PRODUCTS AND PROJECTS  

 The functions and features
of MIMA (including services in-operation and not in- operation) 

1.  
      Mobile website - for Corporate Mobile website, including contents management, and design interface.   

2.  
      Mobile client application (APP) development - content management and design interface.   

3.  
      Internet website - content management and design interface.   

4.  
      Business Mobile integrated information system(Customized) - develops comprehensive mobile system with Attendance, ERP, CRM functions  with highly flexible design features to meet majority SME s information technology demands.    

PLAN OF OPERATIONS   

We plan to operate as a business to consumer, (B2C)
to provide services to retailers that enable them to access, build, change, monitor and manage their e-commerce website from the
convenience of their mobile telephone. We will have a full range of services and resources to work with customers towards achieving
our customers  mobile website and marketing goals. We will provide access to our services that are intended to be tailored
to each customers  marketing and website needs. We are not currently in any discussions with businesses or individuals but
we do plan on it in order to maximize our business potential and distribution reach. No assurances can be provided that any agreement
will be reached. We believe we are in a unique position to capitalize on the North American, European, South American market and
gain a first move advantage to deliver a transparent and customer focused mobile marketing solution. Our primary focus will be
small, middle and large businesses as well as individuals within North America. There are approximately 469.58 (according to Google)
million people in North America, which makes it one of the most populous continents in the world and this represents our initial
target market. We 

 plan to offer mobile website and marketing solutions
for a monthly fee to customers in North America. At the initial stages of our business plan all of our customers will have access
to the standard MIMA features, including, free mobile-optimized templates, Premium industry-specific templates, Premium customized
templates, Free web address(domain name), Premium customized web address(domain name), SEO-friendly domain name suggestions, instant,
easy search engine optimization, (SEO), Social apps, reach your audience instantly ability, with all features having the ability
to build, promote and market a customer's website either online or from the convenience of your mobile phone or tablet, free software
upgrades. In addition, we will also offer as standard MIMA features, add maps and directions, daily deals promotion, add photos
and videos instantly, secure cloud storage, automatic data back-up, analytics and reports, mobile editing and updating, fast loading
pages, E-commerce tools, easy-to-use dashboard, and click to call. A material challenge to our business operations will be getting
enough customers. In order to achieve this goal we will have to create incentives through advertising and other marketing venues,
also, through a referral program for our customers to inform others of our services. We will encourage customers to share news
about their services through email, Facebook, and Twitter, and other social media websites. If we are unable to attract customers
it may have a material impact on our revenues or income or may result in our liquidity decreasing. 

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW  

This Form 10-K includes market and industry data that we
have developed from publicly available information; various industry publications and other published industry sources and our
internal data and estimates. Although we believe the publications and reports are reliable, we have not independently verified
the data. Our internal data, estimates and forecasts are based upon information obtained from trade and business organizations
and other contacts in the market in which we operate and our management s understanding of industry conditions. 

As of the date of the preparation of this Prospectus, these
and other independent government and trade publications cited herein are publicly available on the Internet without charge. Upon
request, the Company will also provide copies of such sources cited herein. 

THE
MOBILE MARKETING INDUSTRY    

Overview  

 Management contends that some perceive mobile advertising
as closely related to online or internet advertising, though we believe its reach is far greater - currently, most mobile advertising
is targeted at mobile phones, that came estimably to a global total of 6.9 billion as of 2014 (Source: mobithinking.com). Notably
computers, including desktops and laptops, are currently estimated at approximately 1.9 billion globally (Source: ask.com). 

 It is probable, in our management s opinion,
that advertisers and media industry will increasingly take account of a bigger and fast-growing mobile market, though it remains
at around 2.7% of global advertising spending and is estimated to increase to 7.6% by 2016 ( Source: statisa.com ). Mobile media
is evolving rapidly, and while we believe mobile phones will continue to be the mainstay, it is not clear whether mobile phones
based on cellular backhaul, or smart phones based on WiFi hot spot, or WiMAX hot zone, will also strengthen. However, as an illustration
of the emergence of this form of advertising, that there is now a dedicated global advertising awards ceremony organized every
year by Vision gain , a business information portal. 

 In information provided by the research firm Berg Insight,
as mobile phones out number Television sets by over 3 to 1, and PC based internet users by over 4 to 1, and the total laptop and
desktop PC population by nearly 5 to 1, advertisers in many markets, we contend, have recently rushed to this media. In Spain 75%
of mobile phone owners receive ads, in France 62% and in Japan 54%.More remarkably as mobile advertising matures, like in the most
advanced markets, the user involvement also matures. In Japan today, already 44% of mobile phone owners click on ads they receive
on their phones. Mobile advertising was worth 900 million dollars in Japan alone. According to the research firm Berg Insight,
the global mobile advertising market that was estimated to   1 billion in 2008 Furthermore, Berg Insight forecasts the global
mobile advertising market to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 43 percent to   8.7 billion in 2014. 

 In the Q2 2013  State of Mobile Advertising Report 
by Opera Mediaworks, it is reported that mobile advertising is growing globally at a rapid rate. Opera Mediaworks reports that
rich media ads are now averaging a 1.53 percentage click rate among users. App large banner ads are still the most popular, but
they are on the decline. 

 In China, A study by iResearch finds no indication
of a slowdown in mobile growth as mobile devices become more popular and e-retailers invest in making mobile sites easier to use. 

 Chinese consumers spent 929.71 billion yuan ($148.16
billion) on shopping from their smartphones and tablets in 2014, up 239% from 274.00 billion yuan ($43.66 billion) in 2013, according
to Chinese research firm iResearch. 

 That is a significant leap in one year for mobile shopping,
given that online shopping grew only 49.8% to 2.814 trillion yuan ($448.47 billion) in China in 2014, according to iResearch, a
Beijing-based firm that tracks e-commerce. IResearch attributes the uptick in mobile shopping mainly to the growing popularity
of mobile devices and leading e-retailers  investments in better serving mobile shoppers. 

 Mobile commerce seems likely to keep growing: iResearch
forecasts mobile shopping will grow more than fourfold to 4.504 trillion yuan ($717. 75 billion) in sales in 2018. 

 Purchases on mobile devices accounted for 33% of online
sales in China in 2014, compared with 14.5% in the prior year, according to iResearch. 

 The Chinese research company also predicts that mobile
sales will surpass sales on personal computers in 2016 and reach 61.7% of online sales in 2018. 

 Using a mobile phone to browse the internet in China
has considerably taken off towards the end of 2012, with an ever increasing amount of the public deciding to choose their mobile
phones to browse the internet rather than traditionally sitting in front of a desktop. The mobile internet now is the biggest new
growth engine for e-commerce in China. Online shopping is booming because of its convenience and cost effectiveness. And it s
not only young affluent urban dwellers who are purchasing luxury items online at cheaper prices than shopping malls rather residents
in less developed regions are buying products that are not available in their home towns as noted in the Wall Street Journal on
August 31, 2015. 

 Some interesting statistics according to China s
internet network information center, ( CNNIC ), the Issuer of internet content provider (ICP) of all the websites hosted
in China on mobile URL, General URL and Trusted URL to integrate with their mobile Internet cloud application system. 

  At the end of 2012 there were 564 million internet
users in China which calculates as 42.1% of the total population 

  Out of 564 million internet users, 420 million
decides to use their mobile to surf the internet which accounts for 74.5% of the total internet browsing population 

  The level of mobile browsing in China has become
significantly higher than in the West. 

 The stats indicate the significance of mobile internet
browsing in China. Therefore, in order for a company to have a significant brand image standing in the competitive Chinese market,
a well- designed mobile website is what a company should be looking to build. 

 About three-quarters of Chinese in first-tier cities
such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, and Chongqing are already online, but in rural areas it s 19 percent, according
to a survey by McKinsey Digital of Hong Kong, which helps companies shape their digital strategies. Even so, rural Chinese have
an affinity for e-commerce. Close to two-thirds of rural Chinese who do use the Internet say they have purchased items online;
that compares with 72 percent of users in the cities. 

  Types of Mobile Ads  

 In some markets, this type of advertising is most commonly
seen as a Mobile Web Banner (top of page) or Mobile Web Poster (bottom of page banner), while in others, it is dominated by SMS
advertising Other forms include MMS advertising, advertising within mobile games and mobile videos, during mobile TV receipt, full-screen
interstitials, 

 which appear while a requested item of mobile content
or mobile web page is loading up, and audio advertisements that can take the form of a jingle before a voicemail recording, or
an audio recording played while interacting with a telephone-based service such as movie ticketing or directory assistance. 

 The Mobile Marketing Association and the IAB (Interactive
Advertising Bureau) has published mobile advertising guidelines, but we contend that it is difficult to keep such guidelines current
in such a fast-developing area. 

 The effectiveness of a mobile media ad campaign, in
our estimation, can be measured in a variety of ways. The main measurements are impressions (views) and click-through rates 

 They are also sold to advertisers by views (Cost Per
Impression) or by click-through (Cost Per Click). Additional measurements include conversion rates, such as click-to-call rates
and other degrees of interactive measurement. 

 Mobile media can run on a mobile web page or within
a mobile application, often referred to as in-App. 

 One of the popular models in mobile advertising, in
our estimation, is Cost Per Install (CPI) where there the pricing model is based on the user installing an App on their mobile
phone. CPI Mobile Advertising Networks work either as incent or non-incent. In the incent model the user is given virtual points
or rewards to install the game or App. 

  Mobile Rich Media  

 In addition to standard mobile display banners, our
management has observed a growing trend to include rich media execution within the banner ads. This includes banners that would
expand to a larger size, offering advertisers a larger display to communicate their message. Games within the banner to make the
experience more interactive or a video within the banner space. 

 There are limitations to rich media on mobile because
all of the coding must be done in HTML5, since the iOS does not support flash. 

COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE    

Customer   Website
creation  

Website creation is a competitively open market focus on
design level, the degree of grasping customers  requirements and service ability. We have significant competitive advantages
among other providers. Whereas our website system mainly includes WAP/WEB and SaaS. 

FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND PLANS   

As part of our development plan to face the ever challenging
mobile B2C software market in North America, Europe and South America, we plan to further develop a MIMA Professional version of
its enterprise application and constantly perfect core technology to form a comprehensive service for basic informatization application
of businesses. Through constant evaluation of end user s requirements, we plan to focus on development of a leading cloud
operation platform for mobile internet enterprise website which will gradually attract an increasing number of users. We also plan
to establish a cloud operation platform which fully covers smart mobile client by strengthening the cooperation with application
products provider, content service provider, E-commerce hosting provider and Wireless network address licensors. 

Recent Developments:  

We
filed an S-1/A registration statement on October 14, 2015.      The
registration was deemed effective as of December 9, 2015.     

Critical Accounting Policies  

We prepare our financial statements in conformity with GAAP,
which requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions and apply judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on
historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be important at the time the financial statements
are prepared and actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material. We have identified below
the critical accounting policies which are assumptions made by management about matters that are highly uncertain and that are
of critical importance in the presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  On a regular
basis, we review our accounting policies and how they are applied and disclosed in our financial statements. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements. Estimates are based on historical experience, management expectations for future performance,
and other assumptions as appropriate. Key areas affected by estimates include the assessment of the recoverability of long-lived
assets, which is based on such factors as estimated future cash flows.  We re-evaluate estimates on an ongoing basis; therefore,
actual results may vary from those estimates. 

Fair Values of Financial Instruments   

The carrying values of cash, accounts receivable, accounts
payable and accrued expenses approximate the fair values of these instruments due to their short-term nature. The carrying amount
for borrowings under the financing agreement approximates fair value because of the variable market interest rates charged for
these borrowings. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

There are no off balance sheet arrangements. 

Capital Resources.  

We had no material commitments for capital expenditures as
of July 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Results of Operations for the years ended July 31, 2016
and 2015  

For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 as compared to the
fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, total revenues were $0 and $0, respectively; and net losses were $64,811 and $19,358 respectively.
The net losses were attributable to operating expenses. The operating expenses for the year ended July 31, 2016 included, but were
not limited to, professional, audit and bank fees.  The operating expenses for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015 included,
but were not limited to, professional and audit fees. 

Liquidity  

As of July 31, 2016 and 2015 we had cash and cash equivalents
of $159 and $0, respectively, and had working capital deficits of $9,262 and $0, respectively.  We have incurred negative
cash flows from operations since we started our business. We have spent and expect to continue to spend only those expenses and
amounts necessary to maintain public company registration status. Based on our current plans, our sole officer and director will
continue to fund operating expenses. 

As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, we had zero cash used in and
provided by investing activities. 

As of July 31, 2016 and 2015, we had $7,958 and $5,500 cash
provided by financing activities. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk.  

As a  smaller reporting company ,
we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

-7- 

Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data.  

CHINA
SOAR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Table of Contents 

-F1- 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   MALONE-BAILEY  

To the Board of Directors of 

 China Soar Information Technology, Inc. 

 Hong Kong 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of China
Soar Information Technology, Inc. (the  Company ) as of July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations,
stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company, as of July 31, 2016 and 2015,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and negative operating cash flows which raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP  

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

  November
15, 2016     

-F2- 

CHINA
SOAR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC.   

  BALANCE SHEETS   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

-F3- 

CHINA
SOAR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC.      STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

-F4- 

China
Soar Information   TECHNOLOGY, INC.      

   STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS        DEFICIT    

   FOR
THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND 2015    

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

-F5- 

CHINA
SOAR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC.      STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

-F6- 

CHINA
SOAR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC.      

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  FOR YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2016 AND
2015  

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  

China
Soar Information Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) formerly known as Go Public II, Inc., was
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 22, 2013. On May 26, 2015, our former director, Thomas DeNunzio resigned
and Mu Chun Lin was appointed as our president, CEO, CFO and sole director. We changed our name from Go Public II, Inc. to China
Soar Information Technology with the Delaware Secretary of State on June 16, 2015.  

We currently own
a piece of intellectual property to utilize, market, further develop and sell in North America, South America and Europe a software
application called ( MIMA ) to entrepreneurs and small businesses whereas any merchant can easily create a WEB/WAP
e-commerce website or cell phone client and enterprise mobile management information system by themselves. Merchants will not have
to rent network hardware operation system, entrust software development and recruit professional management. Instead, we can offer
the required network infrastructure, software and hardware platform for the merchant with a low monthly fee. MIMA was created,
owned and developed by our director, Mu Chun Lin over the course of ten years. 

NOTE
2 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      

  USE OF ESTIMATES.  

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements as well as the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from
these estimates. Due to the limited level of operations, the Company has not had to make material assumptions or estimates other
than the assumption that the Company is a going concern. 

  FISCAL YEAR
END.  

 The Company elected July 31st as its fiscal year
ending date. 

  CASH AND
CASH EQUIVALENTS.  

  For
the purpose of the financial statements cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with original maturity of three
months or less.   

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES. 

The Company follows ASC 450-20,  Loss
Contingencies,  to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments,
litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it 

  is
probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.   

  EARNINGS
(LOSS) PER SHARE.   

 The Company computes basic and diluted earnings per share
amounts in accordance with ASC Topic 260,  Earnings per Share . Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net
loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the 

 weighted average number of shares of common stock and potentially
outstanding shares of common stock during each period. There were no potentially dilutive shares outstanding as of July 31, 2016. 

  FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS.   

 ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ,
defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in
the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions
developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions
about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs).
The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels
of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities   

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means.   

Level 3 - Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.   

The Company s balance sheet includes certain financial
instruments. The carrying amounts of current assets and current liabilities approximate their fair value because of the relatively
short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization. 

INCOME
TAXES.  

  The
Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740,  Income Taxes . Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in income in the period the enactment occurs.  A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is
more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations.   

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. 

The
Company follows ASC 850,  Related Party Disclosures,  for the identification of related parties and disclosure
of related party transactions.   

SHARE-BASED EXPENSE. 

ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation ,
prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired.
Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments such
as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee
stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period). 

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued
to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50,  Equity   Based Payments to Non-Employees.  
Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable:
 (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued.  The fair value of the share-based payment
transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.   

-F7- 

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS. 

Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial
statements. The Company's management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company's
financial statements. 

NOTE 3 - GOING CONCERN  

  The
accompanying financial statements are prepared on a basis of accounting assuming that the Company is a going concern that contemplates
realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has no current revenue sources.
This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s
management plans to engage in very limited activities without incurring any liabilities that must be satisfied in cash until a
source of funding is secured. The Company will offer noncash consideration and seek equity lines as a means of financing its operations.
If the Company is unable to obtain revenue - producing contracts or financing or if the revenue or financing it does obtain is
insufficient to cover any operating losses it may incur, it may substantially curtail or terminate its operations or seek other
business opportunities through strategic alliances, acquisitions or other arrangements that may dilute the interests of existing
stockholders.  

  The
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  

NOTE
4 - INCOME TAXES      

The
Company has not recognized an income tax benefit for its operating losses generated based on uncertainties concerning its ability
to generate taxable income in future periods. The tax benefit for the periods presented is offset by a valuation allowance established
against deferred tax assets arising from the net operating losses and other temporary differences, the realization of which could
not be considered more likely than not. In future periods, tax benefits and related deferred tax assets will be recognized when
management considers realization of such amounts to be more likely than not. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code generally
requires us to limit the amount of its income in future years that can be offset by historic losses, i.e. net operating loss (NOL)
carryforwards and certain built-in losses, after a corporation has undergone an ownership change. As of July 31, 2016, the Company
has incurred net losses of $(91,713) resulting in a net operating loss for income tax purposes. NOLs begin expiring in 2033     .
The loss results in a deferred tax asset of approximately $32,110 at the effective statutory rate of 35%. The deferred tax asset
has been off-set by an equal valuation allowance.  

The reconciliation of the effective income tax rate to the
federal statutory rate is as follows: 

NOTE 5 - STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY  

Preferred Stock  

 The authorized preferred stock of the Company consists of
20,000,000 shares. There were no shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2016 and 2015. 

  Common Stock  

The authorized common stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000
shares with a par value if $0.0001. There were 75,000,000 issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2016 and 2015. 

On June 12, 2015, the Company sold 55,000,000 shares of common
stock at $.0001 totaling $5,500. This cash was received by the escrow agent named Proxy Management on behalf of the company. 

Additional Paid in Capital  

Amounts contributed to additional paid in capital for the
years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 totaled $55,549 and $15,858, respectively. (Note 6) 

NOTE 6 - RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Equity - Additional paid in capital  

During
the year ended July 31, 2016, Mu Chun Lin, our CEO, CFO and sole director, contributed $55,549 into additional paid-in
capital to fund operating expenses including cash contribution of $7,958 and expenses paid by shareholder in the amount of $47,591.

During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, expenses
of $15,858 were paid by the current and former directors and are considered as contributions to capital. Our current sole director,
Mr. Mu and the former sole director contributed $9,694 and $6,164 to the Company, respectively.      

-F8- 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.      

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

The Company has adopted and maintains
disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
in the reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is collected, recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules of the SEC.  The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are also
designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.  As required under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer
who also serves as our Principal Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.   Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Office who
also serves as our Principal Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective. 

The matters involving internal controls
and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board were: domination of management by a single individual without adequate compensating controls, lack of a majority of outside
directors on board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures; inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives, and lack of an audit committee. These
material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer in connection
with the above annual evaluation. 

Management believes that the material
weaknesses did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee
and inadequate segregation of duties results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal
controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 

Management recognizes that its controls
and procedures would be substantially improved if we had an audit committee and two individuals serving as officers and as such
is actively seeking to remediate this issue.  

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s
management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.  Management
conducted an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal
Control-Integrated framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework).  Based
on the assessment, management has concluded that, as of July 31, 2016, the Company s internal control over financial reporting
is ineffective based on those criteria. 

The Company s management, including
its Chief Executive Officer who also serves as our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures and its internal control processes will prevent all error and all fraud.  A control system, no matter
how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met.  Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs.  Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of error or fraud, if any, within the Company
have been detected.  These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and
that the breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.  Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control.  The design of any system
of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.  Over time, controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
 Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and
may not be detected.  However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.  Therefore,
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

Management s Remediation Initiatives   

In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses
and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures: 

We will create a position to segregate duties consistent
with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function
when funds are available to us. And, we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed
to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and
monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management
when funds are available to us. 

Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside
directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee
and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

We will work as quickly as possible to implement these initiatives;
however, the lack of adequate working capital and positive cash flow from operations will likely slow this implementation. 

Changes in Internal Control  

There have been no changes in internal controls over the
financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fourth quarter of 2016 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report
of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the
SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information.  

None. 

-8- 

PART III  

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance.  

Name   
       
       Age   
       
       Position(s)    

Mu Chun Lin  
       
      28  
       
      President, CEO, Secretary, Treasurer and Director   

Mu Chun Lin, President, Secretary, Treasurer and Director  

Mu Chun Lin    

Mu Chun Lin has been the CEO of Zhengzhou Xiangtian
Information Technology Company Limited since September 2006. He was responsible for the startup and development of the company
into a high growth, e-commerce company. Also of note is the fact that he created procedures for hiring, training as well as management
of sales team for business development with local state, government agencies which from company start-up has brought tremendous
growth. Additionally, Mu Chun Lin has been responsible for developing internet mobile technology since 2006. Mu Chun Lin was assistant
to the general manager and technical director of Henan Xinfeijinxin Computer Information Technology Co., LTD. Mu Chun Lin received
a bachelor s degree in journalism from Communication University of China in 2009. 

    Corporate Governance    

The Company promotes accountability
for adherence to honest and ethical conduct; endeavors to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in
reports and documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and in other public
communications made by the Company; and strives to be compliant with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations. The Company
has not formally adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and
Directors as the Company is not required to do so. 

In lieu of an Audit Committee, the Company s
Board of Directors, is responsible for reviewing and making recommendations concerning the selection of outside auditors, reviewing
the scope, results and effectiveness of the annual audit of the Company's financial statements and other services provided by the
Company s independent public accountants. The Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
of the Company review the Company's internal accounting controls, practices and policies. 

Employees   

At July 31, 2016 we had no employees. 

Directors  Term of Office   

Directors will hold office until the
next annual meeting of stockholders and the election and qualification of their successors.  Officers are elected annually
by our board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. Presently, we have a single director, Mu Chun
Lin. 

Director Independence   

Although our securities do not trade on any national securities
exchange, for purposes of independence we use the NASDAQ definition of independence. Our director, Mu Chun Lin, is not independent
because of his position as an executive officer of the Company. 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert   

Our sole director acts as our audit committee and compensation
committee. We do not have an  audit committee financial expert,  as that term is defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation
S-K promulgated under the Securities Act. The sole director believes that he is financially literate and experienced in business
matters and are capable of (1) understanding generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and financial statements,
(2) assessing the general application of GAAP principles in connection with our accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves,
(3) analyzing and evaluating our financial statements, (4) understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting,
and (5) understanding audit committee functions, all of which are attributes of an audit committee financial expert. However, the
sole director believes that no audit committee member has obtained these attributes through the experience specified in the SEC's
definition of  audit committee financial expert.  Further, as is the case with many small companies, it would be difficult
for us to attract and retain board members who qualify as  audit committee financial experts,  and competition for
such individuals is significant. The sole director believes that its current audit committee is able to fulfill its role under
SEC regulations despite not having a designated  audit committee financial expert.  

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s
executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s
equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of the Company s
common stock.  Such officers, directors and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms that they file with the SEC. 

Based solely on a review of the copies
of such forms that were received by the Company, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were
required for those persons, the Company is not aware of any failures to file reports or report transactions in a timely manner
during the Company s fiscal year ended July 31, 2016. 

Code of Ethics  

We have not established a Code of Ethics
applicable to our officers and directors. 

Procedure for Nominating Directors  

In 2016, we have not made any material
changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 

Family Relationships  

There are no family relationships among
our directors, executive officers or persons nominated to become executive officers or directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

During the past ten (10) years, none
of our directors, persons nominated to become directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons was involved in any of
the legal proceedings listen in Item 401 (f) of Regulation S-K. 

Arrangements  

There are no arrangements or understandings
between an executive officer, director or nominee and any other person pursuant to which he was or is to be selected as an executive
officer or director. 

-9- 

Item
11. Executive Compensation.      

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded to, earned
by, or paid to our named executive officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the years ended July 31, 2016
and 2015. 

Option/SAR Grants in Last Fiscal Year  

None. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  

None. 

Compensation of Directors  

The Company s sole director Mu Chun Lin received 20,000,000
shares of stock as compensation for services including but not limited to developing our business plan as director during the last
fiscal year. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

Not applicable. 

Employment Agreements  

None. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock and warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock as of November 15, 2016  by (i) each person (or group of affiliated persons) who is known by
us to own more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (ii) each of our directors and executive
officers, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group.  As of  November 15, 2016     ,
there were 75,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding.  

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC
rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. The principal address of each of the stockholders
listed below is c/o 12 Harcourt Road, Bank of America Tower, Suite 1308 Central, Hong Kong.  We believe that all persons
named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to shares beneficially owned by them. 

Principal Stockholders Table   

(1) Mu Chun Lin serves as President, Secretary, Treasurer
and Director of the Company. 

-10- 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  

None 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees
and Services.  

Below is the aggregate amount of fees
billed for professional services rendered by our principal accountants with respect to our last two fiscal years. 

Board of Directors Pre-Approval Process,
Policies and Procedures  

Our principal auditors have performed their audit procedures
in accordance with pre-approved policies and procedures established by our sole director. Our principal auditors have informed
our sole director of the scope and 

 nature of each service provided. With respect to the provisions
of services other than audit, review, or attest services, our principal accountants brought such services to the attention of our
sole director prior to commencing such services. 

-11- 

PART IV  

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules.  

(a) Financial Statements 

1. Financial statements for
our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document 

2. All financial statement
schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements
or notes thereto. 

(b) Exhibits required by Item 601 of
Regulation S-K. 

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (5)   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (5)   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (5)   

____________________ 

(1)  
      Filed as an exhibit to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as filed with the SEC on August 22, 2013, and incorporated herein by this reference.   
 
      (2)  
      Filed herewith.   
 
      (3)  
      Filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 29, 2015.   
 
      (4)  
      Filed on September 3, 2015.   
 
      (5)  
      Users of this data are advised that, pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or Annual Report for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

China Soar Information Technology ,  Inc.  

 (Registrant) 

By: /s/ Mu Chun Lin     

 Mu Chun Lin, director, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer 

 Dated: November
15, 2016 

Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ Mu Chun Lin     

 Mu Chun Lin, director, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer 

 Dated: November
15, 2016 

-12- 

<EX-31.1>
 5
 csit_exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1   

  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL  

  OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 AND  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION RELEASE
34-46427  

 I, Mu Chun Lin certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of China Soar Information Technology, Inc.    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      As the registrant s Principal Executive officer and Principal Financial Officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have:   

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report
any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  
      I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

By:  /s/ Mu Chun Lin  

 Mu Chun Lin 

 President, Principal Financial Officer 

 Dated: November 15, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 csit_exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1   

  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL  

  OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with the Report of China Soar Information Technology,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended July 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), 

 I, Mu Chun Lin certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

By:  /s/Mu Chun Lin  

 Mu Chun Lin 

 President, Principal Financial Officer 

 Dated: November 15, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 chinasoar-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 chinasoar-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 chinasoar-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 chinasoar-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 chinasoar-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

