<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1592379_0001592379-16-000150_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5750118</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123550</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>339911</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2014234</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2288466</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>862981</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001592379-16-000150.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102161119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001592379-16-000150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160926
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Papa Murphy's Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001592379
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				272349094
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36432
		FILM NUMBER:		161967928

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 NE PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98662
		BUSINESS PHONE:		360 260-7272

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8000 NE PARKWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 350
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98662

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001592379-16-000150.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 frsh201610qq3.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
                                        
  FORM 10-Q 
                                        
  (Mark One) 
  [X]   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 26, 2016 
  OR 
  [  ]   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from          to 
  Commission file number 001-36432 

Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(360) 260-7272 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
                                        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X].  No [  ]. 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes [X].  No [  ]. 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  accelerated filer,   large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                   Large accelerated filer [  ] 
      
    Accelerated filer [X] 
      Non-accelerated filer [  ] 
      
    Smaller reporting company [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [  ].  No [X]. 
  At   October 28, 2016  , there were 16,952,970 shares of the Registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    3 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income (Loss) for the three and nine months ended September 26, 2016, and September 28, 2015  
    3 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 26, 2016, and December 28, 2015  
    4 
        
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 26, 2016, and September 28, 2015  
    5 
        
     Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    6 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    14 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    24 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    24 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    25 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    25 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    27 
       Item 5.  
     Other information  
    27 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
    28 

SIGNATURES  
    29 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Financial Statements 
   
               Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Unaudited   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income (Loss) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Unaudited   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Unaudited   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

See accompanying notes. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

Note 1   Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 

Description of business 
  Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc. ( Papa Murphy s  or the  Company ), together with its subsidiaries, is a franchisor and operator of a Take  N  Bake pizza chain. The Company franchises the right to operate Papa Murphy s Take  N  Bake pizza franchises and operates Papa Murphy s Take  N  Bake pizza stores owned by the Company. As of   September 26, 2016  , the Company had   1,582   stores consisting of   1,541   domestic stores (  1,375   franchised stores and   166   Company-owned stores) across   38   states, plus   41   franchised stores in Canada and the United Arab Emirates. 
  Substantially all of the Company s revenues are derived from retail sales of pizza and other food and beverage products to the general public by Company-owned stores and the collection of franchise royalties and fees associated with franchise and development rights. 
  Basis of presentation 
  The accompanying   interim unaudited     condensed consolidated financial statements   have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the    SEC   ). Accordingly, they do not include all information and footnotes required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (   GAAP   ) for complete financial statements. In the Company s opinion, all necessary adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, have been made for the fair statement of the results of the interim periods presented. The results of operations for such interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. The accompanying   interim unaudited     condensed consolidated financial statements   should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the related notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 28, 2015  . 
  During the three months ended March 28, 2016, the Company early-adopted ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting   (   ASU 2016-09   ). The Company applied the new guidance on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment. As a result, changes have been made to the presentation of   Stockholders  Equity   in the   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   as of   December 28, 2015  . See   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   below for additional information. A summary of the changes made to the   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   as of   December 28, 2015  , is included in the following table: 

Principles of consolidation 
  The   interim unaudited     condensed consolidated financial statements   include the accounts of Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc., its subsidiaries and certain entities which the Company consolidates as variable interest entities (   VIE  s ). All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 
  Throughout the   interim unaudited     condensed consolidated financial statements   and the related notes thereto,  Papa Murphy s  and  the Company  refer to Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
  Fiscal year 
  The Company uses a 52- or 53-week fiscal year, ending on the Monday nearest to December 31. Fiscal year   2016   is a 53-week year and   2015   was a 52-week year. All three month periods presented herein contain 13 weeks. All references to years and quarters relate to fiscal periods rather than calendar periods. References to   2016   and   2015   are references to fiscal years ending   January 2, 2017   and ended   December 28, 2015  , respectively. 
  Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted 
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (   FASB   ) issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   (   ASU 2016-09   ), which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment awards to employees, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax withholding requirements, and classification in the statement of cash flows. The effective date for   ASU 2016-09   is for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted in any annual or interim period for which financial statements have not yet been issued. All amendments in   ASU 2016-09   that apply must be adopted in the same period. The Company early-adopted   ASU 2016-09   at the beginning of fiscal year 2016. As permitted under   ASU 2016-09  , the Company has elected to account for forfeitures in compensation cost when they occur in order to ease the administrative burden of estimating forfeitures. The effect of adopting   ASU 2016-09   is reflected in   Stockholders  Equity   in the   Condensed  
  
   6 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment. See   Basis of Presentation   above for additional information. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the   FASB   issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   (   ASU 2014-09   ), a new standard to achieve a consistent application of revenue recognition within the U.S., resulting in a single revenue model to be applied by reporting companies under GAAP. The original effective date for   ASU 2014-09   would have required adoption by the Company in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 with early adoption prohibited. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) - Deferral of the Effective Date  , which defers the effective date of   ASU 2014-09   for one year and permits early adoption in accordance with the original effective date of   ASU 2014-09  . In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)   which is an amendment to the new revenue recognition standard on assessing whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a revenue transaction. This amendment addresses implementation issues that were discussed by the Revenue Recognition Transition Resource Group to clarify the principal versus agent assessment and lead to more consistent application. This new standard has the same effective date and transition requirements as   ASU 2014-09  . 
  The new revenue standard is required to be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application. The Company has not yet selected a transition method. The Company is continuing to evaluate the impact the adoption of this standard will have on the recognition of revenue. 
  In February 2016, the   FASB   issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)   (   ASU 2016-02   ). This update requires that lessees recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by all leases with terms of more than twelve months.   ASU 2016-02   also will require disclosures designed to give financial statement users information on the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include both qualitative and quantitative information. The effective date for   ASU 2016-02   is for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact of   ASU 2016-02   on its financial position and results of operations. 
  In August 2016, the   FASB   issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 320)   (   ASU 2016-15   ). This update clarifies the presentation of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. The effective date for   ASU 2016-15   is for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact of   ASU 2016-15   on its consolidated statements of cash flows. 
   
               Note 2   Acquisitions 

On April 11, 2016, Papa Murphy s Company Stores, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, acquired certain assets used in the operation of   nine   Papa Murphy s stores in the Joplin, Missouri, and Fort Smith, Arkansas, areas from a franchise owner. The total consideration paid of approximately   $2.9 million   was funded through existing cash,   $0.5 million   in insurance proceeds and advances on the Company's   Senior Credit Facility   (see   Note 8   Financing Arrangements  ). 
  The fair values of the assets acquired are summarized below (in thousands): 

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and is expected to be fully deductible for income tax purposes. This goodwill is primarily attributable to the acquired customer bases and, to a lesser extent, economies of scale expected from combining the operations of the acquired stores with the existing operations of the Company. 
  The pro forma effects of this acquisition and the operating results of the acquired stores are not presented because the effects were not material to reported results. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

Note 3   Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following: 

The Company recognizes software license revenue upon the resale of Point of Sale (   POS   ) software licenses to franchise owners at cost. The income from the sale is included in   Other   revenues and the related expense is recorded in   Selling, general, and administrative   costs on the   Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Income (Loss)  .   POS   software license revenue during the periods reported was as follows: 

Note 4   Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are net of accumulated depreciation of   $15.5 million   and   $13.8 million   at   September 26, 2016  , and   December 28, 2015  , respectively. Depreciation expense during the periods reported was as follows: 

Note 5   Goodwill 

The following summarizes changes to the Company s goodwill, by reportable segment: 

There is   no   goodwill associated with the International Segment. The Company has determined that during the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , there were no triggering events that would require an updated impairment review. 
   
               Note 6   Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets are net of accumulated amortization of   $25.4 million   and   $23.0 million   as of   September 26, 2016  , and   December 28, 2015  , respectively. Amortization expense during the periods reported was as follows: 

8 

Table of Contents  

Note 7   Receivables 

Notes Receivable 
  Notes receivable consist of a note maturing in 2020 that is collateralized by store assets. Changes in the account balance represent amortization payments collected pursuant to the terms of the note. 
  Accounts Receivable 
  The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows: 

Note 8   Financing Arrangements 

Long-term debt consists of the following: 

Senior secured credit facility 
  On August 28, 2014, PMI Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc., entered into a   $132.0 million   senior secured credit facility (the    Senior Credit Facility   ) consisting of a   $112.0 million   term loan and a   $20.0 million   revolving credit facility, which includes a   $2.5 million   letter of credit subfacility and a   $1.0 million   swing-line loan subfacility. The term loan and any loans made under the revolving credit facility mature in   August 2019  . As of   September 26, 2016  ,   $105.0 million   of the term loan was subject to the LIBOR rate option at   3.77%  , and the remaining   $0.9 million   was subject to the base rate option at   5.75%  . As of   September 26, 2016  , the revolving credit facility was subject to the LIBOR rate option at   3.77%  . 
  With a maturity date of over one year from   September 26, 2016  , balances outstanding under the   Senior Credit Facility   are classified as non-current on the   Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  , except for mandatory, minimum term loan amortization payments of   $1.4 million   due on the last day of each fiscal quarter. A portion of the Company s future term loan amortization payments have been made in advance of their due dates. 
  The weighted average interest rate for all borrowings under our   Senior Credit Facility   for the   third   quarter of   2016   was   3.75%  . 
  Notes payable 
  Papa Murphy s Company Stores, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Papa Murphy s Holdings, Inc., has a   $3.0 million   note payable which bears interest at   5%   and matures in   December 2018  . This note is subordinated to the   Senior Credit Facility  . 
   
               Note 9   Fair Value Measurement 

The Company determines the fair value of assets and liabilities based on the price that would be received to sell the asset or paid to transfer the liability to a market participant.   GAAP   defines a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the assumptions used to measure fair value. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows: 
             
    Level 1         Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access. 
                
    Level 2         Observable inputs other than prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated with observable market data. 
                
    Level 3         Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets and liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. 
     
   9 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

(1) 
    The fair value of notes receivable was estimated primarily using a discounted cash flow method based on a discount rate, reflecting the applicable credit spread. 
     Financial instruments not included in the table above consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and long-term debt. The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate carrying value because of the short-term nature of the accounts. The fair value of long-term debt approximates carrying value because the borrowings are made with variable market rates and negotiated terms and conditions that are consistent with current market rates. 
   
               Note 10   Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following: 

Information on the Company s income taxes for the periods reported is as follows: 

The effective income tax rate for the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , and   September 28, 2015  , includes the effect of certain permanent adjustments arising from differences between U.S.   GAAP   and U.S. federal and state income tax law and the relative impact of those adjustments on a small quarterly   (Loss) income before income taxes  . 
  The effective income tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , includes the effect of an adjustment for a tax benefit shortfall created by share-based payments at settlement that were made during the period. The effective income tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , includes the effect of a discrete adjustment for the cumulative share-based compensation expense adjustment for certain awards previously considered unlikely to vest. 
   
               Note 12   Share-based Compensation 

In May 2010, the Company s Board of Directors approved the 2010 Amended Management Incentive Plan (the    2010 Plan   ). In May 2014, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the    2014 Plan  ,  and together with the   2010 Plan  , the    Incentive Plans   ). The   Incentive Plans   reserve   2,116,747   common shares for equity incentive awards consisting of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards, and unrestricted stock awards. Equity incentive awards may be issued from either the   2014 Plan   or the   2010 Plan  . 
  Under the   Incentive Plans  , there are   557,984   and   584,017   shares of restricted common stock awarded to eligible employees as of   September 26, 2016  , and   December 28, 2015  , respectively. In addition, there are   1,201,239   and   1,076,555   stock options issued to eligible employees under the   Incentive Plans   as of   September 26, 2016  , and   December 28, 2015  , respectively. 
  During the three months ended March 28, 2016, the Company early adopted   ASU 2016-09  . As permitted under   ASU 2016-09  , the Company has elected to account for forfeitures in compensation cost when they occur in order to ease the administrative burden of estimating  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

forfeitures. See   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   in   Note 1   Description of Business and Basis of Presentation   for additional information.  
  Restricted common shares 
  Information with respect to restricted stock activity is as follows: 

The weighted average fair value of share-based compensation awards granted and the fair values of awards granted and vested during the periods reported were as follows: 

Stock options 
  Information with respect to stock option activity is as follows: 

Fair value information for options granted and vested and the intrinsic value of options exercised during the periods reported are as follows: 

Compensation cost and valuation 
  Total compensation costs recognized in connection with the   Incentive Plans   during the periods reported were as follows: 

As of   September 26, 2016  , the total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense was   $2.4 million  , with   $1.8 million   associated with time vesting awards and   $0.6 million   associated with performance vesting awards. The remaining weighted average contractual life for unrecognized stock-based compensation expense was   2.7 years   as of   September 26, 2016  . 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

The fair value of the stock option awards granted during the periods reported was estimated using the Black-Scholes model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Note 13   Earnings per Share (EPS) 

The number of shares and earnings per share (   EPS   ) data for all periods presented are based on the historical weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding. Basic   EPS   is calculated by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted   EPS   is calculated using income available to common stockholders divided by diluted weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding during each period, which includes unvested restricted common stock and outstanding stock options. Diluted   EPS   considers the impact of potentially dilutive securities except in periods in which there is a loss because the inclusion of the potential common shares would have an anti-dilutive effect. 
  The following table sets forth the computations of basic and dilutive   EPS  : 

(1) 
    The Company s potential common stock instruments such as stock options and restricted stock were not included in the computation of diluted EPS for the three months ended September 26, 2016, as the effect of including these shares in the calculation would have been anti-dilutive. 
     For the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , and   September 28, 2015  , an aggregated total of   1,165,000   shares and   70,000   shares, respectively, have been excluded from the diluted   EPS   calculation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. For the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , and   September 28, 2015  , an aggregated total of   575,000   shares and   69,000   shares, respectively, have been excluded from the diluted   EPS   calculation because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
   
               Note 14   Commitments and Contingencies 

Operating lease commitments 
  The Company leases facilities and various office equipment under non-cancelable operating leases which expire through   December 2025  . Lease terms for its Company-owned stores are generally for   five years   with renewal options and generally require the Company to pay a proportionate share of real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance, and other operating costs. 
  The Company has entered into operating leases that it has subleased to   three   franchised stores. These operating leases have minimum base rent terms, contingent rent terms if individual franchised store sales exceed certain levels and have terms expiring on various dates from   May 2020   to   October 2020  .  
  Lease guarantees 
  The Company is the guarantor for operating leases of   17   franchised stores that have terms expiring on various dates from   September 2017   to   September 2021  . The obligations from these leases will generally continue to decrease over time as the leases expire. The applicable franchise owners continue to have primary liability for these operating leases. As of   September 26, 2016  , the Company does not believe it is probable it would be required to perform under the outstanding guarantees. 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

Legal proceedings 
  The Company is currently subject to litigation with a group of franchise owners. In January 2014,   six   franchise owner groups claimed that the Company misrepresented sales volumes, made false representations to them and charged excess advertising fees, among other things. The Company engaged in mediation with these franchise owners, which is required under the terms of their franchise agreements, in order to address and resolve their claims, but was unable to reach a settlement agreement. On April 4, 2014, a total of   twelve   franchise owner groups, including those franchise owners that previously made the allegations described above, filed a lawsuit against the Company in the Superior Court in Clark County, Washington, making essentially the same allegations for violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, fraud, negligent misrepresentation and breach of contract and seeking declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as monetary damages. Based on motions filed by the Company in that lawsuit, the court ruled on July 9, 2014 that certain of the plaintiffs  claims under the anti-fraud and nondisclosure provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act should be dismissed and that certain other claims in the case would need to be more specifically alleged. The court also ruled that the   six   franchise owner groups who had not mediated with the Company prior to filing the lawsuit must mediate with the Company in good faith, and that their claims be stayed until they have completed mediating with the Company in good faith. 
  On June 18, 2014, an additional   16   franchise owner groups, represented by the same counsel as the plaintiffs described above, filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court in Clark County, Washington making essentially the same allegations as made in the lawsuit described above and seeking declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as monetary damages. The court consolidated the   two   lawsuits into a single case and ordered that the plaintiffs in the new lawsuit, none of whom had mediated with the Company prior to filing the lawsuit, must do so, and that their claims be stayed until they have done so. 
  In October 2014, the Company engaged in mediation with the   22   franchise owner groups who had not previously done so. As a result of that mediation and other efforts since then, the Company has reached resolution with   13   of the franchise owner groups involved in the consolidated lawsuits, and their claims have either been dismissed or dismissal is pending. In addition, some of the claims have been dismissed without prejudice and, as a result, those plaintiffs could refile their claims if various contingencies are not met and the Company therefore provides no assurance that those dismissals will actually occur or remain in effect. 
  In February 2015, the remaining plaintiffs in the consolidated lawsuits filed an amended complaint, removing some claims, amending some claims, adding claims and naming some of the Company s former and current franchise sales staff as additional individual defendants. In September 2016, the remaining plaintiffs in the consolidated lawsuits filed a motion seeking to further amend their complaint to add a claim under the Washington Consumer Protection Act based on substantially the same allegations as the prior claims, to re-plead claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act that had previously been dismissed, and to dismiss Dan Harmon as a defendant. As before, the Company believes the allegations in this litigation lack merit and, for those plaintiffs with whom the Company is unable to reach resolution, the Company will continue to vigorously defend its interests, including by asserting a number of affirmative defenses and, where appropriate, counterclaims. The Company provides no assurance that it will be successful in its defense of these lawsuits; however, it does not currently expect the cost of resolving them to have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  The Company is also currently named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed by plaintiff John Lennartson on May 8, 2015, in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington. The lawsuit alleges the Company failed to comply with the requirements of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) when it sent SMS text messages to consumers. The plaintiff in the lawsuit asks that the court certify the putative class and that statutory damages under the TCPA be awarded to plaintiff and each class member. On October 14, 2016, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) granted the Company a limited waiver from the TCPA s written consent requirements for certain text messages that the Company sent between October 16, 2013 and October 7, 2015 to individuals who, like the plaintiff, provided written consent prior to October 16, 2013. The Company believes that the FCC s waiver eliminates the legal basis for the plaintiff s claim and has filed a motion for summary judgment seeking dismissal. Plaintiff has filed a motion seeking to extend the time to respond to the summary judgment motion on the basis that he intends to appeal the FCC's waiver. While the Company believes the plaintiff s interpretation of law is incorrect and the claim should be dismissed and it will continue to vigorously defend ourselves in the lawsuit, it provides no assurance that it will be successful in this action. An adverse judgment or settlement related to this lawsuit could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  In addition to the foregoing, the Company is subject to routine legal proceedings, claims, and litigation in the ordinary course of its business. The Company may also engage in future litigation with franchise owners to enforce the terms of franchise agreements and compliance with brand standards as determined necessary to protect the Company s brand, the consistency of products and the customer experience. Lawsuits require significant management attention and financial resources and the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain. The Company does not, however, currently expect that the costs to resolve these routine matters will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Note 15   Related Party Transactions 

Employee loans related to share purchases 
  In connection with share-based compensation, the Company previously made loans to certain non-officer employees of the Company (see   Note 12   Share-based Compensation  ). Loans made in connection with the issuance of the Company s equity are recognized in   Stock subscriptions receivable   as a reduction of total equity. As of   September 26, 2016  , the Company had   no   outstanding stock subscription receivables. As of   December 28, 2015  , the Company had stock subscription receivables of   $0.1 million  . 
  
   13 

Table of Contents  

Note 16   Segment Information 

The Company has the following reportable segments: (i) Domestic Franchise; (ii) Domestic Company Stores; and (iii) International. The Domestic Franchise segment includes operations with respect to franchised stores in the United States and derives its revenues primarily from franchise and development fees and franchise royalties from franchised stores in the United States. The Domestic Company Stores segment includes operations with respect to Company-owned stores in the United States and derives its revenues from retail sales of pizza and side items to the general public. The International segment includes operations related to the Company s operations outside the United States and derives its revenues from franchise and development fees and franchise royalties from franchised stores outside the United States. 
  The following tables summarize information on profit or loss and assets for each of the Company s reportable segments: 

(1) 
    Other assets which are not allocated to the individual segments primarily include trade names and trademarks and taxes receivable. 
      
  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited   condensed consolidated financial statements   and related notes in Item 1 and with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 28, 2015  . To match our operating cycle, we use a 52- or 53-week fiscal year, ending on the Monday nearest to December 31. Our fiscal quarters each contain 13 operating weeks, with the exception of the fourth quarter of a 53-week fiscal year, which contains 14 operating weeks. Fiscal year   2016   is a 53-week period ending on   January 2, 2017  , and   2015   was a 52-week period ended on   December 28, 2015  . 
  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors including, but not limited to, those discussed in the sections entitled  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 28, 2015  , as revised by the risk factors disclosed under the section title  Risk Factors  in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2016   and as further revised by the risk factors disclosed under the section title  Risk Factors  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  . All statements other than statements of historical fact or relating to present facts or current conditions included in this discussion and analysis are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements give our current expectations and projections relating to our financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business. You can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Examples of forward-looking statements include those  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

regarding our future financial or operating results, cash flows, sufficiency of liquidity, financing resources, business strategies and priorities,   effects of advertising cost increases and shift in mix of marketing efforts,   resolution of litigation and claims, expectations for reducing operating costs through the use of our   POS   system terminals, expansion and growth opportunities, the number and mix of new store openings, exposure to foreign currency and interest rate risk, synergies and economies of scale resulting from acquisitions, the deductibility of goodwill for income tax purposes, as well as industry trends and outlooks. These statements may include words such as  anticipate,   estimate,   expect,   project,   plan,   intend,   believe,   may,   should,   can have,   likely  and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of the timing or nature of future operating or financial performance or other events  . 
  The forward-looking statements contained in this discussion and analysis are based on assumptions that we have made in light of our industry experience and our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate in the circumstances. As you read and consider this discussion and analysis, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. They involve risks, uncertainties (many of which are beyond our control) and assumptions. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, you should be aware that many factors could affect our actual operating and financial performance and cause our performance to differ materially from the performance anticipated in the forward-looking statements. We believe these factors include, but are not limited to, those described under the section entitled  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 28, 2015  , as revised by those described under the section entitled  Risk Factors  in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 2016 a  nd as further revised by the risk factors disclosed under the section title  Risk Factors    in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  . Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of these assumptions prove incorrect, our actual operating and financial performance may vary in material respects from expectations based on these forward-looking statements. 
  Any forward-looking statement made by us in this discussion and analysis speaks only as of the date on which we make it. Factors or events that could cause our actual operating and financial performance to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 

Revenue 
  Total revenues for the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  , grew   1.4%   from   $28.1 million   to   $28.5 million  , and total revenues for the   nine months ended September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine months ended September 28, 2015  , grew   5.8%   from   $86.4 million   to   $91.4 million  , in each case, due primarily to new store openings and the strategic acquisition of franchised stores, partially offset by a decline in comparable store sales. 
  Comparable store sales in   2016   compared to   2015   for selected segments were as follows: 

Comparable store sales for the   three and nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , were affected by an increasingly competitive landscape,   including significantly more aggressive value offerings across pizza and other food service providers and additional competition from grocery stores, as consumers have responded to recent declines in food costs by preparing more meals at home. In addition, the increase in television advertising rates, as a result of the U.S. election and Summer Olympics, combined with the impact of shifting the mix of our marketing efforts from traditional television advertising towards initiatives to promote online ordering in the first half of 2016, resulted in lower seasonal and absolute media levels, which we believe had an adverse effect on our comparable store sales for the three and nine months ended September 26, 2016. 
  Store Development 
  We and our franchise owners opened   26   stores, including   24   in the United States, in the three months ended   September 26, 2016  . In the   nine months ended September 26, 2016  , we and our franchise owners opened   81   stores, including   77   in the United States. While we plan to strategically expand our Company-owned store base in select markets, we may also refranchise select Company-owned stores over time as opportunities arise. We expect the majority of our new store expansion will continue to be from new franchised store openings. 
  Technology Investments 
  Our   POS   system is an important technology platform and tool for our future growth. Future precision marketing tools and mobile coupon capabilities necessitate   POS   system terminals in our stores.   POS   system terminals have been installed in nearly all stores as of   September 26, 2016  . We believe that an opportunity remains for many of our franchise owners to reduce their operating costs by increased utilization of the   POS   system. We continue to implement an integrated online ordering platform coupled with the latest version of our   POS   system software. 
  
   15 

Table of Contents  

Our Segments 

We operate in three business segments: Domestic Franchise, Domestic Company Stores, and International. Our Domestic Franchise segment consists of our domestic franchised stores, which represent the majority of our system-wide stores. Our Domestic Company Stores segment consists of our Company-owned stores in the United States. Our International segment consists of our stores outside of the United States, all of which are franchised. The following table sets forth our   Revenues  ,   Segment Operating Income (Loss)  , and   Depreciation and amortization   for each of our segments for the periods presented:    

Key Operating Metrics 

We evaluate the performance of our business using a variety of operating and performance metrics. Set forth below is a description of our key operating metrics. 

Average Weekly Sales 
  Average Weekly Sales (   AWS   ) consists of the average weekly sales of domestic franchised and Company-owned stores over a specified period of time.   AWS   is calculated by dividing the total net sales of our domestic system-wide stores for the relevant time period by the number of weeks those same stores were open during that time period. This measure allows management to assess changes in customer traffic and spending patterns at our domestic system-wide stores. 
  Comparable Store Sales 
  Comparable store sales represents the change in year-over-year sales for comparable stores. A comparable store is a store open for at least 52 full weeks from the comparable date (the Tuesday following the opening date). This measure highlights the performance of existing stores, while excluding the effect of newly opened or closed stores. Comparable store sales reflects changes in the number of transactions and in customer spend per transaction at existing stores. Customer spend per transaction is affected by changes in menu prices, sales mix, and the number of items sold per customer. 
  System-Wide Sales 
  System-wide sales include net sales by all of our system-wide stores. This measure allows management to assess the health of our brand, our relative position to competitors, and changes in our revenues. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Store Openings, Closures, Acquisitions, and Divestitures 
  We review the number of new stores, the number of closed stores, and the number of acquisitions and divestitures of stores to assess growth in system-wide sales, royalty revenues, and Company-owned store sales. We operate through a footprint of   1,582   stores as of   September 26, 2016  , of which   89.5%   are franchised, located in   38   states plus Canada and the Middle East. The following table presents the changes in the number of stores in our system for the   nine months ended September 26, 2016  . 

(1) 
    Net transfers are the number of franchised stores acquired by the Company, less the number of Company-owned stores refranchised. 
     EBITDA   and   Adjusted EBITDA    
  To supplement our   condensed consolidated financial statements   presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. (   GAAP   ), we consider certain financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with   GAAP  . These non-  GAAP   financial measures are not based on any standardized methodology prescribed by   GAAP   and are not necessarily comparable to similarly-titled measures presented by other companies. 
     Adjusted EBITDA    is calculated as net   (loss) income   before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, and amortization (   EBITDA   ) as adjusted for: 
             
    all non-cash losses or expenses (including non-cash share-based compensation expenses and the non-cash portion of rent expenses relating to the difference between   GAAP   and cash rent expenses), excluding any non-cash loss or expense that is an accrual of a reserve for a cash expenditure or payment to be made, or anticipated to be made, in a future period; 
                
    non-cash gains and losses on disposal or impairment of property and equipment; 
                
    non-recurring or unusual cash fees, costs, charges, losses, and expenses; 
                
    fees, costs, and expenses related to acquisitions; and 
                
    pre-opening costs with respect to new Company-owned stores. 
     Adjusted EBITDA   eliminates the effects of items that we do not consider indicative of our operating performance.   Adjusted EBITDA   is a supplemental measure of operating performance that does not represent and should not be considered as an alternative to net   (loss) income  , as determined by   GAAP  , and our calculation of   Adjusted EBITDA   may not be comparable to that reported by other companies. 
  Adjusted EBITDA   is a non-  GAAP   financial measure. Management believes that this financial measure, when viewed with our results of operations in accordance with   GAAP   and our reconciliation of   Adjusted EBITDA   to net   (loss) income  , provides additional information to investors about certain material non-cash items and about unusual items that we do not expect to continue at the same level in the future. By providing this non-  GAAP   financial measure, we believe we are enhancing investors  understanding of our business and our results of operations, as well as assisting investors in evaluating how well we are executing strategic initiatives. We believe   Adjusted EBITDA   is used by investors as a supplemental measure to evaluate the overall operating performance of companies in our industry. 
  Management uses   Adjusted EBITDA   and other similar measures: 
             
    in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis; 
                
    to calculate incentive compensation for our employees; 
                
    for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget; and 
                
    to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies. 
     Adjusted EBITDA   has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under   GAAP  . Some of the limitations are: 
             
    Adjusted EBITDA   does not reflect the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt; 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA   excludes pre-opening costs and non-cash GAAP rent expense with respect to new Company-owned stores, which we will continue to incur in the future as we open new stores consistent with our growth strategy; 
                
    although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and   Adjusted EBITDA   does not reflect the cash requirements for such replacements; and 
                
    Adjusted EBITDA   does not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes. 
     To address these limitations, we reconcile   Adjusted EBITDA   to the most directly comparable   GAAP   measure, net income. Further, we also review   GAAP   measures and evaluate individual measures that are not included in   Adjusted EBITDA  . 
  The following table provides a reconciliation of our net   (loss) income   to   Adjusted EBITDA   for the periods presented: 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Represents non-cash gains and losses resulting from disposal of property and equipment, including divested Company-owned stores. 
              (2) 
    Represents offering costs related to the secondary offering of the Company's common stock. 
              (3) 
    Represents a $4 million loss recognized upon impairment of Project Pie, a cost-method investment, and its subsequent disposal, and the write-off as bad debt receivables totaling $325,000. 
              (4) 
    Represents transaction costs relating to the acquisition of multiple franchised stores. 
              (5) 
    Represents expenses directly associated with the opening of new Company-owned stores and incurred primarily in advance of the store opening, including wages, benefits, and travel for training of opening teams, grand opening marketing costs, and other store operating costs.  
              (6) 
    Represents (i) non-cash expenses related to equity-based compensation; (ii) non-cash expenses related to the difference between   GAAP   and cash rent expense; and (iii) state revenue taxes levied in lieu of an income tax. 
     
   18 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth our results of operations in dollars and as a percentage of total revenues for the   three and nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , and   September 28, 2015  .    

(1) 
    Please see the table presented in   Costs and Expenses   below, which presents Company-owned store expenses as a percentage of Company-owned store revenue for the   three and nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , and   September 28, 2015  . 
     Revenues 
  Total revenues  .   In the three and nine months ended   September 26, 2016  ,   Total revenues   grew primarily from the acquisition of franchised stores in 2015 and 2016 by our Domestic Company Stores segment and net new store openings, partially offset by a decline in domestic comparable store sales of   5.8%   and   4.1%   in the three and nine months ended   September 26, 2016  , respectively. 
  Franchise royalties  .     Franchise royalties     decreased   in the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  , primarily due to a decline in Domestic Franchise comparable store sales of   5.6%  . These declines were partially offset by a 2.4% increase in royalties as a result of an increase of 42 Domestic Franchise stores, net of closures and transfers, since June 29, 2015. 
  Franchise royalties     decreased   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , primarily due to a decline in Domestic Franchise comparable store sales of   4.0%  . These declines were partially offset by a 2.2% increase in royalties as a result of an increase of 33 Domestic Franchise stores, net of closures and transfers, since   December 29, 2014  . 
  The decrease in   Franchise royalties   as a percentage of   Total revenues   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , was the result of increases in the number of Company-owned stores year-over-year. 
  Franchise and development fees  .     Franchise and development fees     decreased   in the   three   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  , primarily due to a reduction in forfeited fees and transfer fees. 
  Franchise and development fees     decreased   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , primarily due to a reduction in forfeited fees, transfer fees, and decreased initial fees from franchised store openings. 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

Company-owned store sales  .     Company-owned store sales     increased   in the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  , due to the acquisition of 11 franchised stores from franchise owners and the opening of 41 Company-owned stores since June 29, 2015, partially offset by the divestiture of four stores since June 29, 2015, and a decline in comparable store sales of   7.7%   in the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  . 
  Company-owned store sales     increased   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , due to the opening of   48   Company-owned stores and the acquisition of   32   franchised stores from franchise owners since   December 29, 2014  , partially offset by the divestiture of   four   stores and the closure of   one   store since   December 29, 2014   and a decline in comparable store sales of   5.6%   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  . 
  Costs and Expenses 
  Total costs and expenses  .     Total costs and expenses     increased   in the   three and nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , primarily as a result of the increase in the number of Company-owned stores year-over-year, as further detailed below. 
  Store operating costs  .     Store operating costs   as a percentage of total revenues   increased   in the   three and nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , primarily as a result of the increase in the number of Company-owned stores year-over-year, including many stores in less developed markets with lower average sales volumes. 
  The following table presents the components of   Store operating costs   as a percentage of   Company-owned store sales   for the periods reported: 

Total store operating costs   as a percentage of   Company-owned store sales     increased     480   basis points in the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  , due primarily to the effect of Company-owned store portfolio changes as we increased our store ownership in less developed markets (as described in more detail below) and a decline in comparable store sales of   7.7%   in the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  . Additional factors during the comparable periods that increased   Total store operating costs   were new store labor inefficiencies and lease expenses associated with new stores during the pre-opening stage. 
  Total store operating costs   as a percentage of   Company-owned store sales     increased     570   basis points in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , due primarily to the effect of Company-owned store portfolio changes as we increased our store ownership in less developed markets (as described in more detail below) and a decline in comparable store sales of   5.6%   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  . Additional factors during the comparable periods that increased   Total store operating costs   were new store labor inefficiencies and lease expenses associated with new stores during the pre-opening stage. 
             
    Compensation and benefits  .   As we open or acquire stores in less developed markets with lower average sales volumes, we realize lower efficiencies in labor due to minimum labor demands for a store, regardless of volume. As we invest in these new stores and develop the markets, we expect sales to grow and   Compensation and benefits   to approach that of our broader portfolio of stores. Compensation and benefits have also been impacted by the significant growth in new Company-owned stores, since labor costs for newly opened stores typically approach our portfolio average 12-18 months after a store is opened. 
                 
    Company-owned store portfolio changes.   We acquired   32   stores from franchise owners, opened   48   new stores, closed   one   store, and refranchised   four   stores since   December 29, 2014  . Most of the stores acquired and all of the new stores opened have sales volumes currently lower than the average store sales for the rest of our portfolio. 
     Selling, general, and administrative  .     Selling, general, and administrative   costs were flat for the three months ended   September 26, 2016   and   September 28, 2015  , primarily because a year-over-year increase of $0.3 million in costs associated with our new e-commerce and  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

online ordering platform was offset by a year-over-year decrease of $0.3 million in compensation and benefits as a result of unearned incentive compensation. 
  Selling, general, and administrative   costs were flat for the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016   and   September 28, 2015  , primarily because a year-over-year increase of $0.9 million in costs associated with our new e-commerce and online ordering platform was offset by a year-over-year decrease of $1.1 million in compensation and benefits as a result of unearned incentive compensation. 
  Depreciation and amortization  .     Depreciation and amortization     increased   in the   three and nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   three and nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , due primarily to the depreciation associated with an increased number of Company-owned stores and increased capital expenditures for business technology projects. 
  Interest expense, net  .     Interest expense, net     increased   in the   three   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   three   months ended   September 28, 2015  , due to increased average borrowing rates and draws on our revolving credit facility.   Interest expense, net     increased   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , due to increased average borrowing rates, partially offset by a reduction in long-term debt outstanding. 
  Income Taxes.   The Provision for income taxes   decreased   in the   three and nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , due primarily to a reduction in Income Before Income Taxes. 
  The effective tax rate for the   three   months ended   September 26, 2016  , was   23.6%   compared to   39.9%   for the   three   months ended   September 28, 2015  . The effective income tax rate decreased primarily due to the effect of certain permanent adjustments arising from differences between U.S.   GAAP   and U.S. federal and state income tax law and the relative impact of those adjustments on a small quarterly   (Loss) income before income taxes  . The effective tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , was   44.5%   compared to   40.4%   for the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  . The effective income tax rate increased primarily due to the effect of an adjustment for a tax benefit shortfall created by share-based payments at settlement that were made during the period.   Our income taxes have varied from what would be expected from the application of prevailing statutory rates, primarily due to the impact of meal and entertainment expenses and share-based compensation expenses. 
  Segment Results 
  Domestic Franchise.     Total revenues   for the Domestic Franchise segment   decreased     $0.7 million   and   $1.0 million   in the three and   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , respectively, compared to the three and   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , due to decreases in   Franchise royalties   and   Franchise and development fees   as discussed above. 
  Operating Income   for the Domestic Franchise segment   decreased     $1.6 million   in the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  , due to a   $0.7 million   decline in segment revenues, $0.3 million increase in   Depreciation and amortization  , and a $0.6 million increase in   Selling, general, and administrative   costs.   Operating Income   for the Domestic Franchise segment   decreased     $3.5 million   in the nine months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , due to a   $1.0 million   decline in segment revenues, a $0.7 million increase in   Depreciation and amortization  , and a $1.8 million increase in   Selling, general, and administrative   costs. 
  Domestic Company Stores.     Total revenues   for the Domestic Company Stores segment   increased     $1.1 million   and   $5.9 million   in the three and   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , respectively, compared to the three and   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , as a result of changes in   Company-owned store sales   as discussed above. 
  Operating Income for the Domestic Company Stores segment decreased   $1.1 million   in the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  , as a result of lower margins from stores acquired and newly opened since June 29, 2015, most of which are in lesser developed markets, a year-over-year decline in comparable store sales of   7.7%  , and an increase in pre-opening costs of   $0.2 million  . Operating Income for the segment   decreased     $3.6 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , as a result of lower margins from stores acquired and newly opened in the past twelve months, most of which are in lesser developed markets, a year-over-year decline in comparable store sales of   5.6%  , and an increase in pre-opening costs of   $0.8 million  . 
  International.   Total revenues for the International segment   increased   for the three and nine months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three and nine months ended   September 28, 2015  , primarily due to the opening of 13 net stores since   December 29, 2014  . 
  Operating Income   for the International segment remained unchanged for the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 28, 2015  .   Operating Income   for the International segment increased for the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , primarily due to the opening of 13 net stores since   December 29, 2014  . 
   
               Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operating activities and proceeds from the incurrence of debt, which together are sufficient to fund our operations, tax payments, capital expenditures, interest, fees, and principal payments on our debt as well as support our growth strategy. If the need arises, we may seek additional funding. Our ability to obtain additional financing will depend on many factors, including prevailing market conditions, our financial condition, and our ability to negotiate favorable terms and conditions. Financing may not be available on terms that are acceptable or favorable to us, if at all. 
  As of   September 26, 2016  , we had   Cash and cash equivalents   of   $0.5 million   and   $20.0 million   of available borrowings under a revolving credit facility, of which   $4.1 million   was drawn. As of   September 26, 2016  , we had   $113.0 million   of outstanding indebtedness. Principal payments under our   Senior Credit Facility   are due on the last day of each fiscal quarter through the life of the   Senior Credit Facility  . We  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

believe that our cash flows from operations, available cash and cash equivalents, and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next 12 months. 
  As of   September 26, 2016  , we were in compliance with all of our covenants and other obligations under our   Senior Credit Facility  . 
  Cash Flows 
  The following table presents a summary of cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the periods presented:    

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
  Net cash   provided   by operating activities of   $9.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , resulted primarily from net   income   of   $1.2 million  , adjusted for items such as depreciation and amortization and changes in operating assets and liabilities, including $0.7 million attributable to spending in our advertising fund in excess of fund receipts. The   $8.6 million     decrease   over the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  , was primarily driven by a   decrease   of $5.2 million in Operating Income and unfavorable changes in operating assets and liabilities of $4.5 million, primarily due to the timing of payments made on   Accounts payable  .  
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
  Net cash   used   by investing activities was   $16.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to net cash   used   of   $15.7 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  . The   $1.0 million     increase   in cash   used   by investing activities was due primarily to a year-over-year increase of   $9.0 million   in capital expenditures for property, plant, and equipment, primarily relating to the opening of Company-owned stores and development of our new e-commerce and online ordering platform, partially offset by a   decrease   of   $7.1 million   for the acquisition of franchised stores, compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  . 
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
  Net cash   provided   by financing activities was   $1.1 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 26, 2016  , compared to net cash   used   of   $1.8 million   in the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  . The   $2.9 million     increase   in net cash from financing activities was primarily due to a   $4.1 million     increase   in net advances on the revolving credit facility to fund the construction of Company-owned stores, partially offset by a   $1.2 million     increase   in payments made on the term loan due to the scheduled increase in quarterly principal payments under our   Senior Credit Facility  , compared to the   nine   months ended   September 28, 2015  . 
   
               Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our judgments and estimates including those related to revenue recognition, impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, income taxes, advertising expense, and share-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  The accounting policies we believe to be most critical to understanding our financial results and condition and that require complex and subjective management judgments and estimates are identified and described in our annual consolidated financial statements and the notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  JOBS Act 
  We qualify as an  emerging growth company  pursuant to the provisions of the Jumpstart Our Business Startup Act of 2012 (the    JOBS Act   ). For as long as we are an  emerging growth company,  we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies,  including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, reduced disclosure obligations relating to the presentation of financial statements in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory  say-on-pay  votes on executive compensation and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. We have availed ourselves of these reduced reporting and disclosure requirements in our existing filings and expect to continue to avail ourselves of the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies in future filings. 
  In addition, an emerging growth company can delay its adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However, we are choosing to  opt out  of this extended transition period, and as a result, we plan to comply with any new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which non-emerging growth companies must adopt the standards.  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 
  
   23 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
               Commodity Price Risk 

We are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices. During the normal course of the year, we enter into national pricing commitments for cheese and other food products that are affected by changes in commodity prices and, as a result, our franchise and Company-owned stores are subject to volatility in food costs. We also maintain relationships with multiple suppliers for certain key products, such as cheese. We do not engage in speculative transactions nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In instances when we use fixed pricing agreements with our suppliers, these agreements cover our physical commodity needs, are not net-settled, and are accounted for as normal purchases. 
               Interest Rate Risk 

We are subject to interest rate risk on indebtedness under our   Senior Credit Facility  . Interest rates on loans made under our   Senior Credit Facility   are based on LIBOR, and under specified circumstances we may be required by our lenders to enter into interest rate swap arrangements. A hypothetical 1.0% increase or decrease in the interest rate associated with our   Senior Credit Facility   would have resulted in a   $1.1 million   impact to interest expense on an annualized basis. 
               Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

Our international franchise owners use the local currency as their functional currency. Royalty payments from our franchise owners in the Middle East are generally remitted to us in U.S. dollars and royalty payments from our Canadian franchise owners are generally remitted to us in Canadian dollars. Because our international activities do not account for a significant portion of our revenues, we believe our exposure to foreign currency risk is minimal. 
   
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
               Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the    Exchange Act   ). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the   Exchange Act   is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in   SEC   rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
               Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the   Exchange Act  ) that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   24 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  We currently are subject to litigation with a group of our franchise owners. In January 2014, six franchise owner groups claimed that we misrepresented our sales volumes, made false representations to them and charged excess advertising fees, among other things. We engaged in mediation with these franchise owners, which is required under the terms of their franchise agreements, in order to address and resolve their claims, but we were unable to reach a settlement agreement. On April 4, 2014, a total of twelve franchise owner groups, including those franchise owners that previously made the allegations described above, filed a lawsuit against us in the Superior Court in Clark County, Washington, making essentially the same allegations for violation of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, fraud, negligent misrepresentation and breach of contract and seeking declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as monetary damages. Based on motions filed by us in that lawsuit, the court ruled on July 9, 2014, that certain of the plaintiffs  claims under the anti-fraud and nondisclosure provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act should be dismissed and that certain other claims in the case would need to be more specifically alleged. The court also ruled that the six franchise owner groups who had not mediated with us prior to filing the lawsuit must mediate with us in good faith, and that their claims be stayed until they have done so. 
  On June 18, 2014, an additional 16 franchise owner groups, represented by the same counsel as the plaintiffs described above, filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court in Clark County, Washington making essentially the same allegations as made in the lawsuit described above and seeking declaratory and injunctive relief, as well as monetary damages. The court consolidated the two lawsuits into a single case and ordered that the plaintiffs in the new lawsuit, none of whom had mediated with us prior to filing the lawsuit, must do so, and that their claims be stayed until they have completed mediating with us in good faith. 
  In October 2014, we engaged in mediation with the 22 franchise owner groups who had not previously done so. As a result of that mediation and other efforts since then, we have reached resolution with 13 of the franchise owner groups involved in the consolidated lawsuits, and their claims have either been dismissed or dismissal is pending. 
  In February 2015, the remaining plaintiffs in the consolidated lawsuits filed an amended complaint, removing some claims, amending some claims, adding claims and naming some of our former and current franchise sales staff as additional individual defendants. In September 2016, the remaining plaintiffs in the consolidated lawsuits filed a motion seeking to further amend their complaint to add a claim under the Washington Consumer Protection Act based on substantially the same allegations as the prior claims, to re-plead claims under the Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act that had previously been dismissed, and to dismiss Dan Harmon as a defendant. As before, we believe the allegations in this litigation lack merit and, for those plaintiffs with whom we are unable to reach resolution, we will continue to vigorously defend our interests, including by asserting a number of affirmative defenses and, where appropriate, counterclaims. We provide no assurance that we will be successful in our defense of these lawsuits; however, we do not currently expect the cost of resolving them to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  We are also currently named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed by plaintiff John Lennartson on May 8, 2015, in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington. The lawsuit alleges we failed to comply with the requirements of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) when we sent SMS text messages to consumers. The plaintiff in the lawsuit asks that the court certify the putative class and that statutory damages under the TCPA be awarded to plaintiff and each class member. On October 14, 2016, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) granted us a limited waiver from the TCPA s written consent requirements for certain text messages that we sent between October 16, 2013 and October 7, 2015 to individuals who, like the plaintiff, provided written consent prior to October 16, 2013. We believe that the FCC s waiver eliminates the legal basis for the plaintiff s claim and have filed a motion for summary judgment seeking dismissal. Plaintiff has filed a motion seeking to extend the time to respond to the summary judgment motion on the basis that he intends to appeal the FCC's waiver. While we believe the plaintiff s interpretation of law is incorrect and the claim should be dismissed and will continue to vigorously defend ourselves in the lawsuit, we provide no assurance that we will be successful in this action. An adverse judgment or settlement related to this lawsuit could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
  In addition to the foregoing, we are subject to routine legal proceedings, claims, and litigation in the ordinary course of our business. We also may engage in future litigation with franchise owners to enforce the terms of our franchise agreements and compliance with our brand standards as determined necessary to protect our brand, the consistency of our products and the customer experience. Lawsuits require significant management attention and financial resources and the outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain. We do not, however, expect that the costs to resolve these routine matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. A detailed discussion of our risk factors is included under the section title  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2015, as revised by those risk factors disclosed under the section title  Risk Factors  in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2016. Other than the two risk factors set forth below, which supersede two similar risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the revisions set forth in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2016, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2015. If any of these risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently think  
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

are immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. The risk factors and other information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2015, as revised by our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2016, should be carefully considered before making an investment decision relating to our common stock. 
  Our success depends in part upon effective advertising and marketing campaigns, which may not be successful, and franchise owner support of such advertising and marketing campaigns, as well as compliance with the restrictions and obligations imposed by laws regulating certain marketing practices. 
  We believe the Papa Murphy s brand is critical to our business. We expend resources in our marketing efforts using a variety of media, including television advertising, social media, email and opt-in text messaging. We expect to continue to conduct brand awareness programs and customer initiatives to attract and retain customers. Additionally, some of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, which enables them to spend significantly more on marketing and advertising than us. Should our competitors increase spending on marketing and advertising, or should our advertising and promotions be less effective than our competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
  The support of our franchise owners is critical for the success of our advertising and the marketing campaigns we seek to undertake, and the successful execution of these campaigns will depend on our ability to maintain alignment with our franchise owners. Our franchise owners are required to spend approximately five percent of net sales directly on local advertising or contribute to a local fund managed by franchise owners in certain market areas to fund the purchase of advertising media. Our franchise owners are also required to contribute two percent of their net sales to a national fund to support the development of new products, brand development and national marketing programs. Consequently, a decline in net sales at franchise stores may result in reduced spending on advertising and the development of new products, brand development and national marketing programs, or may require us, our franchise owners or other third parties to contribute additional advertising funds, which we, our franchise owners and other third parties have done at various times. Although we maintain control over advertising and marketing materials and can mandate certain strategic initiatives pursuant to our franchise agreements, we need the active support of our franchise owners if the implementation of these initiatives is to be successful. Additional advertising funds are not contractually required, and we, our franchise owners and other third-parties may choose to discontinue contributing additional funds in the future. Any significant decreases in our advertising and marketing funds or financial support for advertising activities could significantly curtail our marketing efforts, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  We continue to invest in television advertising in order to expand brand awareness and draw attention to our products and value-based promotions. If these advertising investments do not drive increased store sales, the expense associated with this advertising may adversely impact our financial results, and we may not generate the levels of same store sales we expect. In addition, because some of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, we may be particularly sensitive to increases in television advertising costs, which may reduce the efficiency of our advertising spending. 
  Further, some of our marketing campaigns involve emails and opt-in text messages. In the United States, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act imposes obligations and limitations on making phone calls and sending text messages to consumers. The Federal Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003 (the  CAN-SPAM Act ) regulates commercial email messages and specifies penalties for the transmission of commercial email messages that do not comply with certain requirements, such as providing an opt-out mechanism for stopping future emails from senders. States and other countries have similar laws related to telemarketing and commercial emails. Additional or modified laws and regulations, or interpretations of existing, modified or new laws, regulations and rules, could prohibit or increase the cost of engaging with consumers and impair our ability to expand the use of our marketing techniques to more customers. Failure to comply with obligations and restrictions related to text message and email marketing could subject us to lawsuits, fines, statutory damages, consent decrees, injunctions, adverse publicity and other losses that could harm our business. We are currently subject to one such lawsuit, which is described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings. 
  Changes in food availability and costs could adversely affect our results of operations. 
  Our profitability and operating margins are dependent in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food costs, particularly the costs of mozzarella cheese and flour. We are party to national supply agreements for core ingredients with certain key third-party suppliers, including Saputo Cheese Inc. and Davisco Foods, for cheese; Pizza Blends, Inc., for flour and dough mix; Neil Jones Foods Company, for tomatoes used in sauce; and several suppliers for meat, pursuant to which we lock in pricing for our franchise owners and Company-owned stores. We rely on Sysco Corporation as the primary distributor of food and other products to our franchise owners and Company-owned stores. Our pricing arrangements with national suppliers typically have terms from three months to a year, after which the pricing may be renegotiated. Each store purchases food supplies directly from our approved distributors and produce locally through an approved produce supplier. 
  The type, variety, quality, availability and price of produce, meat and cheese are volatile and are subject to factors beyond our control, including weather, governmental regulation, availability and seasonality, each of which may affect our and our franchise owners  food costs or cause a disruption in our supply. For example, cheese pricing is higher in the summer months due to a drop off in milk production in higher temperatures. Our food distributors and suppliers also may be affected by higher costs to produce and transport commodities used in our stores, higher minimum wage and benefit costs and other expenses that they pass through to their customers, which could result in higher costs for goods and services supplied to us. We may not be able to anticipate and react to changing food costs through our purchasing practices and menu price adjustments in the future. As a result, any increase in the prices charged by suppliers would increase the food costs for our Company-owned stores and for our franchise owners and could  
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

adversely impact their profitability. In addition, because we provide moderately priced food, we may choose not to, or may be unable to, pass along commodity price increases to consumers, and any price increases that are passed along to consumers may materially and adversely affect store sales which would lower revenues generated from Company-owned stores and franchise owner royalties. These potential changes in food and supply costs and availability could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
  Decreases in food costs may also effect consumer behavior in ways adverse to us. If our competitors, including grocery stores, are better able to pass along commodity price decreases to customers than we are, then we may experience lower demand for our products and loss of market share. 
   
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  Repurchases of Common Stock 
  During the three months ended   September 26, 2016  , the Company repurchased the following shares: 

(1) 
    The Company repurchased unvested restricted shares from a former employee whose employment with the Company had terminated. The unvested shares were repurchased by the Company at the historical price paid by the former employee for the unvested shares. 
      
  Item 5. Other Information 
  Amendment to Senior Credit Facility 
  On October 31, 2016, PMI Holdings, Inc. (   PMI   ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the    First Amendment   ), by and among   PMI  , the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent on behalf of the other lenders party thereto (as successor to Antares Capital LP (as successor to General Electric Capital Corporation), the    Administrative Agent   ). The   First Amendment   amends certain terms of our Credit Agreement that provides for our   Senior Credit Facility  , dated August 28, 2014, by and among   PMI  , as the borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and the   Administrative Agent  . 
  The   First Amendment   provides for, among other things, (a) increases in our maximum consolidated leverage ratio, ranging from 0.25x to 1.25x, for all future measurement periods, beginning with the measurement period ending January 2, 2017, (b) an increase in our scheduled quarterly principal payments on the outstanding term loan from $1,400,000 per quarter to $2,100,000 per quarter, beginning January 2, 2017, (c) the addition of a fixed charge coverage ratio, beginning with the fiscal quarter ending January 1, 2018, and (d) an increase in the aggregate amount of asset dispositions permitted annually from $1,500,000 per fiscal year to $20,000,000 per fiscal year. In addition, the   First Amendment   permits us to add cash expenses made to fund our advertising fund, subject to agreed caps, to our computation of   Adjusted EBITDA   for the measurement periods beginning April 3, 2017, and ending December 31, 2018, for purposes of determining compliance with our maximum consolidated leverage ratio. 
  As a condition to the effectiveness of the   First Amendment  , we paid a customary amendment fee to the lenders consenting to the   First Amendment  . 
  The above description of the material terms and conditions of the   First Amendment   does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the   First Amendment  [, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Group M Agreement 
  On November 1, 2016, we delivered a purchase order to Group M Worldwide, Inc. d/b/a Modi Media (   Group M   ), pursuant to the Master Marketing Agreement, dated September 7, 2016, by and between Murphy s Marketing Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and   Group M  , as amended by an Amendment No. 1 dated September 27, 2016 (as amended, the    Group M Agreement   ). Under the purchase order, we agreed to purchase $10.75 million in media for 2017 for a total cost of $11.0 million, including   Group M   s fees. 
  The above description of the   Group M Agreement   does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the   Group M Agreement  , a copy of which will be filed as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending January 2, 2017. 
  
   27 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits. 
                 Exhibit Number 
    Description of Exhibits 
      10.1* 
    First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2016, among PMI Holdings, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the other financial institutions party thereto. 
      31.1* 
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      31.2* 
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.1* 
    Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.2* 
    Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101.INS* 
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE* 
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

*    Filed herewith 
  
   28 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized 
    
                     PAPA MURPHY S HOLDINGS, INC. 

By: 
      
    /s/ Mark Hutchens 

Name: 
    Mark Hutchens 

Title: 
    Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 2, 2016 
  
   29 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10120160926firstamendmen.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 

Published CUSIP Number:  69344JAD0 
  Revolving Loan CUSIP Number:  69344JAE8 
  Term Loan CUSIP Number:  69344JAF5 
    
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
    
  THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT   (this    Amendment   ), dated as of October 31, 2016, is by and among   PMI HOLDINGS, INC.  , a Delaware corporation (the    Borrower   ), the Guarantors,   WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  , as administrative agent on behalf of the Lenders under the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined) (as successor to Antares Capital LP (as successor to General Electric Capital Corporation)) (in such capacity, the    Agent   ), and the Lenders party hereto.   

W I T N E S S E T H 
    
  WHEREAS  , the Borrower, the Guarantors, certain banks and financial institutions from time to time party thereto (the    Lenders   ) and the Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of August 28, 2014 (as amended, modified, extended, restated, replaced, or supplemented from time to time, the    Credit Agreement    capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement);  
    
  WHEREAS  , the Credit Parties have requested that the Required Lenders make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement as set forth herein; and 
    
  WHEREAS  , the Required Lenders have agreed to amend the Credit Agreement, in each case subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE  , in consideration of the agreements hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 
  AMENDMENTS TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
    
  1.1        Amendment to Section 1.9(a)(i)  .    Section 1.9(a)(i) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
    
  (i)        The principal amount of the Term Loan shall be paid in installments on the dates and in the respective amounts shown below: 

The final scheduled installment of the Term Loan shall, in any event, be in an amount equal to the entire remaining principal balance of the Term Loan. 
    
  1.2        Amendment to Section 5.2(b)  .    Section 5.2(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
    
  (b)        dispositions not otherwise permitted hereunder which are made for fair market value and the mandatory prepayment in the amount of the Net Proceeds of such disposition is made if and to the extent required by Section 1.9; provided, that (i) at the time of any disposition, no Event of Default shall exist or shall result from such disposition, (ii) not less than 80% of the aggregate sales price from such disposition shall be paid in cash and (iii) the aggregate fair market value of all assets so sold by the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, together, shall not exceed in any Fiscal Year $20,000,000; 
    
  1.3        Amendment to Section 6.2  .    Section 6.2 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
    
  6.2        Leverage Ratio.   The Credit Parties shall not permit the Leverage Ratio for the period of twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Periods ending as of any date set forth below to be greater than the maximum ratio set forth in the table below opposite such date: 

2 

Leverage Ratio  shall be calculated in the manner set forth in   Exhibit 4.2(b). 
  1.4        Amendment to Article VI  .   Article VI of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to insert the following new Section 6.4 at the end thereof:   
    
  6.4        Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.   The Credit Parties shall not permit the Fixed Charges Coverage Ratio for the period of twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Periods ending on the last day of each Fiscal Quarter (commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending January 1, 2018) to be less than 1.10 to 1.00. 
      Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  shall be calculated in the manner set forth in   Exhibit 4.2(b). 
      
  1.5        Amendment to definition of  Agent   .    The definition of  Agent  in Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
    
   Agent  means Wells Fargo Bank, in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder, and any successor administrative agent. 
  1.6        Amendment to definition of  LIBOR   .    The definition of  LIBOR  in Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to insert the following new sentence at the end thereof: 
    
  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, LIBOR shall not be less than zero.  
    
  1.7        Amendment to definition of  Secured Swap Provider   .    The definition of  Secured Swap Provider  in Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
    
   Secured Swap Provider  means (i) Wells Fargo Bank or an Affiliate of Wells Fargo Bank if, at the time such Rate Contract was entered into, Wells Fargo Bank or an Affiliate of Wells Fargo  
  
   3 

Bank was a Lender or Agent hereunder or (ii) to the extent prior written notice thereof is given to Agent, any other Lender or an Affiliate of any other Lender. 
  1.8        Amendment to Section 11.1  .    Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following new definitions in the appropriate alphabetical order therein: 
    
   Advertising Fund Contribution  means, for any applicable period, the cash expenses made during such period (i) to fund the advertising fund of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (ii) to replenish any deficit of the advertising fund of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case, for the period of twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Periods ending as of any date set forth below, in an aggregate amount not to exceed: 

Growth Capital Expenditures  means, for any applicable period, any capital expenditures made by Holdings, Borrower and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis (determined in accordance with GAAP) for such period relating to the acquisition, opening, development or construction of stores owned and/or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
     Wells Fargo Bank  means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association. 
  1.9        Amendment to Exhibit 4.2(b)  .    Exhibit 4.2(b) to the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the reference to  Sections 6.2 and 6.3  in subsection (b) therein with  Sections 6.2, 6.3 and 6.4 .   
    
  1.10        Amendments to Annex A of Exhibit 4.2(b)  .    Annex A of Exhibit 4.2(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
    
  (a)        Section I of Annex A to Exhibit 4.2(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following new subsection (15) immediately before Line C therein: 
    
  (15)  Advertising Fund Contribution (  provided   that any corresponding credit to the advertising fund of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries from any Franchisee (if any) shall not be permitted to be added to net income in the determination of EBITDA for any subsequent period) 
    
  (b)        Line C of Annex A to Exhibit 4.2(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
    
  C.  Total add backs to net income (sum of (1) - (15) above):  ______________ 

4 

1.11        Amendment to Annex B of Exhibit 4.2(b)  .    Annex B of Exhibit 4.2(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following new Section III at the end thereof: 
    
  III.        Section 6.4: Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio  
  Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is defined as follows: 
                   A.  EBITDA for the twelve (12) consecutive Fiscal Periods ending on the date of measurement (per I of Annex A) 

B.  Advertising Fund Contribution for such period (to the extent added back in the calculation of EBITDA in such period) 

C.  Growth Capital Expenditures for such period (less the Net Proceeds from Dispositions which have been reinvested during such period pursuant to Section 1.9(c) of the Credit Agreement) 

D.  Income taxes (including, without limitation, any federal, state, local and foreign income taxes) actually paid by Holdings, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis during such period 

E.  Scheduled principal payments with respect to Funded Indebtedness for such period 

F.  Net Interest Expense (per II of Annex A) 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio:  result of (A   minus   B   minus   C   minus   D) divided by (E   plus   F) 

Required minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 
    1.10x 
      
      In Compliance 
    Yes/No 

1.12        Amendments to Exhibits  .    With respect to each of the Exhibits to the Credit Agreement, (i) all referenced to  General Electric Capital Corporation  shall be replaced with  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association  and (ii) all references to the notice address of the Agent shall be replaced with the following: 
    
  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
  MAC D1109-019 
  1525 West W.T. Harris Blvd. 
  Charlotte, NC  28262 
  Attention of:  Syndication Agency Services 
  Telephone No.:  (704) 590-2703 
  Facsimile No.:  (704) 715-0092 
  Email:  agencyservices.requests@wellsfargo.com 
  With copies to: 
  Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
  1808 Aston Avenue, Suite 250 
  Carlsbad, CA 92008 
  Attention of:          Loan Administration 
  Telephone No.:        (760) 918-2700 
  Facsimile No.:         (760) 918-2727 
  Email:  scott.jay.martin@wellsfargo.com 
  
   5 

ARTICLE II 
  CONDITIONS 
    
  2.1        Closing Conditions  .    This Amendment shall be deemed effective as of the date set forth above upon satisfaction of the following conditions: 
    
  (a)        Executed Amendment  .  The Agent shall have received a copy of this Amendment duly executed by each of the Credit Parties, the Agent and the Required Lenders. 
    
  (b)        Amendment Fees  .  The Agent shall have received, for the account of each Lender consenting to this Amendment, an amendment fee equal in an amount equal to 20 basis points on the aggregate amount of the sum of (A) the Revolving Loan Commitment of such Lender and (B) the outstanding principal amount of the Term Loans held by such Lender. 
    
  (c)        Other Fees and Out of Pocket Costs  .  The Borrower shall have paid any and all reasonable out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Agent (including the fees and expenses Moore   Van Allen PLLC as legal counsel to the Agent), and all other fees and other amounts payable to the Agent, in each case in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment. 

ARTICLE III 
  MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  3.1        Amended Terms  .    On and after the date hereof, all references to the Credit Agreement in each of the Loan Documents shall hereafter mean the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment.  Except as specifically amended hereby or otherwise agreed, the Credit Agreement is hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect according to its terms. 
    
  3.2        Representations and Warranties of the Credit Parties  .    Each of the Credit Parties represents and warrants as follows: 
    
  (a)        Each Credit Party has the right, power and authority and has taken all necessary corporate and other action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment in accordance with its terms.   
    
  (b)        This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the duly authorized officers of each Credit Party and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of each Credit Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar state or federal debtor relief laws from time to time in effect which affect the enforcement of creditors  rights in general and the availability of equitable remedies. 
    
  (c)        No consent or authorization of, filing with, or other act in respect of, an arbitrator or Governmental Authority and no consent of any other Person is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Amendment. 
    
  (d)        The representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof (except for (i) those which expressly relate to  
  
   6 

an earlier date and (ii) those that are qualified by materiality or reference to Material Adverse Effect, which are true and correct in all respects). 
    
  (e)        No event has occurred and is continuing which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default. 
    
  (f)        The Collateral Documents continue to create a valid security interest in, and Lien upon, the Collateral, in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, which security interests and Liens are perfected in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Documents and prior to all Liens other than Permitted Liens. 
    
  (g)        The Obligations of the Credit Parties are not reduced or modified by this Amendment and are not subject to any offsets, defenses or counterclaims. 
    
  3.3        Reaffirmation of Obligations  .    Each Credit Party hereby ratifies the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party and acknowledges and reaffirms (a) that it is bound by all terms of the Credit Agreement and each other Loan Document to which it is a party applicable to it and (b) that it is responsible for the observance and full performance of its respective obligations under the Loan Documents. 
    
  3.4        Loan Document  .    This Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
    
  3.5        Expenses  .    The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses of Agent in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, including without limitation the reasonable fees and expenses of the Agent s legal counsel. 
    
  3.6        Entirety  .    This Amendment and the other Loan Documents embody the entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, if any, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
    
  3.7        Counterparts; Telecopy  .    This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart to this Amendment by telecopy or other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. 
    
  3.8        GOVERNING LAW  .      THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
    
  3.9        Successors and Assigns  .    This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 
    
  3.10        Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial  .    The jurisdiction, services of process and waiver of jury trial provisions set forth in Sections 9.18 and 9.19 of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference,   mutatis mutandis  . 
    
  [Signature pages to follow] 

7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed on the date first above written. 

BORROWER:        PMI HOLDINGS, INC.  ,  
    a Delaware corporation 

By:                           
    Name:        
    Title:        
    
  GUARANTORS:        PAPA MURPHY S INTERMEDIATE, INC.,  
    a Delaware corporation 
    
    PAPA MURPHY S COMPANY STORES, INC.,  
    a Washington corporation 
    
    MURPHY S MARKETING SERVICES, INC.,  
    a Florida corporation 
    
    PAPA MURPHY S INTERNATIONAL LLC,  
    a Delaware limited liability company 
    
    PAPA MURPHY S WORLDWIDE LLC,  
    a Delaware limited liability company 

By:                           
    Name:       
    Title:        

8 

AGENT AND LENDERS:                WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL  
  ASSOCIATION  , as Agent, L/C Issuer, 
  Swingline Lender and Lender 

By:                                
  Name:        
  Title: 

CITIZENS BANK, N.A.  , as a Lender 

By:                           
  Name:        
  Title:        

REGIONS BANK  , as a Lender 

By:                           
  Name:        
  Title:       

MIDCAP FUNDING XVI TRUST  , as a Lender 

By:                           
  Name:        
  Title:       

BANNER BANK  , as a Lender 

By:                           
  Name:        
  Title:        

9 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31120160926section302ceo.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Ken Calwell, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Papa Murphy's Holdings, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Ken Calwell 
        
    Ken Calwell 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31220160926section302cfo.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) AS ADOPTED 
  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Mark Hutchens, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Papa Murphy's Holdings, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of the annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Mark Hutchens 
        
    Mark Hutchens 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32120160926section906ceo.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Papa Murphy's Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 26, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ken Calwell, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Ken Calwell 
        
    Ken Calwell 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32220160926section906cfo.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Papa Murphy's Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 26, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mark Hutchens, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Mark Hutchens 
        
    Mark Hutchens 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 frsh-20160926.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 frsh-20160926.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 frsh-20160926_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 frsh-20160926_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 frsh-20160926_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 frsh-20160926_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

