<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1021561_0001021561-16-000188_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3856672</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141667</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>243250</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>974541</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1677457</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>734863</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>29</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001021561-16-000188.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103201807
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001021561-16-000188
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NU SKIN ENTERPRISES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001021561
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DRUGS PROPRIETARIES & DRUGGISTS' SUNDRIES [5122]
		IRS NUMBER:				870565309
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12421
		FILM NUMBER:		161973377

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 WEST CENTER ST
		STREET 2:		ATTN: GREGORY BELLISTON
		CITY:			PROVO
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-345-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 WEST CENTER ST
		STREET 2:		ATTN: GREGORY BELLISTON
		CITY:			PROVO
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NU SKIN ASIA PACIFIC INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960919

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001021561-16-000188.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q 2016 THIRD QUARTER

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

FORM 10-Q

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _____________ TO   _____________

Commission File Number:    001-12421 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

87-0565309

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

75 WEST CENTER STREET

PROVO, UTAH 84601

(IRS Employer Identification No.)

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(801) 345-1000

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Date File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer      

Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer      

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)

Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes         No     

As of October 31, 2016, 54,452,098 shares of the registrant's Class A common stock, $.001 par value per share, were outstanding.

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q   THIRD QUARTER 2016

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Part I.

Financial Information

Item 1.

Financial Statements (Unaudited): 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

1

Consolidated Statements of Income 

2

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

3

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

4

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

5

Item 2.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

18

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

26

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures 

26

Part II.

Other Information

Item 1.

Legal Proceedings 

26

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

28

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

28

Item 3.

Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

28

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

28

Item 5.

Other Information 

29

Item 6.

Exhibits 

29

Signature

30

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, references to "dollars" and "$" are to United States ("U.S.") dollars.

Nu Skin, Pharmanex, and ageLOC are our trademarks. The italicized product names used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are product names and also, in certain cases, our trademarks.

-i-

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION

ITEM 1.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)

(U.S. dollars in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

-1- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited)

(U.S. dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

-2- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Statements of    Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)

(U.S. dollars in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

-3- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

Consolidated Statements of    Cash Flows (Unaudited)

(U.S. dollars in thousands)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

-4- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

1.     THE COMPANY 

Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (the "Company") is a leading, global direct selling company that develops and distributes premium-quality, innovative personal care products and nutritional supplements that are sold worldwide under the Nu Skin and Pharmanex brands and a small number of other products and services. Over the last several years, the Company has introduced new Pharmanex nutritional supplements and Nu Skin personal care products under its ageLOC anti-aging brand. The Company reports revenue from five geographic regions:  Greater China, which consists of Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan; North Asia, which consists of Japan and South Korea; Americas, which consists of the United States, Canada and Latin America; South Asia/Pacific, which consists of Australia, Brunei, French Polynesia, Indonesia, Malaysia, New Caledonia, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam;  and Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"), which consists of several markets in Europe as well as Israel, Russia, Ukraine and South Africa (the Company's subsidiaries operating in these countries in each region are collectively referred to as the "Subsidiaries").

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for complete financial statements.  The unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.  In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair statement of the Company's financial information as of September 30, 2016, and for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations of any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the fiscal year. The consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been prepared using information from the audited financial statements at that date. For further information, refer to the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.

2.     NET INCOME PER SHARE 

Net income per share is computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the periods presented.  Additionally, diluted earnings per share data gives effect to all potentially dilutive common shares that were outstanding during the periods presented. For the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock options of 0.2 million and 1.6 million, respectively, and for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock options of 1.2 million and 1.6 million, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive.

3.     DIVIDENDS PER SHARE 

In January, April and July 2016, the Company's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.355 per share.  These quarterly cash dividends of $19.8 million, $19.9 million and $19.9 million were paid on March 16, 2016, June 8, 2016 and September 14, 2016 to stockholders of record on February 26, 2016, May 27, 2016 and August 26, 2016.  In November 2016, the Company's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.355 per share to be paid on December 7, 2016 to stockholders of record on November 18, 2016.

-5- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

4.     DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

The Company enters into non-designated foreign currency derivatives, primarily comprised of foreign currency forward contracts, for which hedge accounting does not apply. The changes in the fair market value of these non-designated derivatives are included in other income/expense in the Company's consolidated statements of income. The Company uses non-designated foreign currency derivatives to hedge foreign-currency-denominated intercompany transactions and to partially mitigate the impact of foreign-currency fluctuations. The fair value of the non-designated foreign currency derivatives is based on third-party quotes.

As of September 30, 2016, the Company held non-designated derivative contracts with notional amounts of 300 million Japanese yen and 11.5 billion South Korean won ($3.0 million and $10.4 million, respectively) and 500 million Japanese yen ($4.2 million) as of September 30, 2015. The fair values of these non-designated derivative contracts were $0.9 million and none as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The contracts held at September 30, 2016 have maturities through March 2017, and accordingly, all gains and losses on non-designated derivative contracts will be recognized in current earnings over the next 6 months.

The following table summarizes gains (losses) related to derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (U.S. dollars in thousands):

The Company designates as cash-flow hedges those foreign currency forward contracts it enters to hedge forecasted intercompany transactions that are subject to foreign currency exposures. Changes in the fair value of these forward contracts designated as cash-flow hedges are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within shareholders' equity (deficit), and are recognized in the consolidated statement of income during the period which approximates the time the hedged transaction is settled.

As of September 30, 2016, the Company held forward contracts designated as foreign currency cash flow hedges with notional amounts totaling 2.3 billion Japanese yen and 6.0 million euros ($22.7 million and $6.7 million, respectively), and 1.5 billion Japanese yen and 15.0 million euros ($12.5 million and $16.8 million, respectively) as of September 30, 2015 to hedge forecasted foreign-currency-denominated intercompany transactions. The fair value of these hedges were $2.1 million and $0.1 million as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The contracts held at September 30, 2016 have maturities through June 2017, and accordingly, all unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency cash flow hedges included in accumulated other comprehensive loss will be recognized in current earnings over the next 9 months.

-6- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following table summarizes gains (losses) related to derivative instruments recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (U.S. dollars in thousands):

The following table summarizes gains (losses) relating to derivative instruments reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into income during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (U.S. dollars in thousands):

Derivatives designated

as hedging instruments:

Location of Gain (Loss) 

Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income

Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss into Income

Three Months Ended

Nine Months Ended

September 30,

September 30,

2016

2015

2016

2015

Foreign currency forward contracts related 

to intercompany license fees and product 

sales hedges

Revenue

$

(300

)

$

(50

)

$

(609

)

$

1,091

Foreign currency forward contracts related 

to intercompany selling expense hedges

Selling expenses

$

(443

)

$

60

$

(850

)

$

232

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were $(1.4) million and $0.3 million, respectively, of unrealized gains/(losses) included in accumulated other comprehensive loss related to foreign currency cash flow hedges. The remaining $67.1 million and $71.6 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive loss are related to cumulative translation adjustments.  The Company assesses hedge effectiveness at least quarterly.  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, all hedges were determined to be effective.

The Company reports its derivatives at fair value as either other current assets or accrued expenses within its consolidated balance sheet. See Note 13 Fair Value.

5.     REPURCHASES OF COMMON STOCK 

During the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company repurchased 0.3 million and 0.6 million shares of its Class A common stock under its open market stock repurchase plans for $17.4 million and $28.2 million, respectively. During the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company repurchased 1.0 million and 2.1 million shares of its Class A common stock under its open market repurchase plans for $41.7 million and $104.1 million, respectively.  As of September 30, 2016, $405.3 million was available for repurchases under the Company's open market stock repurchase plan.

-7- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

6.     SEGMENT INFORMATION 

The Company operates in a single operating segment by selling products through a global network of independent distributors that operates in a seamless manner from market to market, except for its operations in Mainland China. In Mainland China, the Company utilizes sales employees, independent direct sellers and independent marketers to distribute its products. While sales employees sell products through the Company's stores and website, independent direct sellers can sell away from the Company's stores where the Company has obtained a direct selling license to do so. Independent marketers are licensed business owners who are authorized to sell the Company's products either at their own approved premises or through the Company's stores. Selling expenses are the Company's largest expense comprised of sales compensation and incentives paid to its sales force. The Company manages its business primarily by managing its sales force. The Company does not use profitability reports on a regional or divisional basis for making business decisions. However, the Company does report revenue in five geographic regions: Greater China, North Asia, South Asia/Pacific, Americas and EMEA.

Revenue generated in each of these regions is set forth below (U.S. dollars in thousands):

Revenue generated by each of the Company's product lines is set forth below (U.S. dollars in thousands):

Additional information as to the Company's operations in its most significant geographic areas is set forth below (U.S. dollars in thousands):

-8- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

7.     INVENTORY 

Inventories consist of the following (U.S. dollars in thousands):

8.     DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740 Income Taxes Topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Codification.  These standards establish financial accounting and reporting standards for the effects of income taxes that result from an enterprise's activities during the current and preceding years.  The Company takes an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting of income taxes.  The Company pays income taxes in many foreign jurisdictions based on the profits realized in those jurisdictions, which can be significantly impacted by terms of intercompany transactions between the Company and its foreign affiliates.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are created in this process. The Company has netted these deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities by jurisdiction. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be ultimately realized.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had net deferred tax assets of $27.8 million and $24.2 million, respectively.

The Company evaluates its indefinite reinvestment assertions with respect to foreign earnings for each quarter.  Other than earnings the Company intends to reinvest indefinitely, the Company accrues for the U.S. federal and state income taxes applicable to the earnings. For all foreign earnings, the Company accrues the applicable foreign income taxes. The Company intends to utilize the offshore earnings to fund foreign investments, specifically capital expenditures. Undistributed earnings that the Company has indefinitely reinvested, for which no federal or state income taxes in the U.S. have been provided, aggregate to $70.0 million as of December 31, 2015. If the amount designated as indefinitely reinvested as of December 31, 2015 was repatriated to the United States, the amount of incremental taxes would be approximately $3.4 million.

9.     UNCERTAIN TAX POSITIONS 

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and in various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to tax examinations from the IRS for all years for which tax returns have been filed before 2011. With a few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to state and local income tax examination by tax authorities for the years before 2011. In 2009, the Company entered into a voluntary program with the IRS called Compliance Assurance Process ("CAP"). The objective of CAP is to contemporaneously work with the IRS to achieve federal tax compliance and resolve all or most of the issues prior to filing of the tax return. The Company has elected to participate in the CAP program for 2016 and may elect to continue participating in CAP for future tax years; the Company may withdraw from the program at any time. In major foreign jurisdictions, the Company is generally no longer subject to income tax examinations for years before 2010. However, statutes in certain countries may be as long as ten years for transfer pricing related issues. Along with the IRS examination of 2011, the Company is currently under examination in certain foreign jurisdictions; however, the outcomes of those reviews are not yet determinable.

-9- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The Company's unrecognized tax benefits relate to multiple foreign and domestic jurisdictions. Due to potential increases in unrecognized tax benefits from the multiple jurisdictions in which the Company operates, as well as the expiration of various statutes of limitation, it is reasonably possible that the Company's gross unrecognized tax benefits, net of foreign currency adjustments, may increase within the next 12 months by a range of approximately $0.1 million to $1.0 million.

10.     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

The Company is subject to government regulations pertaining to product formulation, labeling and packaging, product claims and advertising, and the Company's direct selling system.  The Company is also subject to the jurisdiction of numerous foreign tax and customs authorities. Any assertions or determination that either the Company or the Company's sales force is not in compliance with existing statutes, laws, rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company's operations. In addition, in any country or jurisdiction, the adoption of new statutes, laws, rules or regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing statutes, laws, rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the Company and its operations. Although management believes that the Company is in compliance in all material respects with the statutes, laws, rules and regulations of every jurisdiction in which it operates, no assurance can be given that the Company's compliance with applicable statutes, laws, rules and regulations will not be challenged by foreign authorities or that such challenges will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations or cash flows. The Company and its Subsidiaries are defendants in litigation and proceedings involving various matters. In the opinion of the Company's management, based upon advice of its counsel handling such litigation and proceedings, adverse outcomes, if any, will not likely result in a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows . 

The Company is subject to regular audits by federal, state and foreign tax authorities.  These audits may result in additional tax liabilities.  The Company believes it has appropriately provided for income taxes for all years.  Several factors drive the calculation of its tax reserves.  Some of these factors include: (i) the expiration of various statutes of limitations; (ii) changes in tax law and regulations; (iii) issuance of tax rulings; and (iv) settlements with tax authorities.  Changes in any of these factors may result in adjustments to the Company's reserves, which would impact its reported financial results.

11.     DEBT 

On October 9, 2014, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with various financial institutions, and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent. The Credit Agreement provides for a $127.5 million term loan facility, a 6.6 billion Japanese yen term loan facility and a $187.5 million revolving credit facility, each with a term of five years. On October 10, 2014, the Company drew the full amount of the term loan facilities, and as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had an outstanding balance of $47.5 million on the revolving credit facility. Any additional amounts drawn under the revolving credit facility will bear interest at rates that will be determined in accordance with the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement requires that the Company maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not exceeding 2.25 to 1.00 and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of no less than 3.00 to 1.00.

-10- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The Company believes these covenants provide it with greater flexibility to pay dividends and repurchase stock. The Company is in compliance with its debt covenants.

The following table summarizes the Company's debt facilities as of December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016:

(1) 
 
 As of September 30, 2016, the current portion of the Company's debt (i.e., becoming due in the next 12 months) included $60.3 million of the balance of its U.S. dollar-denominated debt under the Credit Agreement term loan facility, $6.5 million of the balance of its Japanese yen-denominated debt under the Credit Agreement term loan facility and $6.5 million of the Japan subsidiary loan. The Company has classified the amount borrowed under the Credit Agreement revolving credit facility as short term because it is the Company's intention to use this line of credit to borrow and pay back funds over short periods of time.

(2) 
 
 The carrying value of the debt reflects the amounts stated in the above table less a debt discount of $3.4 million on the Credit Agreement and $16.1 million on the convertible debt, which is not reflected in this table.

(3)             See Note 12 for more information regarding the convertible note. 

-11- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

12.     CONVERTIBLE NOTE 

On June 16, 2016, the Company issued $210.0 million of convertible senior notes (the "Convertible Notes") in a private offering to a Chinese investor (the "Holder"). The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations which will rank equal in right of payment to all senior unsecured indebtedness of the Company, and will rank senior in right of payment to any indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to the Convertible Notes. Interest on the Convertible Notes is payable semiannually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, beginning on December 15, 2016 at a rate of 4.75% per annum.

The Convertible Notes mature on June 15, 2020, unless repurchased or converted prior to maturity. Prior to the stated maturity date, the Company may, at its option, redeem all or part of the Convertible Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, provided that its common stock share price is equal to or exceeds 180% of the applicable conversion price for 20 or more trading days (including the final three trading days) in the 30 consecutive trading days prior to the Company's exercise of such redemption right. The Holder of the Convertible Notes may, at its option, cause the Company to repurchase all of such Holder's Convertible Notes or any portion thereof that is equal to $1,000 in principal amount or multiples of $1,000 upon a change in control or a termination of trading of the Company's common stock, as those terms are defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. In addition, each holder of the Convertible Notes shall have the right, at such holder's option, to convert all or any portion thereof that is equal to $1,000 in principal amount or multiples of $1,000 at any time beginning six calendar months following June 16, 2016, at the then-applicable conversion rate. Upon conversion by the Holder, the Convertible Notes will be settled in cash with respect to principal and any accrued and unpaid interest to such date and in the Company's common shares with respect to any additional amounts, based on the applicable conversion rate at such time. The Convertible Notes had an initial conversion rate of 21.5054 common shares per $1,000 principal amount of the Convertible Notes (which is equal to an initial conversion price of approximately $46.50 per common share).  Throughout the term of the Convertible Notes, the conversion rate may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain specified events.

Of the $210.0 million in proceeds received from the issuance of the Convertible Notes, $199.1 million was allocated to long-term debt (the "Liability Component") and $10.9 million was allocated to additional paid-in-capital (the "Equity Component") within the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The Liability Component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar debt instrument that does not have an associated conversion feature. The amount allocated to the Equity Component, which represents the conversion option, was calculated by deducting the fair value of the Liability Component from the par value of the Convertible Notes. The Company determined that the conversion option does not require separate accounting treatment as a derivative instrument because it is both indexed to the Company's own stock and would be classified in stockholders' equity if freestanding. The Equity Component will not be remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification. The excess of the principal amount of the Liability Component over its carrying amount (the "Debt Discount") will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the Convertible Notes. As a result, the Liability Component will be accreted up to the Convertible Notes' $210.0 million face value, resulting in additional non-cash interest expense being recognized within the Company's consolidated statement of income. The effective interest rate on the Convertible Notes is approximately 7.1% per annum.

-12- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The net carrying amount of the Liability Component is as follows (in thousands):

The net carrying amount of the Liability Component was recorded to long-term debt within the Company's consolidated balance sheet.

The Company incurred approximately $6.6 million of issuance costs related to the issuance of the Convertible Notes. Of the $6.6 million in issuance costs incurred, $6.3 million and $0.3 million were recorded to deferred financing cost and additional paid-in capital, respectively, in proportion to the allocation of the proceeds of the Convertible Notes. The $6.3 million recorded to deferred financing cost on the Company's consolidated balance sheet as a reduction of long-term debt is being amortized over the contractual term of the Convertible Notes using the effective interest method.

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $3.4 million in non-cash interest expense related to the Convertible Notes, which included $2.5 million of contractual interest and $0.9 million in amortization of debt issuance costs and in amortization of the Debt Discount.

13.     FAIR VALUE 

The carrying value of financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The Company's current investments as of December 31, 2015 include certificates of deposits and pre-refunded municipal bonds that are classified by management as held-to-maturity as the Company had the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity. The carrying value of these current investments approximate fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The Company has classified these instruments as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information. 

-13- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

The FASB Codification defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. On a quarterly basis, the Company measures at fair value certain financial assets, including cash equivalents. Accounting standards specify a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Company's market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created the following fair-value hierarchy:

Level 1   quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

Level 2   inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly;

Level 3   unobservable inputs based on the Company's own assumptions.   

Accounting standards permit companies, at their option, to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. The Company has elected not to apply the fair value option to existing eligible items.

The following tables present the fair value hierarchy for those assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (U.S. dollars in thousands):

The following table provides a summary of changes in fair value of the Company's Level 3 marketable securities (U.S. dollars in thousands):

-14- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

14.     ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-08,  Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.  This ASU changes the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation. To be considered a discontinued operation, a disposal now must represent a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. This ASU also requires new disclosures for individually material disposal transactions that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. This update will be applied prospectively and was effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2014. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . The new revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and shall be applied either retrospectively to each period presented or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company is evaluating the potential impact of this adoption on its consolidated financial statements.

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force) . This ASU clarifies that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award.  Compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. This ASU was effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015. This ASU may be applied either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).  The purpose of this ASU is to incorporate into U.S. GAAP management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued, and to provide related footnote disclosures.  This update is effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs . This guidance requires that debt issuance costs be presented as a direct reduction to the carrying amount of the related debt in the balance sheet rather than as a deferred charge, consistent with the presentation of discounts on debt. ASU 2015-15,  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements , was issued in August 2015 to clarify that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. The guidance was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and is to be applied retrospectively. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

-15- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . This guidance requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value, rather than at the lower of cost or market. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and is to be applied prospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Subtopic 842) . ASU 2016-02 will require companies to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. For public companies, this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .  The objective of this update is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on its consolidated financial statements.

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.  The objective of this update is to reduce the diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for interim and annual fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and is to be applied retrospectively. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

15.     COST OF SALES 

In February 2016, the Tokyo District Court issued its ruling on a dispute between the Company and the customs authorities in Japan. The District Court upheld previous customs assessments related to the importation of several of the Company's products into Japan.

As a result of the District Court's decision, the Company recorded a charge of $31.4 million to cost of sales in the first quarter of 2016. This is a non-cash item because the Company was previously required to pay the assessments. This charge represents the full amount that was disputed, including assessments for the period of October 2006 through September 2009 in connection with post-importation audits, as well as the disputed portion of the Company's import duties from October 2009 to the date of the District Court's decision. The Company has appealed this decision to the Tokyo High Court.

-16- 

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

16.     CLASS ACTION SETTLEMENT 

In February 2016, the Company entered into a Settlement Term Sheet (the "Agreement") in potential settlement of the previously reported putative securities class action consolidated lawsuit. The litigation was brought against the Company and certain of the Company's officers (collectively, the "Defendants") on behalf of a class consisting of persons or entities that publicly traded the Company's common stock during the period from May 4, 2011 through January 17, 2014 and were allegedly damaged thereby. In May 2016, the court issued preliminary approval of the settlement. In October 2016, the court gave its final approval of the settlement and dismissed the consolidated class action complaint in its entirety, with prejudice.

The terms of the Agreement provide for, among other things, a settlement payment by, or on behalf of, the Company of $47 million, which the Company recorded as a short-term liability in its consolidated balance sheet. As expected, the Company's insurers fully funded the settlement payment in an escrow account in June 2016, and the Company maintained the corresponding amount as a short-term receivable, which it had recorded during the first quarter of 2016. There was no net impact on the Company's consolidated statement of income.

17.     ACQUISITION 

In the first quarter of 2016, the Company purchased 70% of Vertical Eden, LLC, an early-stage company in the warehouse growing market, based in Alpine, Utah, for $3.3 million in cash and contingent consideration valued at $1.5 million. The purchase of Vertical Eden includes specialized technology in remote programming and management of the entire crop growing cycle.  As a result of this acquisition, the Company recorded approximately $4.4 million of intangible assets which are being amortized over the useful lives of 3 to 7 years. The Company has also recorded $2.5 million of goodwill. Due to the insignificance of the transaction to the Company's consolidated financial statements, the Company has not separately presented the $2.1 million non-controlling interest related to this acquisition, but has included it in additional paid-in capital and has included the net income (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest in other income (expense).

-17- 

ITEM 2.            MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION      AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q (this "Quarterly Report") contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that represent our current expectations and beliefs.  All statements other than statements of historical fact are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of federal and state securities laws and include, but are not limited to, statements of management's expectations regarding our performance, initiatives, strategies, product introductions and offerings, growth, opportunities and risks; statements of projections regarding future sales, expenses, operating results, taxes and duties, capital expenditures, sources and uses of cash, foreign-currency fluctuations, and other financial items; statements of management's expectations and beliefs regarding our markets; statements regarding the payment of future dividends and stock repurchases; statements regarding the outcome of litigation, audits or investigations; accounting estimates and assumptions; statements of belief; and statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "believe," "expect," "project," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "targets," "likely," "will," "would," "could," "may," "might," the negative of these words and other similar words. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.  We caution and advise readers that these statements are based on assumptions that may not be realized and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations and beliefs contained herein.  For a summary of these risks, see the risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q (our "Periodic Reports"), as well as our Current Reports on Form 8-K.

The following Management's Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and Management's Discussion and Analysis included in our Periodic Reports, and our other filings, including Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission through the date of this report.

Overview

Revenue for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 increased 6% to $604.2 million, compared to the prior-year period, and revenue for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 remained level at $1.7 billion, compared to the prior-year period. Foreign-currency fluctuations positively impacted revenue 1% in the three-month period on a year-over-year basis and negatively impacted revenue 2% in the nine-month period on a year-over-year basis. Revenue growth in the third quarter reflects growth in all of our regions except for South Asia/Pacific, which had a difficult comparison due to a limited-time offer in the prior year that generated approximately $47 million in sales. Revenue in the third quarter of 2016 was positively impacted by a limited-time offer in South Korea, which generated approximately $49 million in revenue. Sales Leaders and Actives for the quarter were up 3% and 1%, compared to the prior-year quarter.

Earnings per share for the third quarter of 2016 were $0.98, compared to $0.28 in the prior-year period. This increase primarily reflects the increase in revenue, a tax benefit from the substantial liquidation of our business operations in Venezuela during the quarter, and two charges incurred in the third quarter of 2015: a charge of $37.9 million for the write-down of inventory in Greater China and $11.1 million in foreign currency translation expenses. For more information on these items, see "Americas," "Gross profit," "Other income (expense), net," and "Provision for income taxes," below.

Earnings per share for the first nine months of 2016 were $1.85, compared to $1.63 for the first nine months of 2015.The year-over-year increase in earnings per share for the nine-month period reflects a non-cash expense of $31.4 million in the first quarter of 2016 associated with the Japan customs ruling that is discussed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report, the 2015 inventory write-down of $37.9 million that is noted above, and lower weighted-average shares outstanding in 2016.

-18- 

Revenue 

Greater China  .  The following table sets forth revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the Greater China region and its principal markets (U.S. dollars in millions):

Foreign-currency fluctuations negatively impacted revenue 5% in this region for both the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior-year periods. Both Sales Leaders and Actives in the region increased 22%, compared to the prior-year quarter.  Sales Leaders and Actives in Mainland China increased 33% and 43%, respectively, compared to the prior-year quarter. Sales Leaders and Actives in Taiwan were down 6% and 9%, respectively, and in Hong Kong they were down 20% and 13%, respectively, compared to the prior-year quarter. Although we believe our Sales Leader and Active numbers in Taiwan and Hong Kong have generally stabilized, these numbers reflect continued softness that we have seen for the last several quarters in these markets.

The year-over-year revenue increase is largely attributable to our retention of Sales Leaders and Actives from the second quarter of 2016, when Sales Leaders and Actives in the region increased due to a limited-time offer of our  ageLOC Me  personalized skin care system. On a sequential basis, Sales Leaders decreased only 3% and Actives were even, compared to the second quarter of 2016.  For the nine-month period, the year-over-year revenue increase reflects this positive result in the third quarter as well as the limited-time offer in the second quarter.

In October 2016, we launched an air purifier product in Mainland China, and we currently plan to make  ageLOC Me  generally available for purchase in this region during the first quarter of 2017.

North Asia  .  The following table sets forth revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the North Asia region and its principal markets (U.S. dollars in millions):

Revenue in the region for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was positively impacted approximately 10% and 3%, respectively, by foreign-currency fluctuations, compared to the prior-year periods.

Year-over-year revenue growth of 31% in South Korea during the third quarter primarily reflects approximately $49 million of revenue generated by a limited-time offer of a local variation of our  ageLOC Youth  nutritional supplement during the third quarter of 2016. Foreign-currency fluctuations positively impacted revenue 5% for the quarter, compared to the prior-year quarter. Our Sales Leaders and Actives in South Korea increased 9% and decreased 10%, respectively, compared to the prior-year quarter. We believe the decrease in Actives may be an indication of a slow sponsoring environment in the market, which may negatively impact our ability to hold the new growth in Sales Leaders. We have planned initiatives in the fourth quarter, including pricing discounts on  ageLOC   Me  for consumers who sign up on a subscription, to increase our consumers. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, reported revenue declined 2%, reflecting a negative foreign-currency impact of 2%.

-19- 

In Japan, year-over-year reported revenue growth of 14% and 10% for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, reflects a positive impact of 18% and 12%, respectively, from the strengthening of the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar, compared to the prior-year periods. Sales Leaders and Actives in Japan decreased 5% and 11%, respectively, compared to the prior-year quarter. The declines in local-currency revenue, Sales Leaders and Actives reflect the challenging regulatory environment and continued softness in this market.

We currently plan to make  ageLOC Youth  generally available for purchase in both South Korea and Japan during the fourth quarter of 2016. We anticipate difficult year-over-year comparisons in the North Asia region in the fourth quarter of 2016, as limited-time offers in the fourth quarter of 2015 generated approximately $27 million in sales in the region. We do not plan to conduct a limited-time offer in this region in the fourth quarter of 2016.

South Asia/Pacific  .  The following table sets forth revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the South Asia/Pacific region (U.S. dollars in millions):

Year-over-year revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 in the South Asia/Pacific region declined 35% and 8%, respectively. Sales Leaders and Actives in the region decreased 27% and 3%, compared to the prior-year quarter. The declines in revenue, Sales Leaders and Actives primarily reflect difficult comparisons to the prior year due to a limited-time offer of  ageLOC Youth  in the third quarter of 2015, which generated approximately $47 million in sales in the region. Foreign-currency fluctuations positively impacted revenue 1% in the third quarter of 2016 and negatively impacted revenue 3% in the first nine months of 2016, compared to the prior-year periods. On a sequential basis, Sales Leaders decreased slightly and Actives increased slightly, compared to the second quarter of 2016.

Americas  .  The following table sets forth revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the Americas region and its principal markets (U.S. dollars in millions):

Revenue in the Americas region for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was negatively impacted 3% and 4%, respectively, by foreign-currency fluctuations, compared to the prior-year periods. Sales Leaders and Actives in the Americas region decreased 16% and 4%, respectively, compared to the prior-year quarter. For both the three- and nine-month periods, revenue growth in Canada was offset by declines in the United States and parts of Latin America. The United States continued to be soft, with revenue declines of 2% and 13% for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to the prior-year periods. On a sequential basis, Sales Leaders and Actives in the region increased slightly, compared to the second quarter of 2016.

-20- 

During the third quarter of 2016, we ceased business operations in Venezuela. We anticipate difficult year-over-year comparisons in the Americas region in the fourth quarter of 2016, as a limited-time offer in the fourth quarter of 2015 generated approximately $21 million in sales in the region.

EMEA  . The following table sets forth revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for the Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") region (U.S. dollars in millions):

For the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, foreign-currency fluctuations had no impact and a negative 1% impact, respectively, on revenue in the EMEA region, compared to the prior-year periods. Sales Leaders in the region remained even and Actives increased by 10%, compared to the prior-year quarter. Revenue and Active growth in the region reflects the continued success of Sales Leader social media initiatives in certain markets.

Gross profit 

Gross profit as a percentage of revenue was 79.2% and 76.6% for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 73.3% and 78.0% for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015. The year-over-year increase in the third quarter primarily reflects a $37.9 million write-down of inventory in Greater China in the third quarter of 2015. The year-over-year comparison for the nine-month periods reflects this inventory write-down in the third quarter of 2015 as well as the non-cash Japan customs expense of $31.4 million in the first quarter of 2016 that is discussed in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.

Selling expenses 

Selling expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 42.3% for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 from 42.1% for the same period in 2015. Selling expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 41.7% for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 from 42.6% for the same period in 2015. 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased to $140.7 million in the third quarter of 2016 and $415.0 million in the first nine months of 2016, compared to $135.8 million and $410.1 million in the respective prior-year periods. The increase in the third quarter of 2016 primarily reflects increased labor expenses due to the achievement of cash incentive targets in the quarter. As a percentage of revenue, general and administrative expenses decreased to 23.3% and increased to 24.8% for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 from 23.8% and 24.5% for the same periods in 2015.

Other income (expense), net 

Other income (expense), net for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $5.7 million of expense and $19.6 million of expense, respectively, compared to $14.4 million of expense and $29.5 million of expense for the same periods in 2015. The decrease in expense for the third quarter reflects a decrease in foreign currency translation expenses from $11.1 million in the third quarter of 2015 to $1.2 million in the third quarter of 2016.  This decrease was partially offset by a $3.9 million increase in interest expense primarily due to the convertible debt that we issued in the second quarter of 2016. The comparison of the nine-month periods additionally reflects a $10.2 million foreign currency charge related to the devaluation of the Venezuelan currency in the first quarter of 2015 and $11.1 million in foreign currency translation expenses in the second quarter of 2016. The foreign currency translation expenses incurred in the second and third quarters of 2016 were primarily driven by translation expenses resulting from the strengthening of the Japanese yen against the U.S. dollar and its impact on our Japanese yen-denominated debt and liabilities.

-21- 

Provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was $19.8 million and $45.8 million, compared to $11.8 million and $56.3 million for the same periods in 2015. The effective tax rate was 25.8% and 30.4%, respectively, of pre-tax income during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, compared to 42.1% and 36.7% in the same prior-year periods. The decrease in the effective tax rate is a result of the substantial liquidation of our business operations in Venezuela, which resulted in the recognition of a previously unrecognized deferred tax asset. The year-over-year comparisons also reflect an increased tax rate in the third quarter of 2015, which was due largely to lower-than-anticipated profits in Greater China caused by the inventory charge we incurred in that quarter. The lower-than-anticipated profits prevented us from recognizing a deferred tax asset associated with Greater China.

Net income 

As a result of the foregoing factors, net income for the third quarter of 2016 was $56.9 million compared to $16.3 million for the third quarter of 2015. Net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $104.9 million, compared to $97.2 million for the first nine months of 2015.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Historically, our principal uses of cash have included operating expenses, particularly selling expenses, and working capital (principally inventory purchases), as well as capital expenditures, stock repurchases, dividends, debt repayment and the development of operations in new markets. We have at times incurred long-term debt in order to fund strategic transactions and stock repurchases. We typically generate positive cash flow from operations due to favorable margins and have generally relied on cash from operations to fund operating activities. We generated $185.4 million in cash from operations during the first nine months of 2016, compared to $242.0 million in cash generated from operations during the prior-year period. This decrease in cash generated from operations during the first nine months of 2016 reflects payments made during the first quarter of 2016, primarily (1) the payment of a significant amount of items that were accrued as of the end of 2015, particularly commissions based on limited-time offers during December 2015; and (2) payments to build up inventory for planned product launches in 2016. In the third quarter of 2016, we generated $49.6 million in cash from operations.

As of September 30, 2016, working capital was $531.1 million, compared to $298.8 million as of December 31, 2015. Cash and cash equivalents, including current investments, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $532.6 million and $303.7 million, respectively.

Capital expenditures in the first nine months of 2016 were $35.0 million, and we anticipate additional capital expenditures of approximately $20 million for the remainder of 2016. Our 2016 capital expenditures are primarily related to:

the expansion and upgrade of facilities in our various markets; and 

purchases and expenditures for computer systems and equipment, software, and application development.

On June 16, 2016, we issued $210.0 million principal amount of convertible 4.75% senior notes, due 2020 (the "Convertible Notes") to Ping An ZQ China Growth Opportunity Limited ("Ping An ZQ") at face value. Net proceeds on the issuance of the Convertible Notes were $203 million.  We are using the proceeds primarily for repurchasing common stock throughout the remainder of the year. The Convertible Notes are senior unsecured obligations of the Company and rank equal in right of payment to all senior unsecured indebtedness of the Company. Interest on the Convertible Notes is payable semiannually in cash on June 15 and December 15, and the Convertible Notes mature on June 15, 2020, subject to earlier conversion. Although the stated interest rate on the Convertible Notes is 4.75%, interest on this debt is expensed on our income statement at a rate of approximately 7.1%, reflecting the amortization of a debt discount resulting from approximately $6.3 million in issuance costs and approximately $10.9 million of the principal amount that is allocated to equity due to the conversion option. Beginning December 16, 2016, the Convertible Notes will be convertible at the holder's discretion at a conversion rate of 21.5054 per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes (which represents an initial conversion price of $46.50 per share), in each case subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. As of November 1, 2016, the conversion price remained at $46.50 per share. Upon conversion, we intend to settle the Convertible Notes in cash with respect to the principal amount of Convertible Notes converted and any accrued and unpaid interest to such date, and in shares of our common stock with respect to any additional amounts.

-22- 

Upon a change in control of the Company (as defined in the indenture governing the Convertible Notes) or the failure of our common stock to be listed on certain stock exchanges, the holders of the Convertible Notes may require that we repurchase all or part of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes at a purchase price equal to 108% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, we may redeem all or part of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes, at our option, at a purchase price equal to the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, provided that the closing trading price of our common stock exceeds 180% of the then-current conversion price for 20 or more trading days in the 30 consecutive trading day period preceding our exercise of this redemption right (including the last three such trading days). The Convertible Notes are subject to customary events of default, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the Convertible Notes.

Our Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") with various financial institutions, and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent, provides for a $127.5 million term loan facility, a 6.6 billion Japanese yen term loan facility and a $187.5 million revolving credit facility, each with a term of five years ending in October 2019. The Credit Agreement requires that we maintain a consolidated leverage ratio not exceeding 2.25 to 1.00 and a consolidated interest coverage ratio of no less than 3.00 to 1.00.  As of September 30, 2016, we had debt pursuant to the Credit Agreement of $216.0 million. See Notes 11 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report for further information regarding the Credit Agreement, Convertible Notes and other debt.

Our board of directors has approved a stock repurchase plan authorizing us to repurchase up to $500 million of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock on the open market or in private transactions. The repurchases are used primarily for strategic initiatives and to offset dilution from our equity incentive plans and from conversion of the Convertible Notes. During the first nine months of 2016, we repurchased 1.0 million shares of Class A common stock under this plan for $41.7 million.  As of September 30, 2016, $405.3 million was available for repurchases under the stock repurchase plan.

In January, April and July 2016, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.355 per share. These quarterly cash dividends of $19.8 million, $19.9 million and $19.9 million were paid on March 16, 2016, June 8, 2016 and September 14, 2016 to stockholders of record on February 26, 2016, May 27, 2016 and August 26, 2016. In November 2016, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.355 per share to be paid on December 7, 2016 to stockholders of record on November 18, 2016.  Currently, we anticipate that our board of directors will continue to declare quarterly cash dividends and that the cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our future dividend payments. However, the continued declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon various factors, including our net earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects and other relevant factors. 

-23- 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we held $532.6 million and $303.7 million, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents, including current investments. These amounts include $282.4 million and $241.4 million, respectively, held in our operations outside of the U.S. Substantially all of our non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents are readily convertible into U.S. dollars or other currencies, subject to procedural or other requirements in certain countries as described below . 

We typically fund the cash requirements of our operations in the U.S. through intercompany dividends and intercompany charges for products, use of intangible property, and corporate services. Some markets impose government-approval or other requirements for the repatriation of dividends. For example, in Mainland China, we are unable to repatriate cash from current operations in the form of dividends until we file the necessary statutory financial statements for the relevant period. As of September 30, 2016, we had $91.3 million in cash denominated in Chinese RMB. We also have intercompany loan arrangements with some of our markets, including Mainland China, that allow us to access available cash. We currently plan to repatriate undistributed earnings from our non-U.S. operations as necessary, considering the cash needs of our non-U.S. operations and the cash needs of our U.S. operations for dividends, stock repurchases, capital investments, debt repayment and strategic transactions. Except for partial indefinite reinvestment in two jurisdictions, we have not designated our investments as indefinitely reinvested, but rather have these funds available for our operations in the U.S. as needed. Any repatriation of non-U.S. earnings requires payment of U.S. taxes in accordance with applicable U.S. tax rules and regulations. Accordingly, we have accrued the necessary U.S. taxes related to the funds that are not indefinitely reinvested.

We currently believe that existing cash balances, future cash flows from operations and existing lines of credit will be adequate to fund our cash needs on both a short- and long-term basis. The majority of our historical expenses have been variable in nature and as such, a potential reduction in the level of revenue would reduce our cash flow needs. In the event that our current cash balances, future cash flow from operations and current lines of credit are not sufficient to meet our obligations or strategic needs, we would consider raising additional funds in the debt or equity markets or restructuring our current debt obligations. Additionally, we would consider realigning our strategic plans, including a reduction in capital spending, stock repurchases or dividend payments.

Contingent Liabilities

Please refer to Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report for information regarding our contingent liabilities.

Critical Accounting Policies

There were no significant changes in our critical accounting policies during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.

Seasonality and Cyclicality

In addition to general economic factors, we are impacted by seasonal factors and trends such as major cultural events and vacation patterns.  For example, most Asian markets celebrate their respective local New Year in the first quarter, which generally has a negative impact on that quarter.  We believe that direct selling is also generally negatively impacted during the third quarter, when many individuals, including our sales force, traditionally take vacations.

Although our product launch process may vary by market, we generally introduce new key products to our sales force and consumers through limited-time offers. The limited-time offers typically generate significant activity and a high level of purchasing, which often results in a higher-than-normal increase in revenue during the quarter of the limited-time offer and skew year-over-year and sequential comparisons.

-24- 

Actives and Sales Leaders

The following table provides information concerning the number of Actives and Sales Leaders as of the dates indicated.  "Actives" are persons who have purchased products directly from the Company during the three months ended as of the date indicated. "Sales Leaders" are independent distributors, and sales employees and independent marketers in China, who achieve certain qualification requirements.

Currency Risk and Exchange Rate Information

A majority of our revenue and many of our expenses are recognized outside of the United States, except for inventory purchases, a significant portion of which are primarily transacted in U.S. dollars from vendors in the United States. The local currency of each of our Subsidiaries' primary markets is considered the functional currency with the exception of our Asia product-distribution subsidiary in Singapore and our Venezuela subsidiary. All revenue and expenses are translated at weighted-average exchange rates for the periods reported. Therefore, our reported revenue and earnings will be positively impacted by a weakening of the U.S. dollar and will be negatively impacted by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Given the large portion of our business derived from outside of the United States, any strengthening of the U.S. dollar negatively impacts reported revenue and profits, whereas a weakening of the U.S. dollar positively impacts our reported revenue and profits. Given the uncertainty of exchange rate fluctuations, it is difficult to predict the effect of these fluctuations on our future business, product pricing and results of operations or financial condition. During 2014 and 2015, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other currencies significantly impacted our financial results.

Additionally, we may seek to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates through the use of foreign currency exchange contracts and through intercompany loans of foreign currency. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We regularly monitor our foreign currency risks and periodically take measures to reduce the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on our operating results. As of September 30, 2016, we held non-designated mark-to-market forward derivative contracts to hedge foreign denominated intercompany positions or third-party foreign debt with notional amounts of 300 million Japanese yen and 11.5 billion South Korean won ($3.0 million and $10.4 million, respectively) and 500 million Japanese yen ($4.2 million) as of September 30, 2015. Gains and losses related to non-designated derivative contracts are recorded as part of Other Income (Expense). In addition, we held forward contracts designated as foreign currency cash flow hedges with notional amounts totaling approximately 2.3 billion Japanese yen and 6.0 million euros ($22.7 million and $6.7 million, respectively) as of September 30, 2016, and 1.5 billion Japanese yen and 15.0 million euros ($12.5 million and 16.8 million, respectively) as of September 30, 2015 to hedge forecasted foreign-currency-denominated intercompany transactions. Because of our foreign exchange contracts at September 30, 2016, the impact of a 10% appreciation or 10% depreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Japanese yen, the South Korean won or the euro would not represent a material potential loss in fair value, earnings or cash flows against these contracts. This potential loss does not consider the underlying foreign currency transaction or translation exposures to which we are subject.

-25- 

Available Information

Our website address is www.nuskinenterprises.com. We make available free of charge on the Investor Relations portion of our website, ir.nuskin.com, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.

We also use the Investor Relations portion of our website at ir.nuskin.com as a channel of distribution of additional Company information that may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor this channel, in addition to following our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website shall not be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 3.            QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

The information required by Item 3 of Part I of Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference from the section entitled "Currency Risk and Exchange Rate Information" in "Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of Part I and also from Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.

ITEM 4.            CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")).  Based on that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016.

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting.

We made no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION

ITEM 1. 
 
     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The following information supplements and amends our discussion set forth under "Legal Proceedings" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Except as discussed below, there have been no material developments concerning the matters discussed in those reports.

As previously disclosed, we were sued in a purported class action lawsuit relating to negative media and regulatory scrutiny regarding our business in Mainland China and the associated decline in our stock price. Beginning in January 2014, six purported class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Utah. In May 2014, the court consolidated the various purported class actions, appointed State-Boston Retirement System as lead plaintiff in the consolidated action and appointed the law firm Labaton Sucharow as lead counsel for the purported class in the consolidated action. In June 2014, a consolidated class action complaint was filed. In February 2015, the court denied our motion to dismiss the case. The consolidated class action complaint purported to assert claims on behalf of certain of our stockholders under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder against Nu Skin Enterprises, Ritch N. Wood, and M. Truman Hunt and to assert claims under Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against Messrs. Wood and Hunt. The consolidated class action complaint alleged that, inter alia, we made materially false and misleading statements regarding our sales operations in and financial results derived from Mainland China, including purportedly operating a pyramid scheme based on illegal multi-level marketing activities. On February 22, 2016, the parties entered into a Settlement Term Sheet (the "Agreement"). The terms of the Agreement provide for, among other things, the certification of a settlement class consisting of persons or entities that publicly traded our common stock during the period from May 4, 2011 through January 17, 2014 and a settlement payment by, or on behalf of, Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. of $47 million.  In May 2016, the court issued preliminary approval of the settlement. In June 2016, our insurers fully funded the settlement payment in an escrow account. In October 2016, the court gave its final approval of the settlement and dismissed the consolidated class action complaint in its entirety, with prejudice.

-26- 

In addition, beginning in February 2014, five purported shareholder derivative complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Utah. In May 2014, the court issued an order consolidating the derivative actions, appointing plaintiffs Amos C. Acoff and Analisa Suderov as co-lead plaintiffs in the consolidated action, and appointing the law firms Bernstein Litowitz Berger   Grossmann LLP and The Weiser Law Firm, P.C. as co-lead counsel for the plaintiffs in the consolidated action. In July 2014, a consolidated derivative complaint was filed. The consolidated derivative complaint purported to assert claims on behalf of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. for, inter alia, breach of fiduciary duties for disseminating false and misleading information, failing to maintain adequate internal controls, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, and gross mismanagement against M. Truman Hunt, Ritch N. Wood, Steven J. Lund, Nevin N. Andersen, Neil H. Offen, Daniel W. Campbell, Andrew W. Lipman, Patricia A. Negr n, Thomas R. Pisano, and nominally against Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. The consolidated derivative complaint also purported to assert claims on behalf of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. for breach of fiduciary duty for insider selling and misappropriation of information against Messrs. Wood, Lund and Campbell. The consolidated derivative complaint alleged that, inter alia, the defendants allowed materially false and misleading statements to be made regarding their sales operations in and financial results derived from Mainland China, including purportedly operating a pyramid scheme based on illegal multi-level marketing activities, and that certain defendants sold common stock on the basis of material, adverse non-public information. In July 2015, the court stayed the derivative action pending a final resolution in the class action lawsuit and denied the Company's motion to dismiss without prejudice to renewing the motion when the stay is lifted. The parties reached a settlement of the matter, and the court issued preliminary approval of the settlement agreement in July 2016. In October 2016, the court gave its final approval of the settlement and dismissed the consolidated derivative complaint in its entirety, with prejudice. The settlement agreement requires us to implement certain corporate governance measures, and it requires us and/or our insurers to pay or cause to be paid to Plaintiffs' counsel attorneys' fees and expenses in the total amount of $1.3 million. Our insurers have paid $1.0 million of this amount.

In September 2016, we announced a settlement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which fully resolves our previously disclosed SEC investigation in its entirety. Pursuant to the settlement, the SEC found that our books and records and internal controls related to a charitable contribution in China in 2013 were insufficient, and we agreed to pay $765,688 to the SEC. In agreeing to the settlement, we neither admitted nor denied the SEC's findings. The entire settlement amount was paid in September.

From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. We believe that the resolution of these matters will not have a negative material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.

Please refer to Notes 10, 15 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report and to our recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2015 fiscal year and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, for additional information regarding our legal proceedings.

-27- 

ITEM 1A.            RISK FACTORS  

The information presented below supplements and should be read in conjunction with the detailed discussion of risks associated with our business in our recent SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.

Non-compliance with anti-corruption laws could harm our business.

Our international operations are subject to anti-corruption laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"). Allegations that we are not in compliance with anti-corruption laws may require us to dedicate time and resources to an internal investigation of the allegations or may result in a government investigation. Any determination that our operations or activities are not in compliance with existing anti-corruption laws or regulations could result in the imposition of substantial fines and other penalties from U.S. or other regulatory entities, who have recently brought a number of enforcement actions against companies with extensive international operations. For example, in 2014, one of our competitors entered into a large settlement with U.S. regulators related to allegations that its employees violated the FCPA in Mainland China and other markets. Additionally, in September 2016, we reached a resolution with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), in which the SEC found that our books and records and internal controls related to a charitable contribution in China in 2013 were insufficient, and we agreed to pay $765,688 to the SEC. In agreeing to this settlement, we neither admitted nor denied the SEC's findings. Although we have implemented additional anti-corruption policies, controls and training globally to prevent similar situations from arising in the future, we cannot be certain that these efforts will be effective. As a result, we may face fines or penalties in the future under the FCPA or other anti-corruption laws.

ITEM 2.            UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer

(1)  
 
 In October 2015, we announced that our board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan. Under this plan, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500.0 million of our outstanding Class A common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.

ITEM 3. 
 
   DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None.

ITEM 4.          MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not Applicable.

-28- 

ITEM 5.            OTHER INFORMATION  

On November 1, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a new form of indemnification agreement (the "Indemnification Agreement") to be entered into by our directors and executive officers. Under these Indemnification Agreements, which will replace in their entirety our existing indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers, these individuals will be indemnified for certain liabilities and will be advanced certain expenses that have been incurred as a result of actions to which they were, are, or are threatened to be made a party, or actions otherwise involving them, in connection with their service to the Company. The Indemnification Agreements also include related provisions outlining the procedures for obtaining such benefits, and they generally require us to obtain and maintain director and officer liability insurance.

The foregoing description of the Indemnification Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the form of Indemnification Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto.

ITEM 6. 
 
     EXHIBITS 

Exhibits

Regulation S-K

Number       Description  

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its executive officers and directors.

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

-29- 

SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

November 3, 2016

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

By:

/s/ Ritch N. Wood

Ritch N. Wood

Chief Financial Officer

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

-30- 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm
 FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

EXHIBIT 10.1

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This Indemnification Agreement is dated as of _________, 2016 (this "  Agreement  ") and is between Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "  Company  "), and ___________________ ("  Indemnitee  ").

Background 

The Company believes that in order to attract and retain highly competent persons to serve as directors or in other capacities, including as officers, it must provide such persons with adequate protection through indemnification against the risks of claims and actions against them arising out of their services to and activities on behalf of the Company.

The Company desires and has requested Indemnitee to serve, or to continue to serve, as a director or officer of the Company and, in order to induce Indemnitee to serve, or to continue to serve, as a director or officer of the Company, the Company is willing to grant Indemnitee the indemnification provided for herein. Indemnitee is willing to so serve, or to continue to serve, on the basis that such indemnification be provided.

The parties by this Agreement desire to set forth their agreement regarding indemnification and the advancement of expenses.

In consideration of Indemnitee's service to the Company and the covenants and agreements set forth below, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

Section 1.       Indemnification   .  To the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same may be amended from time to time (the "  DGCL  "): 

(a)     The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee was or is a party to, is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in, as a witness or otherwise, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (brought in the right of the Company or otherwise), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and whether formal or informal, including any and all appeals, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a director or officer of the Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, fiduciary, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted by Indemnitee in any such capacity. 

(b)     Subject to  Section 6 , the indemnification provided by this  Section 1  shall be from and against all loss and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys' fees, costs and expenses), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, including any appeals (collectively, "  Losses  "). 

1 

Section 2.       Advancement of Expenses   .  To the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, but subject to the terms of this Agreement and following notice pursuant to  Section 3(a)  below, expenses (including attorneys' fees, costs and expenses) incurred by Indemnitee in appearing at, participating in or defending, or otherwise arising out of or related to, any action, suit or proceeding described in  Section 1  shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with any action, suit or proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses pursuant to  Section 3  (an "  advancement of expenses  "), within 30 days after receipt by the Company of a statement or statements from Indemnitee requesting such advancement of expenses from time to time. Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay any amounts so advanced (without interest) to the extent that it is ultimately determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (a "  final adjudication  ") that such Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified or entitled to advancement of expenses under this Agreement. No other form of undertaking shall be required of Indemnitee other than the execution of this Agreement. This  Section 2  shall be subject to  Section 3(b)  and shall not apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which indemnity is excluded pursuant to  Section 6 . 

Section 3.       Procedure for Indemnification; Notification and Defense of Claim  . 

(a)     Promptly, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after receipt by Indemnitee of notice of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, Indemnitee shall, if any indemnification, advancement or other claim in respect thereof is to be sought from or made against the Company hereunder, notify the Company in writing of the commencement thereof. The failure to promptly notify the Company of the commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, or of Indemnitee's request for indemnification, advancement or other claims shall not relieve the Company from any liability that it may have to Indemnitee hereunder and shall not constitute a waiver or release by Indemnitee of any rights hereunder or otherwise, except to the extent the Company is actually and materially prejudiced in its defense of such action, suit or proceeding or incurs material expenses as a result of such failure. Following a final adjudication of such action, suit or proceeding, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request for any indemnification sought. Any notice or request by Indemnitee under this  Section 3  should include such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to enable the Company to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. 

(b)     With respect to any action, suit or proceeding of which the Company is so notified as provided in this Agreement, the Company shall, subject to the last two sentences of this  Section 3(b) , be entitled to assume the defense of such action, suit or proceeding, with counsel reasonably acceptable to Indemnitee, upon the delivery to Indemnitee of written notice of its election to do so. After delivery of such notice, approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the retention of such counsel by the Company, the Company will not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement for any subsequently incurred fees of separate counsel engaged by Indemnitee with respect to the same action, suit or proceeding unless the employment of separate counsel by Indemnitee has been previously authorized in writing by the Company, which authorization will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will not be entitled, without the written consent of Indemnitee, to assume such defense and any such assumption of defense without Indemnitee's written consent will be null and void if Indemnitee, based on the advice of his or her counsel, shall have reasonably concluded (with written notice being given to the Company setting forth the basis for such conclusion) that, in the conduct of any such defense, there is an actual or potential conflict of interest or position (other than such potential conflicts that are objectively immaterial or remote) with respect to a significant issue between the Company and Indemnitee in connection with the defense of such action, suit or proceeding. In addition, the Company will not be entitled, without the written consent of Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any claim brought by or in the right of the Company. 

2 

(c)     The determination whether to grant Indemnitee's indemnification request shall be made promptly and in any event within 30 days following the Company's receipt of a request for indemnification in accordance with  Section 3(a) . If the determination of whether to grant Indemnitee's indemnification request shall not have been made within such 30 day period, the requisite determination of entitlement to indemnification shall, subject to  Section 6 , nonetheless be deemed to have been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent (i) an intentional misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an intentional omission of a material fact necessary to make Indemnitee's statement not misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of such indemnification under the DGCL;  provided ,  however , that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person or entity making the determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of documentation or information relating thereto. 

(d)     In the event that (i) the Company determines in accordance with this   Section 3   that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (ii) the Company denies a request for indemnification, in whole or in part, or fails to respond or make a determination of entitlement to indemnification in accordance with   Section 3(c)   of this Agreement following receipt of a request for indemnification as described above, (iii) payment of indemnification is not made within such 60 day period, (iv) advancement of expenses is not timely made in accordance with  Section 2  or (v) the Company or any other person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or proceeding designed to deny, or to recover from, Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication in any court of competent jurisdiction of his or her entitlement to such indemnification or advancement of expenses (including any and all appeals), as applicable. Indemnitee's expenses (including attorneys' fees, costs and expenses) incurred in connection with successfully establishing Indemnitee's right to indemnification or advancement of expenses, in whole or in part, in any such proceeding or otherwise shall also be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. 

(e)     Indemnitee shall be presumed to be entitled to indemnification and advancement of expenses under this Agreement upon submission of a request therefor in accordance with  Section 2  or  Section 3 , as the case may be. The Company shall have the burden of proof in overcoming such presumption, and such presumption shall be used as a basis for a determination of entitlement to indemnification and advancement of expenses unless the Company overcomes such presumption by clear and convincing evidence. For purposes of this Agreement, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, Indemnitee shall be deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee's action is based on the records or books of account of the Company, including financial statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the officers, employees or committees of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "  Board of Directors  "), or on the advice of legal counsel or other advisors (including financial advisors and accountants) for the Company or on information or records given in reports made to the Company by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert or advisor selected by the Company, and the knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or relevant enterprises will not be imputed to Indemnitee in a manner that limits or otherwise adversely affects Indemnitee's rights hereunder. 

3 

Section 4.       Insurance and Subrogation  . 

(a)        The Company hereby covenants and agrees that, so long as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a director or officer of the Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, fiduciary, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, the Company, subject to  Section 4(b) , shall promptly obtain and maintain in full force and effect directors' and officers' liability insurance ("  D O Insurance  ") in reasonable amounts from established and reputable insurers, as more fully described below. 

(b)     Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have no obligation to obtain or maintain D O Insurance if the Company determines in good faith that: (i) such insurance is not reasonably available; (ii) the premium costs for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided; (iii) the coverage provided by such insurance is limited by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit; (iv) the Company is to be acquired and a tail policy of reasonable terms and duration is purchased for pre closing acts or omissions by Indemnitee; or (v) the Company is to be acquired and D O Insurance will be maintained by the acquirer that covers pre closing acts and omissions by Indemnitee. 

(c)     In all policies of D O Insurance, Indemnitee shall qualify as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured (i) of the Company's independent directors (as defined by the insurer) if Indemnitee is such an independent director; (ii) of the Company's non independent directors if Indemnitee is not an independent director; (iii) of the Company's officers if Indemnitee is an officer of the Company; or (iv) of the Company's key employees, if Indemnitee is not a director or officer but is a key employee. If the Company has D O Insurance in effect at the time the Company receives from Indemnitee any notice of the commencement of an action, suit or proceeding, the Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the policy. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such action, suit or proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policy. 

4 

(d)     Subject to  Section 16 , in the event of any payment by the Company under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee with respect to any insurance policy or any other indemnity agreement covering Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall execute all papers required and take all reasonable action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce such rights in accordance with the terms of such insurance policy. The Company shall pay or reimburse all expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such subrogation. 

(e)     Subject to  Section 16 , the Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder (including, without limitation, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement) if and to the extent that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under this Agreement or any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 

Section 5.       Certain Definitions   .  For purposes of this Agreement, the following definitions shall apply: 

(a)     The term "  action, suit or proceeding  " shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, the investigation, preparation, prosecution, defense, settlement, arbitration and appeal of, and the giving of testimony in, any threatened, asserted, pending or completed claim, counterclaim, cross claim, action, suit, arbitration, mediation, judicial reference, any other alternative dispute mechanism or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether instituted by the Company, any governmental agency or any other party or person. 

(b)     The term "  by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, fiduciary, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise  " shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, any actual or alleged act or omission to act. 

(c)     The term "  expenses  " shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, all direct and indirect costs of any type or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, all attorneys' fees, costs and expenses and related disbursements, appeal bonds, other out of pocket costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, fees of experts and other professionals, witness fees, travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, any federal, state, local or foreign taxes) imposed on Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, ERISA excise taxes and penalties actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with either the investigation, defense or appeal of an action, suit or proceeding or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under this Agreement or otherwise incurred in connection with a claim that is indemnifiable hereunder. 

5 

(d)     The term "  judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement  " shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, all direct and indirect payments of any type or nature whatsoever, as well as any penalties or excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan. 

Section 6.       Limitation on Indemnification   .  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to this Agreement: 

(a)       Proceedings Initiated by Indemnitee  . To indemnify or advance expenses to Indemnitee with respect to an action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) initiated voluntarily by Indemnitee, except with respect to any counterclaim or cross claim brought by Indemnitee or an action, suit or proceeding brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Agreement, unless (i) such indemnification is expressly required to be made by law, (ii) such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors, (iii) such indemnification is provided by the Company, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in the Company under the DGCL or (iv) such action, suit or proceeding is brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Agreement or any other statute or law or otherwise as required under Section 145 of the DGCL in advance of a final determination. 

(b)       Lack of Good Faith  . To indemnify Indemnitee for any expenses incurred by Indemnitee with respect to any action, suit or proceeding instituted by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret this Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction determines by a final adjudication that each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee in such action, suit or proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous. 

(c)       Section 16(b) and Clawback Matters  . To indemnify Indemnitee for (i) an accounting of profits made from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "  Exchange Act  ") or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law, (ii) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation or of any profits realized by Indemnitee from the sale of securities of the Company, as required in each case under the Exchange Act (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "  Sarbanes-Oxley Act  "), or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) or (iii) any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any compensation pursuant to any Company incentive plan or award agreement or any compensation recoupment or clawback policy adopted by the Board of Directors or the compensation committee of the Board of Directors, including but not limited to any such policy adopted to comply with stock exchange listing requirements implementing Section 10D of the Exchange Act. 

(d)       Prohibited by Law  . To indemnify or advance expenses to Indemnitee in any circumstance where such indemnification has been determined to be prohibited by law by a final (not interlocutory) judgment or other adjudication of a court or arbitration or administrative body of competent jurisdiction as to which there is no further right or option of appeal or the time within which an appeal must be filed has expired without such filing. 

6 

Section 7.       Change in Control  . 

(a)     The Company agrees that if there is a change in control of the Company, then with respect to all matters thereafter arising concerning the rights of Indemnitee to indemnification and advancement of expenses under this Agreement, any other agreement or the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws now or hereafter in effect, the Company shall seek legal advice only from independent counsel selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). In addition, upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to  Section 3(a) , a determination, if required by the DGCL, with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made by such independent counsel in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees of the independent counsel referred to above and to indemnify fully such counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys' fees, costs and expenses), claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement pursuant hereto. 

(b)     For purposes of this  Section 7 , the following definitions shall apply: 

(i)     A "  change in control  " shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following: (A) any person or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, obtains ownership, directly or indirectly, of (x) more than 50% of the total voting power of the outstanding capital stock of the Company or applicable successor entity (including any securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for such capital stock) or (y) all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; (B) during any period of two consecutive years (not including any period prior to the execution of this Agreement), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board of Directors, and any new director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered into an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in   Sections 7(b)(i)(A)  ,   7(b)(i)(C)   or   7(b)(i)(D)  ) whose election by the Board of the Directors or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors; (C) the effective date of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other entity, other than a merger or consolidation that would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior to such merger or consolidation continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least 50% of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation and with the power to elect at least a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of such surviving entity; and   (D) the approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. For purposes of this   Section 7(b)(i)   only, "  person  " shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act;  provided ,  however , that "person" shall exclude (a) the Company, (b) any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company and (c) any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company. 

7 

(ii)     The term "  independent counsel  " means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (A) the Company or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party or (B) any other party to the action, suit or proceeding giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "independent counsel" shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee's rights under this Agreement. 

(iii)     The term "  Subsidiary  " means, with respect to the Company (or an applicable successor entity), any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of the Company or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity, a majority of the partnership or other similar ownership interest thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of the Company or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, the Company or its applicable Subsidiary shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest in a partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity if the Company or such applicable Subsidiary shall be allocated a majority of partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity gains or losses or shall be or control the managing director, managing member, manager or general partner of such partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity. 

Section 8.       Certain Settlement Provisions   .  The Company shall have no obligation to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any action, suit or proceeding without the Company's prior written consent. The Company shall not, without Indemnitee's prior written consent, settle any action, suit or proceeding in any manner that would attribute to Indemnitee any admission of liability or misconduct or that would impose any fine or other obligation or restriction on Indemnitee. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold his, her or its consent to any proposed settlement. 

Section 9.       Savings Clause   .    If any provision or provisions (or portion thereof) of this Agreement shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee was or is a party to, is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in, as a witness or otherwise, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (brought in the right of the Company or otherwise), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative and whether formal or informal, including any and all appeals, by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was or has agreed to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or while serving as a director or officer of the Company, is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent (which, for purposes hereof, shall include a trustee, fiduciary, partner or manager or similar capacity) of another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted by Indemnitee in any such capacity, from and against all Losses suffered by, or incurred by or on behalf of, Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, including any appeals, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Agreement that shall not have been invalidated. 

8 

Section 10.       Contribution   .  In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for herein is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part, it is agreed that, in such event, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, contribute to the payment of all Losses suffered by, or incurred by or on behalf of, Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding, including any appeals, in an amount that is just and equitable in the circumstances in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause to such actions, suit or proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its directors, officers, employees and agents) and Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s);  provided  that, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such contribution shall not be required where such holding by the court is due to any limitation on indemnification set forth in  Section 4(e) ,  Section 6  or  Section 9 . 

Section 11.       Enforcement   .    The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement and assumed the obligation imposed on it hereby in order to induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the Company (as applicable), and acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in serving in such capacity. 

Section 12.       Form and Delivery of Communications   .    All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if (a) delivered by hand, upon receipt by the party to whom said notice or other communication shall have been directed, (b) mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which it is so mailed, (c) mailed by reputable overnight courier, one day after deposit with such courier and with written verification of receipt, or (d) sent by email or facsimile transmission, with receipt of oral confirmation that such transmission has been received . Notice to the Company shall be directed to [_____], email: [_____@_____.com,     facsimile: [(___) ___ ____], confirmation number: [(___) ___ ____]. Notice to Indemnitee shall be directed to [_____], email: [_____], facsimile: [_____], confirmation number: [_____].  

Section 13.       Nonexclusivity   .  The provisions for indemnification to or the advancement of expenses and costs to Indemnitee under this Agreement shall not limit or restrict in any way the power of the Company to indemnify or advance expenses to Indemnitee in any other way permitted by law or be deemed exclusive of, or invalidate, any right to which any indemnitee seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any law, the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws, other agreements or arrangements, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in Indemnitee's capacity as an officer, director, employee or agent of the Company and as to action in any other capacity. Indemnitee's rights hereunder shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of Indemnitee. 

9 

Section 14.       Defenses   .  In (i) any action, suit or proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in an action, suit or proceeding brought by Indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) any action, suit or proceeding brought by the Company to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking by Indemnitee pursuant to  Section 2 , the Company shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, Indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Company (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or the Company's stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Company (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel or the Company's stockholders) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by Indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. 

Section 15.       No Construction as Employment Agreement   .  Nothing contained herein shall be construed as giving Indemnitee any right to be retained as a director of the Company or in the employ of the Company or any other entity. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnification and advancement of expenses provided under this Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee even though he or she may have ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company. 

Section 16.       Jointly Indemnifiable Claims  . 

(a)     Given that certain jointly indemnifiable claims may arise due to the service of Indemnitee as a director and/or officer of the Company at the request of Indemnitee related entities (as defined below), the Company acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall be fully and primarily responsible for payments to Indemnitee in respect of indemnification or advancement of expenses in connection with any such jointly indemnifiable claims pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, irrespective of any right of recovery Indemnitee may have from Indemnitee related entities. Under no circumstance shall the Company be entitled to any right of subrogation or contribution by Indemnitee related entities, and no right of advancement or recovery Indemnitee may have from Indemnitee related entities shall reduce or otherwise alter the rights of Indemnitee or the obligations of the Company hereunder. In the event that any of Indemnitee related entities shall make any payment to Indemnitee in respect of indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to any jointly indemnifiable claim, Indemnitee related entities making such payment shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against the Company, and Indemnitee shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do all things that may be reasonably necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents as may be necessary to enable Indemnitee related entities effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. The Company and Indemnitee agree that each of the Indemnitee related entities shall be a third party beneficiary with respect to this  Section 16(a)  and entitled to enforce this  Section 16(a)  as though each such Indemnitee related entity were a party to this Agreement. 

10 

(b)     For purposes of this  Section 16 , the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(i)     The term "  Indemnitee related entities  " means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise (other than the Company or any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise Indemnitee has agreed, on behalf of the Company or at the Company's request, to serve as a director, officer, employee or agent and which service is covered by the indemnity described in this Agreement) from whom an Indemnitee may be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses with respect to which, in whole or in part, the Company may also have an indemnification or advancement obligation (other than as a result of obligations under an insurance policy). 

(ii)     The term "  jointly indemnifiable claims  " shall be broadly construed and shall include, without limitation, any action, suit or proceeding for which Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses from both the Company and any Indemnitee related entity pursuant to the DGCL, any agreement or the certificate of incorporation, bylaws, partnership agreement, operating agreement, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership or comparable organizational documents of the Company or Indemnitee related entities, as applicable. 

Section 17.       Interpretation of Agreement   .  It is understood that the parties hereto intend this Agreement to be interpreted and enforced so as to provide, in each instance, indemnification and advancement of expenses to Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights than the DGCL permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment). Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation", whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. 

Section 18.       Entire Agreement   .  This Agreement and the documents expressly referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the matters covered hereby, and any other prior or contemporaneous oral or written understandings or agreements with respect to the matters covered hereby are expressly superseded by this Agreement. 

Section 19.       Modification and Waiver   .  No supplement, modification, waiver or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provision hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. For the avoidance of doubt, (a) this Agreement may not be modified or terminated by the Company without Indemnitee's prior written consent; (b) no amendment, alteration or interpretation of the Company's certification of incorporation or bylaws or any other agreement or arrangement shall limit or otherwise adversely affect the rights provided to Indemnitee under this Agreement and (c) a right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses arising under a provision of the Company's certification of incorporation or bylaws or this Agreement shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to such provision after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought. 

11 

Section 20.       Successor and Assigns   .  All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, shall inure to the benefit of and shall be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators and legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any direct or indirect successor (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place. 

Section 21.       Service of Process and Venue   .  The Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (a) agrees that any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware (the "  Delaware Court  "), (b) consents to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, (c) appoints, to the extent the Company is not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, Corporation Service Company, 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington, Delaware 19808 as its agent in the State of Delaware for acceptance of legal process in connection with any such action or proceeding against such party with the same legal force and validity as if served upon the Company personally within the State of Delaware, (d) waives any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in the Delaware Court and (e) waives, and agrees not to plead or to make, any claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum. 

Section 22.       Governing Law   .  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware. If, notwithstanding the foregoing, a court of competent jurisdiction shall make a final determination that the provisions of the law of any state other than Delaware govern indemnification by the Company of Indemnitee, then the indemnification provided under this Agreement shall in all instances be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted under such law, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary. 

Section 23.       Counterparts   .  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument, notwithstanding that both parties are not signatories to the original or same counterpart. 

Section 24.       Headings and Section References   .  The section and subsection headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Section references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 

[Signature Page Follows]

12 

This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered to be effective as of the date first written above.

NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC.

By:

Name:

Title:

INDEMNITEE:

Name: 

13 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 qex31-1.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

SECTION 302   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, M. Truman Hunt, certify that:

1.                I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.; 

2.                Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.                Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.                The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)                Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)                Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)                Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)                Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.                The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)                All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)                Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:                November 3, 2016                                                   /s/ M. Truman Hunt   

M. Truman Hunt

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 qex31-2.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

SECTION 302   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Ritch N. Wood, certify that:

1.                I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.; 

2.                Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.                Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.                The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)                Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)                Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)                Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)                Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.                The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)                All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)                Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:                 November 3, 2016                                                     /s/ Ritch N. Wood   

Ritch N. Wood

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 qex32-1.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the quarterly report of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report"), I, M. Truman Hunt, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

1.        The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.        The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:               November 3, 2016 

/s/ M. Truman Hunt 

M. Truman Hunt

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 qex32-2.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the quarterly report of Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report"), I, Ritch N. Wood, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:

1.        The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.        The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:                November 3, 2016 

/s/ Ritch N. Wood 

Ritch N. Wood

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 nus-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nus-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nus-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nus-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nus-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nus-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

