<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1408146_0001062993-16-012104_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3416976</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88878</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>313680</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>503403</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1823712</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>621394</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012104.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109145157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012104
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCANDIUM INTERNATIONAL MINING CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001408146
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54416
		FILM NUMBER:		161983808

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#501 - 1430 GREG STREET
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89431
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-355-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#501 - 1430 GREG STREET
		CITY:			SPARKS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89431

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMC METALS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090921

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLDEN PREDATOR MINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070727

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012104.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Scandium International Mining Corp.: Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   Washington, D.C. 20549
  
   FORM 10-Q    
  [X] QUARTERLY REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the quarterly period ended   September 30,
2016      
  [ ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE
EXCHANGE ACT   
 For the transition period from _________to
__________________  
   000-54416      (Commission File Number)  
    SCANDIUM INTERNATIONAL MINING
CORP.       (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter)  

British Columbia, Canada    
       98-1009717     
   
     (State or other jurisdiction  
     (IRS Employer   
   
     of incorporation or organization)  
     Identification No.)     
 
   (775) 355-9500      (Registrant s telephone
number, including area code)  
   N/A      (Former name, former address and
former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all
reports required to be filed by sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [  X
 ]   No  [  ]  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
 Yes [  X  ]  No [  ]  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company.   Large accelerated filer  [ 
]                                
Accelerated filer [
 ]                              
Non-accelerated filed  [
 ]                                 
Smaller reporting company  [  X  ]  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company, as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   Yes 
[  ]  No  [  X  ]  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
  As of November 07, 2016, the registrant s outstanding common
stock       consisted of 225,047,200 shares.      

PART I.        
FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  Item 1. Financial Statements   

UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  
  NINE MONTHS AND QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

Scandium International Mining Corp.  CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited)  
 
 Nature and continuance of operations (Note 1)  
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements.  
 2  

Scandium International Mining Corp.  CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF  OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  (Expressed
in US Dollars) (Unaudited)  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements.  
 3  

Scandium International Mining Corp.   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  (Expressed in US Dollars) (Unaudited)

Supplemental disclosure with respect to cash flows  (Note
9)  
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements.  
 4 

Scandium International Mining Corp.   CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN  EQUITY  (Expressed in US Dollars)
(Unaudited)  
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements. 
 5  

Scandium International Mining Corp.    
   
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2016   
   
     (Expressed in US
      Dollars) (Unaudited)     

1.   
     
        NATURE AND CONTINUANCE OF
  OPERATIONS     
 Scandium International Mining Corp.
(the  Company ) is a specialty metals and alloys company focusing on scandium
and other specialty metals. 
 The Company was incorporated under the
laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada in 2006. The Company currently
trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol  SCY . 
 The Company s focus is on the
exploration and evaluation of its specialty metals assets, specifically the
Nyngan scandium deposit located in New South Wales, Australia ( Nyngan Scandium
Project ) and the T rdal scandium/rare earth minerals deposit in Norway. In June
2014, the Company made the final installment payment to acquire the Nyngan
Scandium Project. The Company is an exploration stage company and anticipates
incurring significant additional expenditures prior to production at any and all
of its properties.  
 In fiscal 2015, the Company settled a
$2,500,000 promissory note payable in exchange for a 20% interest in its
Australian subsidiary which holds the Nyngan and Honeybugle properties.
Accordingly, the Company holds an 80% interest in its Australian subsidiary as
at period end.  
 These condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on a going concern basis that contemplates the
realization of assets and discharge of liabilities at their carrying values in
the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. These financial
statements do not reflect any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern.  
 The Company currently earns no
operating revenues and will require additional capital in order to advance both
the Nyngan and T rdal properties. The Company s ability to continue as a going
concern is uncertain and is dependent upon the generation of profits from
mineral properties, obtaining additional financing and maintaining continued
support from its shareholders and creditors. These are material uncertainties
that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. In the event that additional financial support is not received or
operating profits are not generated, the carrying values of the Company s assets
may be adversely affected.  

2.   
     
        BASIS OF PRESENTATION     
  Basis of presentation   
 The accompanying unaudited interim
condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ). The interim condensed consolidated financial statements include the
consolidated accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries with all
significant intercompany transactions eliminated. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the consolidated financial
position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods have been
made. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles of the United States of America ( US GAAP ) have been
condensed or omitted pursuant to such SEC rules and regulations. These interim
condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with
the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31,
2015 and with our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15,
2016. Operating results for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 may
not necessarily be indicative of the results for the year ending December 31,
2016.  
 These unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, EMC Metals USA Inc., Wolfram Jack Mining Corp., and The Technology
Store, Inc. Non-controlling interest represents the minority shareholders  20%
proportionate share of the net assets and results of the Company s
majority-owned Australian subsidiary, EMC Metals Australia Pty Ltd., from the
date the 20% interest was disposed by the Company (Note 10). All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated on
consolidation. 
  Use of estimates and judgements
  
 The preparation of interim condensed
consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the
reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions
related to the deferred income tax asset valuations, asset impairment,
stock-based compensation and loss contingencies. The Company bases its estimates
and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other
factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results
of which form the basis for making judgments about the other sources. The actual
results experienced by the Company may differ materially and adversely from the
Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between
estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected.
 
 The Company considers itself to be an exploration stage company and will consider the transition to development stage company based on all relevant factors including receipt of a mining license for its Nyngan Scandium project from the Mines Department of New South Wales, Australia, and financing for the project.  
  Fair value of financial assets and
liabilities   
 The Company measures the fair value of financial assets and
  liabilities based on US GAAP guidance which defines fair value, establishes a
  framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value
  measurements.  
 6  

Scandium International Mining Corp.    
   
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2016   
   
     (Expressed in US
      Dollars) (Unaudited)      

2.   
     
        BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 (cont d )    
 The Company classifies financial assets
and liabilities as held-for-trading, available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, loans
and receivables or other financial liabilities depending on their nature.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized at fair value on their
initial recognition, except for those arising from certain related party
transactions which are accounted for at the transferor s carrying amount or
exchange amount.  
 Financial assets and liabilities
classified as held-for-trading are measured at fair value, with gains and losses
recognized in net income. Financial assets classified as held-to-maturity, loans

and receivables, and financial liabilities other than those classified as
held-for-trading are measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest
method of amortization. Financial assets classified as available-for-sale are
measured at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses being recognized as
other comprehensive income until realized, or if an unrealized loss is
considered other than temporary, the unrealized loss is recorded in income.  
 Financial instruments, including
receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and accounts payable with
related parties, are carried at amortized cost, which management believes
approximates fair value due to the short term nature of these instruments. 
 The following table presents
information about the assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
basis as at September 30, 2016, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the
valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. In
general, fair values determined by Level 1 inputs utilize quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. Fair values determined by
Level 2 inputs utilize data points that are observable such as quoted prices,
interest rates and yield curves. Fair values determined by Level 3 inputs are
unobservable data points for the asset or liability, and included situations
where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset:  
 
 The fair values of cash are determined
through market, observable and corroborated sources.  
  Recently Issued Accounting
Standards  
 Accounting Standards Update 2016-09  
Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting. This accounting pronouncement, which goes into effect
December 16, 2016, addresses the simplification of several aspects of the
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and
classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company is reviewing this
update to determine the impact it will have on its financial statements.  
 Accounting Standards Update
2016-02-Leases (Topic 842). This accounting pronouncement allows lessees to make
an accounting policy election to not recognize a lease asset and liability for
leases with a term of 12 months or less and do not have a purchase option that
is expected to be exercised. This standard is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will
have on its financial statements.  
 Accounting Standards Update 2016-01  
Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. This accounting pronouncement,
which goes into effect December 12, 2017, is far reaching and covers several
presentation areas dealing with measurement, impairment, assumptions used in
estimating fair value and several other areas. The Company is reviewing this
update to determine the impact it may have on its financial statements.  
 Accounting Standards Update 2015-17  
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This
accounting pronouncement requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be
classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.
Currently deferred tax liabilities and assets must be presented as current and
noncurrent. The policy is effective December 16, 2016. The Company is evaluating
this guidance and believes it will have little impact on the presentation of its
financial statements.  
 Accounting Standards Update 2015-02 -
Consolidation (Topic 810) - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. This
update provides guidance with respect to the analysis that a reporting entity
must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal
entities. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business
entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years,
beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company has adopted this standard which
has little impact on the presentation of its financial statements.  
 Accounting Standards Update 2015-01 -
Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20). This Update
is part of an initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards (the
Simplification Initiative). This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. The amendments in this
Update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company has adopted this standard. 
 7  

Scandium International Mining Corp.    
   
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2016   
   
     (Expressed in US
      Dollars) (Unaudited)    

2.   
     
        BASIS OF PRESENTATION
 (cont d )    
 Accounting Standards Update 2014-15  
Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). This
accounting pronouncement provides guidance in GAAP about management s
responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote
disclosures. In doing so, the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing
and content of footnote disclosures. The policy is effective December 15, 2016.
The Company is evaluating this guidance and believes it will have little impact
on the presentation of its financial statements.  

3.   
     
        EQUIPMENT      

4.   
     
        MINERAL INTERESTS      

Title to mineral property interests
involves certain inherent risks due to the difficulties of determining the
validity of certain claims as well as the potential for problems arising from
the frequently ambiguous conveyancing history characteristic of many mineral
property interests. The Company has investigated title to all of its mineral
property interests and, to the best of its knowledge, title to all of its
properties is in good standing.  
 On October 13, 2015, the Company
received US$2.07M from a private investor in return for the granting of a 0.7%
royalty on gross mineral sales from both the Nyngan Scandium Project and the
Honeybugle property. The amount received in return for the royalty interest was
deducted from the value of the mineral interests of Nyngan and Honeybugle.  

 8  

Scandium International Mining Corp.    
   
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2016   
   
     (Expressed in US
      Dollars) (Unaudited)    
  SCANDIUM PROPERTIES   
  Nyngan, New South Wales
Property     
 On February 6, 2013, the Company
announced that it had acquired 100% of the Nyngan Scandium Project, in return
for AUD$2.6 million cash payments and a percentage royalty payable to its
previous partner on sales of product from the project. 

4.   
     
        MINERAL PROPERTY INTERESTS
   (cont d )    
 During fiscal 2015, the Company settled
a $2,500,000 promissory note payable in exchange for a 20% interest in its
Australian subsidiary which holds title to both the Nyngan and Honeybugle
properties. 
 Royalties attached to the Nyngan
Scandium Project include a 1.5% Net Profits Interest royalty to private parties
involved with the early exploration on the project, and a 1.7% Net Smelter
Returns royalty payable to Jervois for 12 years after production commences,
subject to terms in the settlement agreement. Another revenue royalty is payable
to private interests of 0.2%, subject to a $370,000 cap. A New South Wales
minerals royalty will also be levied on the project, subject to negotiation,
currently 4% on revenue.  
  Honeybugle property, Australia
  
 In April of 2014 the Company also
acquired an exploration license referred to as the Honeybugle property, a
prospective scandium exploration property located 24 kilometers from the Nyngan
Scandium Project. As described in the previous Nyngan Scandium Project section,
during fiscal 2015, the Company settled its $2,500,000 promissory note payable
in exchange for a 20% interest in its Australian subsidiary which holds title to
both the Nyngan and Honeybugle properties.  
  T rdal and Evje-Iveland properties,
Norway   
 During 2012 the Company entered into an
option agreement with REE Mining AS ( REE ) to earn up to a 100% interest in the
T rdal and Evje-Iveland properties pursuant to which the Company paid $130,000
and issued 1,000,000 common shares valued at $40,000. The Company subsequently
renegotiated the payments required to earn the interest and the Evje-Iveland
property was removed from the option agreement. Pursuant to the amendment, the
Company earned a 100% interest in the T rdal property by paying an additional
$35,000 and granting a 1% Net Smelter Return ( NSR ) payable to REE.  

5.   
     
        RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS     
 During the 9-month period ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $334,129 for stock-based compensation
for stock options issued to Company directors (2015 -$235,972).  
 During the 9-month period ended
September 30, 2016, the Company paid a consulting fee of $76,500 to one of its
directors (2015 - $79,000).  
 Accounts payable to related parties at
September 30, 2016 were $Nil (2015 - $11,009).  

6.   
     
        CAPITAL STOCK AND ADDITIONAL PAID IN
  CAPITAL     
 On September 1, 2015, the Company
issued 1,982,850 common shares at a value of C$0.10 per common share for total
proceeds of C$198,285 ($150,000).  
 On August 31, 2015, the Company issued
2,237,480 common shares at a value of C$0.10 per common share in settlement of
interest payable on the promissory note with a fair value of C$223,748
($169,262).  
 On August 24, 2015, the Company issued
21,672,080 common shares at a value of C$0.10 per common share for total
proceeds of C$2,167,208 ($1,662,047). The Company paid $60,000 in share issuance
costs with regard to this common share issue.  
  Stock Options   
 The Company established a stock option
plan (the  Plan ) under which it is authorized to grant options to executive
officers and directors, employees and consultants and the number of options
granted under the Plan shall not exceed 15% of the shares outstanding. Under the
Plan, the exercise period of the options may not exceed five years from the date
of grant and vesting is determined by the Board of Directors. 
 9  

Scandium International Mining Corp.    
   
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2016   
   
     (Expressed in US
      Dollars) (Unaudited)     

6.   
     
        CAPITAL STOCK AND ADDITIONAL PAID IN CAPITAL
       (cont d )    
 Stock option transactions are
summarized as follows:  
 
 As at September 30, 2016, incentive
stock options were outstanding and exercisable as follows:  

* These options were extended by the Company shareholder s at the Company s
annual meeting in October 2015. The Company recognized an additional expense of
$281,962 related to this extension during theyear ended December 31, 2015. Black-Scholes
option pricing model assumptions used were a risk-free interest rate of 1.49%,
expected life of 5 years, with a 0.00% forfeiture and dividend rate as well as a
volatility rate of 145.92% .  
 As at September 30, 2016 the Company s
outstanding and exercisable stock options have an aggregate intrinsic value of
$918,074 (2015 - $524,946).  
 As at September 30, 2016, there were no
warrants outstanding.  
  Stock-based compensation   
 During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recognized stock-based compensation of $434,102 (September
30, 2015 - $375,864) in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss as a
result of incentive stock options granted and vested in the current period.
There were 5,260,000 stock options issued during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 (September 30, 2015   5,350,000).  
 The weighted average fair value of the
options granted in the period was C$0.12 (2015 - C$0.14) .  
 The fair value of all compensatory
options and warrants granted is estimated on grant date using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model. The weighted average assumptions used in calculating the
fair values are as follows:  
 10  

Scandium International Mining Corp.    
   
     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

September 30, 2016   
   
     (Expressed in US
      Dollars) (Unaudited)     

7.   
     
        TREASURY STOCK      
 
 Treasury shares comprise shares of the
Company which cannot be sold without the prior approval of the TSX.  

8.   
     
        SEGMENTED INFORMATION     
 The Company s mineral properties are
located in Norway and Australia. The Company s capital assets  geographic
information is as follows:  

9.   
     
        SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE WITH RESPECT TO CASH
      FLOWS      
 
 There were no significant non-cash
transactions in either of the nine month periods ending September 30, 2016 and
September 30, 2015.  

10.   
     
        EMC METALS AUSTRALIA PTY
LTD     
 On August 24, 2015, the Company s
$2,500,000 promissory note payable converted into a 20% ownership interest in
EMC Metals Australia Pty Ltd ( EMC Australia ), with the Company holding an 80%
ownership interest. EMC Australia holds the Company s interests in the Nyngan
Scandium Project and Honeybugle Scandium property. Upon conversion of the
promissory note payable, EMC Australia is now operated as a joint venture
between Scandium Investments LLC ( SIL ) and the Company. SIL holds a carried
interest in the Nyngan Scandium Project and is not required to contribute cash
for the operation of EMC Australia until the Company meets two development
milestones: (1) filing a feasibility study on SEDAR, and (2) receiving a mining
license on either joint venture property. At such time as the two development
milestones are met, SIL becomes fully participating on project costs thereafter.
The first development milestone has been met and the Company is in the process
of obtaining a mining license on the Nyngan Scandium Project.  
 Completion of the development
milestones by the Company, as described above, activates a second one-time,
limited period option for SIL to elect to convert the fair market value of its
20% joint venture interest in the Nyngan Scandium Project and Honeybugle
Scandium property into an equivalent value of the Company s common shares, at
then prevailing market prices, rather than continue with ownership at the
project level. 
 SIL s interest in EMC Australia is consolidated in the
Company s Consolidated Financial Statements for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 as a non-controlling interest.  
 11 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  
 The following discussion of the operating results, corporate
activities and financial condition of Scandium International Mining Corp.
(hereinafter referred to as  we ,  us ,  SCY ,  Scandium ,  Scandium
International  or the  Company ) and its subsidiaries provides an analysis of
the operating and financial results for the three and nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim
consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the nine month
period ended September 30, 2016, and with the Company s audited consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015
(the  Annual Statements ).  
 This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors, including, but not limited to, those set forth
under the heading  Risk Factors and Uncertainties  in our Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q.  
 The interim statements have been prepared in accordance with US
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( US GAAP ) as required under U.S.
federal securities laws applicable to the Company, and as permitted under
applicable Canadian securities laws. The Company is a reporting company under
applicable securities laws in Canada and the United States. The reporting
currency used in our financial statements is the United States Dollar.  
 The information contained within this report is current as of
November 7, 2016 unless otherwise noted. Additional information relevant to the
Company s activities can be found on SEDAR at  www.sedar.com  and on EDGAR
at  www.sec.gov .    
 Technical information in this MD A has been reviewed and
approved by Willem Duyvesteyn, a Qualified Person as defined by Canadian
National Instrument 43-101 ( NI 43-101 ). Mr. Duyvesteyn is a director and
consultant of Scandium International.  
  Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors Regarding Reserve and
Resource Estimates   
 The Company uses Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and
Petroleum definitions for the terms  proven reserves ,  probable reserves ,
 measured resources  and  indicated resources . U.S. investors are cautioned
that while these terms are recognized and required by Canadian regulations,
including National Instrument 43-101  Standards of Disclosure for Mineral
Projects  ( NI 43-101 ), the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
does not recognize them. Canadian mining disclosure standards differ from the
requirements of the SEC under SEC Industry Guide 7, and reserve and resource
information referenced in this Form 10-Q may not be comparable to similar
information disclosed by companies reporting under U.S. standards. In
particular, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term
 resource  does not equate to the term  reserve . Under United States standards,
mineralization may not be classified as a  reserve  unless the determination has
been made that the mineralization could be economically and legally produced or
extracted at the time the reserve determination is made. The SEC s disclosure
standards normally do not permit the inclusion of information concerning
 measured mineral resources  or  indicated mineral resources  or other
descriptions of the amount of mineralization in mineral deposits that do not
constitute  reserves  by U.S. standards in documents filed with the SEC.
Disclosure of  contained ounces  in a resource estimate is permitted disclosure
under Canadian regulations; however, the SEC normally only permits issuers to
report mineralization that does not constitute  reserves  by SEC standards as
tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. The requirements of NI
43-101 for identification of  reserves  are also not the same as those of the
SEC, and reserves in compliance with NI 43-101 may not qualify as  reserves 
under SEC standards.  

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
  
 Certain statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
may constitute  forward-looking statements about the Company and its business.
Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and
include, but are not limited to, reserve and resource estimates, estimated value
of the project, projected investment returns, anticipated mining and processing
methods for the project, the estimated economics of the project, anticipated
scandium recoveries, production rates, scandium grades, estimated capital costs,
operating cash costs and total production costs, planned additional processing
work and environmental permitting. The forward-looking statements in this report
are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause
the Company's actual results or achievements to differ materially from those
expressed in or implied by forward looking statements. These risks,
uncertainties and other factors include, without limitation risks related to
uncertainty in the demand for scandium and pricing assumptions; uncertainties
related to raising sufficient financing to fund the project in a timely manner
and on acceptable terms; changes in planned work resulting from logistical,
technical or other factors; the possibility that results of work will not
fulfill expectations and realize the perceived potential of the Company's
properties; uncertainties involved in the estimation of scandium reserves and
resources; the possibility that required permits may not be obtained on a timely
manner or at all; the possibility that capital and operating costs may be higher
than currently estimated and may preclude commercial development or render
operations uneconomic; the possibility that the estimated recovery rates may not
be achieved; risk of accidents, equipment breakdowns and labor disputes or other
unanticipated difficulties or interruptions; the possibility of cost overruns or
unanticipated expenses in the work program; risks related to projected project
economics, recovery rates, and estimated NPV and anticipated IRR and other
factors identified in the Company's SEC filings and its filings with Canadian
securities regulatory authorities. Forward-looking statements are based on the
beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company's management at the time they
are made, and other than as required by applicable securities laws, the Company
does not assume any obligation to update its forward-looking statements if those
beliefs, opinions or expectations, or other circumstances, should change.  
  Scandium International Corporate Overview   
 Scandium International is a specialty metals and alloys company
focused on developing the production and sales of scandium and other specialty
metals. The Company intends to utilize its knowhow and, in certain instances,
patented technologies to maximize opportunities in scandium and other specialty
metals. 
 The Company was formed in 2006, under the name Golden Predator
Mines Inc. As part of a reorganization and spin-out of the Company s precious
metals portfolio in March 2009, the Company changed its name to EMC Metals Corp.
In order to reflect our emphasis on mining for scandium minerals, effective
November 19, 2014, we changed our name to Scandium International Mining Corp.
The Company currently trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the  TSX ) under the
symbol  SCY . 
 Our focus of operations is the exploration and development of
the Nyngan scandium deposit located in New South Wales ( NSW ), Australia
( Nyngan  or the  Nyngan Scandium Project ). We also hold an exploration stage
property in Norway, known as the T rdal scandium/rare earth minerals property
and an exploration stage property in Australia, known as the Honeybugle scandium
property. 
 We acquired a 100% interest in the Nyngan Scandium Project in
June of 2014 pursuant to the terms of a settlement agreement with Jervois Mining
Ltd. of Melbourne, Australia. The project is held through our Australian
subsidiary, EMC Metals Australia Pty Ltd. ( EMC Australia ), which also holds
the Honeybugle scandium property.  
 During Q3 of 2015, the Company converted a $2,500,000 loan from
Scandium Investments LLC ( SIL ), an unrelated investment company, into a 20%
minority interest in EMC Australia. As a result, the Company currently holds an
80% equity interest in its Australian subsidiary, with SIL holding a 20%
interest. EMC Australia is operated as a joint venture between SIL and SCY with
SIL holding a carried interest in the Nyngan Scandium Project until the Company
meets two development milestones: (1) filing a feasibility study on SEDAR (the
report was filed on May 6, 2016), and (2) receiving a mining license on either
joint venture property. At such time as the two development milestones are met,
SIL becomes fully participating on project costs thereafter.  

Completion of the development milestones by the Company, as
described above, triggers a limited period option whereby SIL can elect to
convert the fair market value of its 20% interest in EMC Australia into an
equivalent value of SCY common shares, at then prevailing market prices. 
 During the third quarter of 2016, we focused on Nyngan Scandium
Project activities including scandium marketing arrangements, completion of the
environmental impact statement ( EIS ) and application for a mining lease
( MLA ) with NSW Mines Department.  
  Principal Properties Review   
  Nyngan Scandium Project (NSW, Australia)   
  Nyngan Property Description and Location   
 The Nyngan Scandium Project site is located approximately 450
kilometers northwest of Sydney, NSW, Australia and approximately 20 kilometres
due west of the town of Nyngan, a rural town of approximately 2900 people. The
general area can be characterized as flat countryside and is classified as
agricultural land, used predominantly for wheat farming and livestock
grazing. 
 The specific location of the exploration licenses are provided
in Figure 2 below.  

Figure 1: Location of Nyngan Project       

Figure 2: Location of the Exploration Licenses   
     
  Nyngan Feasibility Study  
 On April 18, 2016 the Company announced the results of an
independently prepared feasibility study on the Nyngan Scandium Project. The
technical report on the feasibility study entitled   Feasibility Study  
Nyngan Scandium Project, Bogan Shire, NSW, Australia   is dated May 4, 2016
and was independently compiled pursuant to the requirements of NI 43-101. The
report was filed on May 6, 2016 and is available on SEDAR ( www.sedar.com )
and on the Company s website (www.scandiummining.com) and the SEC s website
(www.sec.gov). A full discussion on the technical report was provided in the
Company s Form 10Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2016, as filed with
the SEC and on SEDAR on May 13, 2016.  
 The feasibility study concluded that the Nyngan Scandium
Project has the potential to produce an average of 37,690 kilograms of scandium
oxide (scandia) per year, at grades of 98.0% -99.9%, generating an after tax
cumulative cash flow over a 20 year Project life of US$629 million, with an
 NPV 10%  of US$177  million. The average process plant feed
grade over the 20 year Project life is 409ppm of scandium.  
 The financial results of the feasibility study are based on a
conventional flow sheet, employing continuous high pressure acid leach (HPAL)
and solvent extraction (SX) techniques. The flow sheet was modeled and validated
from METSIM modeling and considerable bench scale/pilot scale metallurgical test
work utilising Nyngan resource material. A number of the key elements of this
flowsheet work have been protected by the Company under US Patent
Applications. 
 The Feasibility Study has been developed and compiled to an
accuracy level of +15%/-5%, by a globally recognized engineering firm that has
considerable expertise in laterite deposits and process facilities, as well as
in smaller mining and processing projects, and has excellent familiarity with
the Nyngan Scandium Project location and environment. 

Nyngan Scandium Project Highlights   

Capital cost estimate for the Project is
      US$87.1 million,   

Annual scandium oxide product volume averages
      37,690 kg per year, over 20 years   

Annual revenue of US$75.4 million (oxide price
      assumption of US$2,000/kg)   

Operating cost estimate for the Project is
      US$557/kg scandium oxide,   

Project Constant Dollar NPV10% is US$177
      million, (NPV8% is US$225 million),   

Project Constant Dollar IRR is 33.1%,   

Oxide product grades of 98-99.8%, as based on
      customer requirements,   

Project resource increases by 40% to 16.9
      million tonnes, grading 235ppm Sc, at a 100ppm cut- off in the measured
      and indicated categories, and   

Project Reserve totalling 1.43 million tonnes,
      grading 409ppm Sc was established on part of the resource.
   
   DFS Conclusions and Recommendations      
 The production assumptions in the Feasibility Study are backed
by solid independent flow sheet test work on the planned process for scandium
recovery. The Feasibility Study consolidates a significant amount of
metallurgical test work and prior study on the Nyngan Scandium Project,
including important test work results completed since the PEA was generated in
2014. The entire body of work demonstrates a viable, conventional process flow
sheet utilizing a continuous-system HPAL leaching process, and good
metallurgical recoveries of scandium from the resource. The metallurgical
assumptions are supported by various bench and pilot scale independent test work
programs that are consistent with known outcomes in other laterite resources.
The continuous autoclave configuration, as opposed to batch systems explored in
previous flow sheets, is also a more conventional and current design choice.
 
 The level of accuracy established in the Feasibility Study
substantially reduces the uncertainty levels inherent in earlier studies,
specifically the PEA. The greater confidence intervals around the Feasibility
Study were achieved by reliance on significant project engineering work, a
capital and operating cost estimate supported by detailed requirements and
vendor pricing, plus one offtake agreement and an independent marketing
assessment, both supportive of the marketing assumptions on the business.  
 The Feasibility Study delivered a positive result on the Nyngan
Scandium Project, and recommends the Nyngan Scandium Project owners seek finance
and proceed to construction. Recommendations were made therein for additional
immediate work, notably to win additional offtake agreements with customers,
complete some optimizing flow sheet studies, and to initiate as early as
possible detailed engineering required on certain long-lead capital items.  
   Confirmatory Metallurgical Test Results    
 On June 29, 2016 we announced the results of a confirmatory
metallurgical test work report from Altrius Engineering Services (AES) of
Brisbane, Australia. The test work results directly relate to the list of
recommended programs included in the Feasibility Study. AES devised and
supervised these test work programs at the SGS laboratory in Perth, Australia
and at the Nagrom laboratory in Brisbane, Australia.  
 The project DFS recommended a number of process flowsheet test
work programs be investigated prior to commencing detailed engineering and
construction. Those study areas included pressure leach ("HPAL"),
counter-current decant circuits ("CCD"), solvent extraction ("SX"), and oxalate
precipitation, with specific work steps suggested in each area. This latest test
work program addresses all of these recommended areas, and the results confirm
recoveries and efficiencies that either meet or exceed the parameters used in
the DFS. Highlights of the testing are:  

Pressure leach test work achieved 88%
      recoveries, from larger volume tests,   

Settling characteristics of leach discharge
      slurry show substantial improvement,     

Residue neutralization work meets or exceeds
      all environmental requirements as presented in the DFS and the
      environmental impact statement ("EIS"),   

Solvent extraction circuit optimization tests
      generated improved performance, exceeding 99% recovery in single pass
      systems, and   

Product finish circuits produced 99.8% scandium
      oxide, completing the recovery process from Nyngan ore to finished scandia
      product.    
   Environmental Permitting/Development Consent/Mining Lease
   
 On May 2, 2016 the Company announced the filing of an
Environmental Impact Statement ( EIS ) with the New South Wales, Australia,
Department of Planning and Environment, (the  Department ) in support of the
planned development of the Nyngan Scandium Project. The EIS was prepared by R.W.
Corkery   Co. Pty. Limited, on behalf of the Company s 80% owned subsidiary,
EMC Australia to support an application for Development Consent for the Nyngan
Scandium Project. The EIS is a complete document, including a Specialist
Consultants Study Compendium, and was submitted to the Department on Friday,
April 29, 2016. 
 EIS Highlights: 

The EIS finds residual environmental impacts
      represent negligible risk.   

The proposed development design achieves
      sustainable environmental outcomes.   

The EIS finds net-positive social and economic
      outcomes for the community.   

Nine independent environmental consulting
      groups conducted analysis over five years, and contributed report findings
      to the EIS.   

The Nyngan Project development is estimated to
      contribute A$12.4M to the local and regional economies, and A$39M to the
      State and Federal economies, annually   

The EIS is fully aligned with the DFS and with
      a NSW Mining License Application for the Nyngan Project.
   
 Conclusion statement in the EIS:  
  In light of the conclusions included throughout this
 Environmental Impact Statement , it is assessed that the Proposal could be
constructed and operated in a manner that would satisfy all relevant statutory
goals and criteria, environmental objectives and reasonable community
expectations.   
 EIS Discussion:  
 The EIS is the foundation document submitted by a developer
intending to build a mine facility in Australia. The Nyngan Scandium Project is
considered a State Significant Project, in that capital cost exceeds
A$30million, which means State agencies are designated to manage the
investigation and approval process for granting a Development Consent, from the
Minister of Planning and Environment. This Department will manage the review of
the Proposal through a number of State and local governmental agencies. 
 The EIS is a self-contained set of documents used to seek a
Development Consent. It is however, supported in many ways by the recently
completed feasibility study.  
 Once the Development Consent is granted, there are a number of
operating licenses that are required from various regulatory agencies to
construct and operate a mining operation in NSW. 
 The key license approvals are: 

An Environment Protection Licence,   

A Mining Lease,   

Water Supply Works and Use Approval and Water
      Access Licence,     

A Section 138 Permit issued by the Bogan Shire
      Council, for construction of the intersection of the Site Access Road and
      Gilgai Road,   

An approval from the NSW Dams Safety Committee
      for the design and construction of the Residue Storage Facility, and

A high voltage connection agreement with
      Essential Energy.    
 The EIS represents the cornerstone of all of these approvals
and licenses, along with the multi-interagency review that will precede the
approval authorization for a Development Consent. The timeframe for completion
of these reviews and granting of licenses is not fixed, and is dependent on the
quality of the EIS, the extent of the questions that may arise from the project
review, and the available resources in government to address the review itself.
General estimates range from 6-9 months, with some proposals taking longer,
particularly larger proposals, or proposals with more community and
environmental impacts to consider.  
 The Company held a town hall meeting in Nyngan on May 23, 2016,
to brief the community on project plans and impacts. The meeting was announced
in the local Nyngan Observer newspaper, and attended by local members of the
community, the town Council, and the Mayor. Discussion was encouraged and issues
raised were general in nature.  
 The EIS was accepted by the NSW Department of Planning and
Environment after an adequacy review, and the Company met with Department staff
on May 25th, for detailed discussions on details of the document and development
plans. After this formal departmental review meeting, the EIS was subsequently
placed on public exhibition on May 26th, for access by the public and other NSW
governmental agencies, for a period of 30 days.  
 The exhibition period was completed on Friday, June 24th. The
filing received relatively few comments, none that represent an issue with
development, and has been followed by further internal reviews and discussions
between the Company and various governmental agencies.  
 The Company intends to follow and support the progress of
governmental agency reviews in coming months.  
  ALCERECO MOU and Offtake Agreements   
 On March 30, 2015, the Company announced that it had signed a
memorandum of understanding ( MOU ) with ALCERECO Inc. of Kingston, Ontario
(ALCERECO ), forming a strategic alliance to develop markets and applications
for aluminum alloys containing scandium. To further that alliance, and to
reinforce the capability of both companies to deliver product developed for
Sc-Al alloy markets, Scandium International and ALCERECO also signed an offtake
agreement governing sales terms of scandium oxide product (scandia) produced
from the Nyngan Scandium Project. The offtake agreement specifies deliveries of
scandium oxide product commencing in 2017.  
 Scandium as an alloying agent in aluminum allows for aluminum
metal products that are much stronger, more easily weldable and exhibit improved
performance at higher temperatures than current aluminum based materials. This
means lighter structures, lower manufacturing costs and improved performance in
areas that aluminum alloys do not currently compete.    

The MOU covers areas of joint cooperation and development
      of aluminum alloys that contain and are enhanced by the addition of
      scandium,    

The MOU recognizes the specialized capabilities ALCERECO
      holds for the design, manufacture, and testing of Sc-Al alloy materials,

The offtake agreement outlines standard sale terms on
      7,500 kg of scandia per annum, for a term of three years beginning in
      2017, which can be extended, and    

The offtake agreement contains both fixed and variable
      pricing components, which are subject to confidentiality.

ALCERECO is an advanced materials development company that
provides services and specialty processing capabilities to companies innovating
in a diverse range of markets, including aerospace, automotive, electronics and
consumer/sporting goods. ALCERECO staff work with a range of materials and
processes and have the tools and knowledge to take on leading-edge projects such
as development of aluminum-scandium alloys, specialty ceramics, composites and
graphene enhanced materials. The company has a particular focus on lightweight
materials capable of delivering greater strength, functionality and exceptional
performance.  
 ALCERECO operates out of the Grafoid Global Technology Centre
in Kingston, Ontario that was originally founded by Alcan Aluminum in the 1940s.
ALCERECO is a Canadian private company, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Ottawa-based Grafoid Inc., a graphene application development company.  
  Nyngan Scandium Project - Planned Activities for 2016-2017
  
 The following steps are planned for Nyngan during the 2016 and
2017 Calendar years:  

Complete and file an EIS on the Nyngan Scandium Project
      in Q2 2016 (EIS was filed on April 29, 2016);    

Complete and file an advanced stage economic study (the
      DFS) with a +/- 15% accuracy level, in Q2 2016 (the report was filed on
      May 6, 2016 and is available on SEDAR);    

Make formal application for a mining lease (MLA)
      pertaining to the Nyngan Scandium Project with NSW Mines Department in Q3
      2016 (mining lease application was made on July 14, 2016);    

Pursue additional offtake agreements in support of
      planned future scandium sales;    

Seek and secure project financing to fund the
      construction of the Nyngan Scandium Project;    

Undertake final investment decision (FID) in Q1 2017,
      subject to concluded/approved financing arrangements and receipt of all
      required permits, licenses and the MLA,    

Commence site construction in 2017, and    

Initiate project commissioning in 2018.
    
  Other Properties Review   
  T rdal Scandium/REE Property (Norway)   
 During 2011, we entered into agreements with REE Mining AS of
Norway to obtain exploration rights to 90 sq km in Southern Norway, which we
call the T rdal scandium exploration property. 
 Exploration rights for the T rdal property include certain
minimum expenditure requirements. The Company intends to fulfill those minimum
expenditure requirements.  
  T rdal Property Location   
 The location of the T rdal exploration property is provided in
Figure 4 below.  

Figure 3. Location of the Tordal Exploration Property

2012 T rdal Field Exploration   
 On February 14, 2013, we announced promising results from field
exploration work on the T rdal property during the summer and fall months of
2012, focused on scandium-bearing pegmatites. The 2012 work included independent
assay results of pegmatite rock samples taken from one specific property area,
and also includes an extensive pegmatite mapping program covering approximately
30 sq km. The assay results indicated the presence of high levels of scandium
and various rare earth elements ( REEs ), including heavy rare earth elements
( HREEs ) in particular. Field XRF readings indicated elevated scandium content
in hundreds of large and small pegmatite bodies, found and mapped in the
reconnaissance area.  
 Highlights of the results of the 2012 field exploration are as
follows:  

T rdal 2012 assays of pegmatite rocks show
      presence of both scandium and REEs,   

Best scandium assays exceed 1,600 ppm,   

Promising HREE assay results from pegmatites
      with gadolinite mineralization,   

Host rock mineralization points to higher grade
      scandium or HREE contents,   

2012 summer exploration program mapped and
      sampled over 300 pegmatites,   

A total of 1,940 Niton XRF scandium readings
      were taken on whole rock samples, and   

Overall program results at T rdal are very
      encouraging and warrant expanded exploration.    
 SCY s mapping and sampling work has confirmed that much of the
T rdal property is heavily populated with complex, near-surface pegmatite
bodies. Based on hand-held XRF readings and mineralogy, these pegmatites show
excellent promise for significant scandium enrichment, particularly within
bodies containing micas, and for REE mineralization where the rare earth
silicate gadolinite is present. Based on the results of 2012 exploration work,
planning for future exploration work is warranted, subject to funding
constraints. 
 We are currently in the planning process for work during 2016
to meet the minimum funding requirements to hold the exploration rights.  

Honeybugle Scandium Property (NSW, Australia)   
 On April 2, 2014, the Company   announced that it had
secured a 100% interest in an exploration license (EL 7977) covering 34.7 square
kilometers in New South Wales, Australia. The license area, we call the
Honeybugle scandium exploration property, is located approximately 24 kilometers
west-southwest from the Company s Nyngan Scandium Project and approximately 36
kilometers southwest from the town of Nyngan, NSW. 
 Exploration rights for the Honeybugle property include certain
minimum expenditure requirements. The Company intends to fulfill those minimum
expenditure requirements.  
  Honeybugle Drill Results   
 On May 7, 2014, the Company announced completion of an initial
program of 30 air core ( AC ) drill holes on the property, specifically at the
Seaford anomaly, targeting scandium (Sc). Results on 13 of these holes are shown
in detail, in the table below. These holes suggest the potential for scandium
mineralization on the property similar to Nyngan.  

Highlights of initial drilling program results
      include the following: The highest 3-meter intercept graded 572 ppm
      scandium (hole EHAC 11),   

EHAC 11 also generated two additional high
      grade scandium intercepts, grading 510 ppm and 415 ppm, each over 3
      meters,   

The program identified a 13-hole cluster which
      was of particular interest; intercepts on these 13 holes averaged 270 ppm
      scandium over a total 273 meters, at an average continuous thickness of 21
      meters per hole, representing a total of 57% (354 meters) of total initial
      program drilling,   

The 13 holes produced 29 individual (3-meter)
      intercepts over 300 ppm, representing 31% of the mineralized intercepts in
      the 273 meters of interest, and   

This initial 30-hole AC exploratory drill
      program generated a total of 620 meters of scandium drill/assay results,
      over approximately 1 square kilometer on the property.
   
  Other Developments   Third Quarter 2015   
   None    [Note to legal: nothing to report, can we
delete this section?]   
  Operating results - Revenues and Expenses   
 The Company s results reflect lower operating costs as the
focus of business has turned to its scandium projects. 
  Summary of quarterly results   
 A summary of the Company s quarterly results are shown below at
Table 10.  

Table 10. Quarterly Results Summary   

Results of Operations for the three months ended September
30, 2016   
 The net loss attributable to Scandium for the quarter was
$333,031, a decrease of $170,506 from $503,537 during the same period of the
prior year. Details of the individual items contributing to the decreased net
loss are as follows: 

Q3 2016 vs. Q3 2015 -
      Variance Analysis    

Item   
      Variance   

Favourable /   
      Explanation    

(Unfavourable)   

Professional fees   
     $8,532  
     
       Lower fees in Q3 2016 are due to lower activity levels
      when compared to the same period one year ago when the Company was
      embarking on the preparation of a DFS for the Nyngan Scandium project.

Consulting   
     $7,433  
     
       In the comparable quarter of 2015 a one-time use of a
      consultant was incurred.    

Travel and entertainment   
     $1,435  
     
       Costs are relatively the same when compared to Q3 2015.

Amortization   
     $616  
     
       Certain assets are currently fully depreciated resulting
      in the lower amortization costs when compared to 2015.    

Insurance   
     $(1,217)  
     
       Higher policy premiums in 2016 resulted in this
      unfavourable variance.    

Foreign exchange gain   
     $(8,175)  
     
       The Company held very little amounts in foreign
      currencies in Q2 2016 resulting in minimum exposure to foreign exchange
      swings when compared to the same quarter one year ago.    

General and administrative   
     $(8,982)  
     
       General and administrative costs in the current quarter
      are higher when compared to one year ago are a result higher marketing and
      transfer agent fees.    

Salaries and benefits   
     $(32,035)  
     
       The company hired new staff at the end of Q2, 2016
      resulting in this unfavorable variance.     
  Results of Operations for the nine months ended September
30, 2016   
 The net loss attributable to Scandium for the nine-month period
was $1,910,245, an increase of $303,536 from $1,606,709 during the same period
of the prior year. Details of the individual items contributing to the increased
net loss are as follows: 

Nine months
      ending September 30, 2016 Vs. nine months ending September 30, 2015
       Variance Analyasis    

Item   
      Variance   

Favourable /   
      Explanation    

(Unfavourable)   

Exploration   
     $(578,827)  
     
       The Company has incurred increased costs in the current
      nine-month period with ongoing costs of the Nyngan Scandium Project
      development, and preparation of a DFS on that project.    

Stock-based compensation   
     $(58,238)  
     
       In the first nine months of 2016, the Company issued
      5,260,000 stock options with 95% vesting while in the same period one year
      ago, 5,350,000 stock option were granted but those grants were at a lower
      exercise price resulting in less expensing for the period under review.

Salaries and benefits   
     $(31,669)  
     
       The company hired new staff at the end of Q2, 2016
      resulting in this unfavorable variance.    

General and administrative   
     $(27,608)  
     
       The increased level of activity in the first nine months
      of 2016 has resulted in higher G A costs. In the comparable period of
      2015 activities were kept to a minimum until Q3 when the preparation of
      the DFS on the Nyngan Scandium project began.    

Insurance   
     $(13,201)  
     
       In Q1 2015, the Company received a refund with respect to
      an appeal of a worker s compensation audit. No similar refund was received
      in 2016.    

Travel and entertainment   
     $(10,343)  
     
       This unfavorable variance is due to travel to promote the
      Company to potential investors in as well as meetings in Australia to
      further the development of the Nyngan Scandium project.    

Professional fees   
     $(9,961)  
     
       Fees associated with the application of an R D credit
      in Australia have resulted in the negative variance when compared to one
      year ago.    

Amortization   
     $352  
     
       Year over year, amortization if fairly equal.    

Consulting   
     $2,500  
     
       In 2015 a one-time use of a consultant was incurred. No
      such charge was recognized in 2016.    

Foreign exchange gain   
     $5,426  
     
       There was very little foreign exchange exposure in the
      first nine months of 2016 as the Australian and Canadian dollar stabilized
      against the US dollar. One year ago the exchange rates were more volatile
      resulting in negative exposure.    

Costs allocable to non-controlling interest  
     $191,891  
     
       During August 2015 a $2,500,000 loan was converted into a
      20% interest in the Company s Australian properties. Upon recognition of
      the 20% holder, a portion of the operating loss is allocated to the
      minority interest partner.      

Nine months ending
      September 30, 2016 vs. nine months ending September 30, 2015 - 
        Variance Analysis     

Item   
      Variance   

Favourable /   
      Explanation    

(Unfavourable)   

Interest expense  
     $226,142  
     
       Interest expense reduction due to Company debt
      extinguishment with the conversion of that debt into a 20% stake in the
      Company s Australian projects in Q3 0f 2015.     
  Cash flow discussion for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015   
 The cash outflow for operating activities was $1,732,544, an
increase of $692,424 (September 30, 2015   $1,040,120), due to increased
activity levels as described in the variance analysis in addition to a decrease
in accounts payable during the period. Cash outflows from operations are net of
$79,346 received as a result of payments received under the Australian research
and development tax incentive program.  
 Cash outflows for investing activities were $3,157 (September
30, 2015   $Nil). In 2016, the Company purchased computer equipment. 
 Cash inflows from financing activities decreased by $1,775,885
to $Nil (September 30, 2015   $1,775,885), reflecting the issuance of shares and
the exercise of stock options in the nine months ended June 30, 2015.  
  Financial Position   
  Cash   
 The Company s cash position decreased during the nine-month
period by $1,735,701 to $513,975 (December 31, 2015 - $2,249,676) due primarily
to the payment of expenditures related to the commissioning of the definitive
feasibility study on the Nyngan Scandium Project. 
  Prepaid expenses and receivables   
 Prepaid expenses and accounts receivable decreased by $89,219
to $18,310 due to expensing of prepaid insurances and receipt of value added tax
refunds from Australia and Canada (December 31, 2015 - $107,529). 
  Equipment   
 Equipment consists of office furniture and computer equipment
at the Sparks, Nevada office. The increase of $634 to $3,245 (December 2015 -
$2,611) is due to the purchase of computer equipment which is partially offset
by amortization of net fixed assets. 

Mineral interests   
 
Mineral interests remained the same at  942,723.  
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities and accounts payable with related parties   
 
Accounts payable has decreased by  156,252 to  51,079 (December 2015    207,331) due to the winding down of activities related to the definitive feasibility study.  
 
 Capital Stock   
 
Capital stock remained the same at  91,142,335.  
 
Additional paid-in capital increased by  434,102 to  6,809,339 (December 31, 2015 -  6,375,237) as a result of expensing of stock options.  
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 
At September 30, 2016, the Company had working capital of  481,206, including cash of  513,975, as compared to working capital of  2,149,874, including cash of  2,249,676, at December 31, 2015. The Company intends to fund its working
capital and project development activities through the sales of equity, issuance of debt or sale of non-core assets.  
 
At September 30, 2016, the Company had a total of 20,896,500 stock options exercisable between CAD 0.07 and CAD 0.20 that have the potential upon exercise to generate a total of C 2,348,300 in cash over the next five years. There is no
assurance that these securities will be exercised.  
 
The Company s continued development is contingent upon its ability to raise sufficient financing both in the short and long term. There are no guarantees that additional sources of funding will be available to the Company. However, management
is committed to pursuing all possible sources of financing (internal and external) in order to execute its business plan. The Company continues its cost cutting measures to conserve cash to meet its operational obligations.      
 
 Outstanding share data   
 
At the date of this report, the Company has 225,047,200 issued and outstanding common shares and 21,820,000 stock options currently outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of CAD 0.11.  
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements   
 
At September 30, 2016, the Company had no material off-balance sheet arrangements such as guarantee contracts, contingent interest in assets transferred to an entity, derivative instruments obligations or any obligations that trigger financing,
liquidity, market or credit risk to the Company. 
 
 Transactions with related parties   
 
During the 9-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company expensed  334,129 for stock-based compensation for stock options issued to Company directors.  During the 9-month period ended September 30, 2015, the Company expensed  235,972
for stock-based compensation for stock options issued to Company directors.  
 
During the 9-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company paid a consulting fee of  76,500 to one of its directors. During the 9-month period ended September 30, 2015, the Company paid a consulting fee of  79,000 to one of its
directors. 

Accounts payable to related parties at September 30, 2016 were
$Nil (2015 - $11,009).  
  Proposed Transactions   
 There are no proposed transactions outstanding other than as
disclosed.  
  Critical Accounting Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting policies requires management of the Company to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based on
past experience, industry trends and known commitments and events. By their
nature, these estimates are subject to measurement uncertainty and the effects
on the financial statements of changes in such estimates in future periods could
be significant. Actual results will likely differ from those estimates.  
  Stock-based compensation  
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to
calculate the fair value of stock options and compensatory warrants granted.
This model is subject to various assumptions. The assumptions the Company makes
will likely change from time to time. At the time the fair value is determined;
the methodology the Company uses is based on historical information, as well as
anticipated future events. The assumptions with the greatest impact on fair
value are those for estimated stock volatility and for the expected life of the
instrument. 
  Future income taxes  
 The Company accounts for tax consequences of the differences in
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases using tax
rates expected to apply when these temporary differences are expected to be
settled. When the future realization of income tax assets does not meet the test
of being more likely than not to occur, a valuation allowance in the amount of
the potential future benefit is taken and no future income tax asset is
recognized. The Company has taken a valuation allowance against all such
potential tax assets.  
  Mineral properties and exploration and development costs
  
 The Company capitalizes the costs of acquiring mineral rights
at the date of acquisition. After acquisition, various factors can affect the
recoverability of the capitalized costs. The Company s recoverability evaluation
of our mineral properties and equipment is based on market conditions for
minerals, underlying mineral resources associated with the assets and future
costs that may be required for ultimate realization through mining operations or
by sale. The Company is in an industry that is exposed to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including exploration risk, development risk, commodity price
risk, operating risk, ownership and political risk, funding and currency risk,
as well as environmental risk. Bearing these risks in mind, the Company has
assumed recent world commodity prices will be achievable. The Company has
considered the mineral resource reports by independent engineers on the Nyngan
Scandium Project in considering the recoverability of the carrying costs of the
mineral properties. All of these assumptions are potentially subject to change,
out of our control, however such changes are not determinable. Accordingly,
there is always the potential for a material adjustment to the value assigned to
mineral properties and equipment.    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 Accounting Standards Update 2016-09   Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting. This accounting pronouncement, which goes into effect December 16,
2016, addresses the simplification of several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on
the statement of cash flows. The Company is reviewing this update to determine
the impact it will have on its financial statements.  

Accounting Standards Update 2016-02-Leases (Topic 842). This accounting pronouncement allows lessees to make an accounting policy election to not recognize a lease asset and liability for leases with a term of 12 months or less and do not have a
purchase option that is expected to be exercised. This standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will
have on its financial statements.  
 
Accounting Standards Update 2016-01   Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. This accounting pronouncement, which goes into effect December 12, 2017,
is far reaching and covers several presentation areas dealing with measurement, impairment, assumptions used in estimating fair value and several other areas.  The Company is reviewing this update to determine the impact it may have on its financial
statements.  
 
Accounting Standards Update 2015-17   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.  This accounting pronouncement requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified
statement of financial position. Currently deferred tax liabilities and assets must be presented as current and noncurrent. The policy is effective December 16, 2016. The Company is evaluating this guidance and believes it will have little impact on
the presentation of its financial statements.  
 
Accounting Standards Update 2015-02 - Consolidation (Topic 810) - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. This update provides guidance with respect to the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate
certain types of legal entities. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company has adopted this standard
which has little impact on the presentation of its financial statements.  
 Accounting Standards Update 2015-01 - Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20). The Company has adopted this standard. 
 
Accounting Standards Update 2014-15   Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).  This accounting pronouncement provides guidance in GAAP about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is
substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. In doing so, the amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The policy is
effective December 15, 2016.  The Company is evaluating this guidance and believes it will have little impact on the presentation of its financial statements.  
 
 Financial instruments and other risks   
 
The Company s financial instruments consist of cash, receivables, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, accounts payable with related parties.  It is management's opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency
or credit risks arising from its financial instruments. The fair values of these financial instruments approximate their carrying values unless otherwise noted. The Company has its cash primarily in two commercial banks, one in Vancouver, British
Columbia, Canada and in one in Chicago, Illinois.  

Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   
 
This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contain certain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include but are not limited to those with respect to the prices of metals, the
estimation of mineral resources and reserves, the realization of mineral reserve estimates, the timing and amount of estimated future production, costs of production, capital expenditures, costs and timing of the development of new deposits, success
of exploration activities, permitting time lines, currency fluctuations, requirements for additional capital, Government regulation of mining operations, environmental risks, unanticipated reclamation expenses, title disputes or claims and
limitations on insurance coverage and the timing and possible outcome of pending litigation. In certain cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as  plans ,  expects  or  does not
expect ,  is expected ,  estimates ,  intends ,  anticipates  or  does not anticipate , or  believes  or variations of such words and phrases, or statements that certain
actions, events or results  may ,  could ,  would , or  will  be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause
the actual results, performance or achievements of Scandium International to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include,
among others, the actual results of current exploration activities, conclusions or economic evaluations, changes in project parameters as plans continue to be refined, possible variations in grade and or recovery rates, failure of plant, equipment
or processes to operate as anticipated, accidents, labor disputes or other risks of the mining industry, delays in obtaining government approvals or financing or incompletion of development or construction activities, risks relating to the
integration of acquisitions, to international operations, and to the prices of metals. While Scandium International has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those
described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual
results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Scandium International expressly disclaims any intention or obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 
Not applicable.  
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
 
 Disclosure controls and procedures   
 
The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate disclosure controls and procedures. The Company s management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company has maintained effective disclosure controls and procedures in all material respects, including those necessary to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
reports filed or submitted with the SEC (i) is recorded, processed, and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decision regarding required disclosure.  
  Changes in Internal Control   
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over
financial reporting.  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Date: November 7, 2016   

SCANDIUM INTERNATIONAL MINING
      CORP.    

(Registrant)   

By:  
      
           /s/ George Putnam   

George Putnam   

Principal Executive Officer   

By:  
      
         /s/ Edward Dickinson   

Edward Dickinson   

Principal Financial Officer

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Scandium International Mining Corp.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

I, George Putnam, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
      the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Scandium International
      Mining Corp.   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the
      circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
      respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

a)  
     
       designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      the annual report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting; and     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
      functions):     

a)  
     
       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.     

Date:  
     November 9, 2016  
     By:  
      /s/ George Putnam   

George Putnam   

Principal Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Scandium International Mining Corp.: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

I, Edward Dickinson, certify that:  

1.  
     
       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for
      the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Scandium International
      Mining Corp.   

2.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
      untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
      necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the
      circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
      respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
     
       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
      other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
      material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
      flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;   

4.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
      responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
      procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
      internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
  have:     

a)  
     
       designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
      caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
      supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
      registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
      by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
      the annual report is being prepared;   

b)  
     
       designed such internal control over financial reporting,
      or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
      under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
      reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
      statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
      accounting principles;   

c)  
     
       evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
      disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
      conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
      procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
      such evaluation; and   

d)  
     
       disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
      internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
      registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
      quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
      is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal
      control over financial reporting;     

5.  
     
       The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
      disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
      financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
      of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
      function):     

a)  
     
       all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
      the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
      are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
      record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
     
       any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
      management or other employees who have a significant role in the
      registrant s control over financial reporting.     

Date:  
     November 9, 2016  
     By:  
      /s/ Edward Dickinson   

Edward Dickinson   

Principal Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Scandium International Mining Corp.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Scandium
International Mining Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report"), the undersigned, in the capacities and
on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to his knowledge:  

1.  
     
       The Report fully complies with the requirements of
      Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
  and   

2.  
     
       The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company.     

Dated:  
     November 9, 2016  
      
       /s/ George Putnam   

George Putnam   

Principal Executive Officer

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Scandium International Mining Corp.: Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Scandium
International Mining Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2016 (the "Report"), the undersigned, in the capacities and
on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that
to his knowledge:  

1.  
     
       The Report fully complies with the requirements of
      Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
  and   

2.  
     
       The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
      in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
      operations of the Company.     

Dated:  
     November 9, 2016  
          /s/ Edward Dickinson   

Edward Dickinson   

Principal Financial Officer

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 scy-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 scy-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 scy-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 scy-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 scy-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 scy-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

