<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1270436_0001270436-16-000028_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19532969</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>235532</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>559305</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7057670</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7558619</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2961504</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>59</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001270436-16-000028.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102124253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001270436-16-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001270436
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS & FLOTATION COMPANIES [6211]
		IRS NUMBER:				161685692
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32026
		FILM NUMBER:		161966911

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CIRA CENTRE, 2929 ARCH STREET
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104-2870
		BUSINESS PHONE:		215-701-9555

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CIRA CENTRE, 2929 ARCH STREET
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19104-2870

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COHEN & Co INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091216

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALESCO FINANCIAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUNSET FINANCIAL RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001270436-16-000028.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 ifmi-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

20160930 10Q Q3_Taxonomy2016

/    

UNITED STATES  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended   September   30  , 2016 

or    

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from                      to                       

Commission File Number: 001-32026  

INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (215) 701-9555  

Not applicable 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or fo  r such shorter period that the r  egistrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.             Yes           No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or fo  r such shorter period that the r  egistrant was required to submit and post such files).           Yes           No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).           Yes           No  

As of   October 28  , 2016     there   were   12,089,182   shares   of common   stock ($0.001 par value per share) of Institutional Financial Markets, Inc. outstanding.    

INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC.    

FORM 10-Q  

INDEX TO QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

September   30  , 2016 

Page     

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)     

6  

Consolidated Balance Sheets   September   30  , 2016   and December 31,   2015   

6  

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) Three   and Nine     Months Ended   September   30  , 201  6   and 201  5   

7  

Consolidated Statement   of Changes in Equity   Nine   Months Ended   September   30  , 201  6     

8  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Nine     Months Ended   September   30  , 201  6   and 201  5     

9  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)     

10  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

46  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk     

69  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures   

71  

Part II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.    

Legal Proceedings     

72  

Item 1A.    

Risk Factors     

72  

Item 2.    

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

73  

Item 6.    

Exhibits     

74  

Signatures        

75  

2   

Table Of Contents  

Forward-  Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Sec  urities Act of 1933, as amended     or   the  Securities Act  ,      and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange A  ct of 1934, as amended     or the Exchange Act  . Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   intend,   could,   should,   would,   may,   seek,   plan,   might,   will,   expect,   anticipate,   predict,   project,   forecast,   potential,   continue,  negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future, and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties  ,   and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance  ,   or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  

These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about the following subjects:  

benefits, results, cost     reductions and synergies resulting from the Company s business combinations;      

integration of operations;      

business strategies;      

growth opportunities;      

competitive position;      

market outlook;      

expected financial position;      

expected results of operations;      

future cash flows;      

financing plans;      

plans and objectives of management;      

tax treatment of the business combinations;      

returns on principal investments;      

fair value of assets; and      

any other statements regarding future growth, future cash needs, future   operations, business plans,   future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts.      

These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions  ,   and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties  ,   and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties  ,   and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You should consider the areas of risk and uncertainty described above and discussed under  Item 1A   Risk Factors  included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 201  5  . Actual results may differ materially as a result of various factors, some of which are outside our control, including the following: 

a decline in general economic conditions or the global financial markets;     

l  osses caused by financial or other problems experienced by third parties;     

losses due to unidentified or unanticipated risks;     

losses (whether realized or unrealized) on our principal investments, including on our collateralized loan obligation investments;     

a lack of liquidity, i.e., ready access to   funds for use in our businesses,     including the availability of securities financing from our clearing agency;     

the ability to attract and retain personnel;     

the ability to meet regulatory capital requirements administered by federal agencies;     

an inability to generate incremental income from acquired businesses;     

unanticipated market closures due to inclement weather or other disasters;     

the volume of trading in securities;     

the liquidity in capital markets;     

the credit-worthiness of our correspondents, trading counterparties  ,   and our banking and margin customers;     

the demand for investment banking services   in Europe  ;     

competitive conditions in each of our business segments;     

the availability of borrowing  s   under credit lines, credit agreements  ,   and credit facilities;       

3   

Table Of Contents  

the potential misconduct or errors by our employees or by entities with whom we conduct business; and     

the potential for litigation and other regulatory liability.     

You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances  ,   or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

4   

Table Of Contents  

Certain Terms Used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless otherwise noted or as the context otherwise requires:      IFMI      refers to Institutional Financial Markets, Inc., a Maryland corporation. The      Company  ,     we  ,     us  ,    and      our      refer to IFMI and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis;    IFMI, LLC      (formerly Cohen Brothers, LLC)     or the      Operating LLC      refer to IFMI, LLC   the main operating subsidiary of the Company;      Cohen Brothers      refers to the pre-merger Cohen Brothers, LLC and its subsidiaries;      AFN      refers to the pre-merger Alesco Financial Inc. and its subsidiaries;      Merger Agreement    refers to the Agreeme  nt and Plan of Merger among AFN  ,     Alesco Financial Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of AFN, which we refer to as the      Merger Sub  ,  and Cohen Brothers, dated as of February 20, 2009 and amended on June 1, 2009, August 20, 2009, and September 30, 2009;      Merger    refers to the December 16, 2009 closing of the merger of Merger Sub with and into Cohen Brothers pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, which resulted in Cohen Brothers becoming a majority owned subsidiary of the Company.   When the term  IFMI  is used, it is referring to the parent company itself, Institutional Financial Markets, Inc.     JVB Holdings  refers to JVB Financial Holdings, L.L.C.;  JVB  refers to J  VB   Financial Group, LLC, a broker dealer subsidiary;  CCFL  refers to Cohen   Company Financial Limited (formerly known as EuroDekania Management LTD), a subsidiary regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (formerly known as the Financial Services Authority) in the United Kingdom;    EuroDekania  refers to EuroDekania (Cayman) Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company that is externally managed by CCFL. 

Securities Act       refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and    Exchange Act    refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or    U.S. GAAP  ,  the Merger was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, Cohen Brothers was deemed to be the accounting acquirer and all of AFN s assets and liabilities were required to be revalued at fair value as of the acquisition date. Therefore, any financial information reported herein prior to the Merger is the historical financial information of Cohen Brothers  .        As used throughout this filing, the terms, the  Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to the operations of Cohen Brothers and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to December 17, 2009 and the combined operations of the merged company and its consolidated subsidiaries from December 17, 2009 forward. AFN refers to the historical operations of Alesco Financial Inc. through to December 16, 2009, the date of the Merger, or the    Merger Date  .  

5   

Table Of Contents  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  

INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

6   

Table Of Contents  

INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME / (LOSS)  

(Dollars in Thousands, except share or per share information)  

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

7   

Table Of Contents  

INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC. 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

8   

Table Of Contents  

INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

(Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

9   

Table Of Contents  

INSTITUTIONAL FINANCIAL MARKETS, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

(Dollars in Thousands, except share or per share information) 

(Unaudited)  

1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS  

The Formation Transaction  

Cohen   Brothers, LLC ( Cohen Brothers   ) was formed on October 7, 2004 by Cohen Bros. Financial, LLC ( CBF ). Cohen Brothers was established to acquire the net assets of CBF s subsidiaries (the  Formation Transaction ): Cohen Bros.   Company, Inc.; Cohen Fr res SAS; Dekania Investors, LLC; Emporia Capital Management, LLC; and the majority interest in Cohen Bros.   Toroian Investment Management, Inc. The Formation Transaction was accomplished through a series of transactions occurring between March 4, 2005 and May 31, 2005.  

The Company  

From its formation until December 16, 2009, Cohen Brothers operated as a privately owned limited liability company. On December 16, 2009, Cohen Brothers completed its merger (the  Merger ) with a subsidiary of Alesco Financial Inc. ( AFN )  ,   a publicly traded real estate investment trust.  

As a result of the Merger, AFN contributed substantially all of its assets into Cohen Brothers in exchange for newly issued membership units directly from Cohen Brothers. In addition, AFN received additional Cohen Brothers membership interests directly from its members in exchange for AFN common stock. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ), the Merger was accounted for as a reverse acquisition, and Cohen Brothers was deemed to be the accounting acquirer. As a result, all of AFN s assets and liabilities were required to be revalued at fair value as of the acquisition date. The remaining membership interests of Cohen Brothers that were not held by AFN were included as a component of non-controlling interest in the consolidated balance sheet.  

Subsequent to the Merger, AFN was renamed Cohen   Company Inc. In January 2011, it was renamed again as Institutional Financial Markets, Inc. ( IFMI ). Effective January 1, 2010, the Company ceased to qualify as a real estate investment trust, or a REIT. The Company trades on the NYSE MKT LLC (formerly known as the NYSE Amex LLC) under the ticker symbol  IFMI.  The Company is a financial services company specializing in fixed income markets. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $3.80   billion in assets under management ( AUM ) of which   95.0%  ,    or   $3.61   billion  ,   was in collateralized debt obligations ( CDOs ).  

In these financial statements, the    Company    refers to IFMI and its subsi  diaries on a consolidated basis.    IFMI, LLC  (formerly Cohen Brothers, LLC) or the      Operating LLC    refers to the main operating subsidiary of the Company.     Cohen Brothers    refers to the pre-Merger Cohen Brothers, LLC and its subsidiaries  .    AFN  refers to the pre-merger Alesco Financial Inc. and its subsidiaries. When the term  IFMI  is used, it is referring to the parent company itself, Institutional Financial Markets, Inc.    JVB Holdings    refers to J  .  V  .  B  .   Financial Holdings, L.L.C.    JVB    refers to J  .  V  .  B  .   Financial Group   LLC, a broker dealer subsidiary.      CCFL    refers to Cohen   Company Financial Limited (formerly known as EuroDekania Management LTD), a subsidiary regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (formerly known as Financial Services A  uthority) in the United Kingdom.    EuroDekania  refers to EuroDekania (Cayman) Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company that is externally managed by CCFL. 

The Company s business is organized into the following three business segments.  

Capital Markets  : The Company s Capital Markets business segment consists primarily of f  ixed income sales, trading,   matched book repo financing  , new issue placements in corporate and securitized products, and advisory services. The Company s fixed income sales and trading group provides trade execution to corporate investors, institutional investors, mortgage originators, and other smaller broker-dealers. The Company specializes in a variety of products, including but not limited to: corporate bonds, asset backed securities ( ABS ),   mortgage backed securities (   MBS ), residential mortgage backed securities ( RMBS ), CDOs, collateralized loan obligations ( CLOs ), collateralized bond obligations ( CBOs ), collateralized mortgage obligations ( CMOs ), municipal securities, to-be-announced securities ( TBAs ) and other forward agency MBS contracts, Small Business Administration ( SBA ) loans, U.S. government bonds, U.S. government agency securities, brokered deposits and   certificates of deposit (   CDs   )   for small banks, and hybrid capital of financial institutions including trust preferred securities ( TruPS ), whole loans, and other structured financial instruments. The Company also offers execution and brokerage services for equity products. The Company carries out its capital market activities primarily through its subsidiaries: JVB in the United State  s and CCFL in Europe. See note 4   regarding the potential sale of European operations.   

Principal Investing  :    The Company s   Principal Investing business segment is comprised of investments that   the Company has   made using   its own   capital excluding investments   the Company makes   to support our Capital Markets business segment.  These investments are a component of our other investments, at fair value in our consolidated balance sheet.    

10   

Table Of Contents  

Asset Management  : The Company s Asset Management business segment manages assets within CDOs, permanent capital vehicles, managed accounts, and investment funds (collectively referred to as  Investment Vehicles ). A CDO is a form of secured borrowing. The borrowing is secured by different types of fixed income assets such as corporate or mortgage loans or bonds. The borrowing is in the form of a securitization, which means that the lenders are actually investing in notes backed by the assets. In the event of default, the lenders will have recourse only to the assets securing the loan. The Company s Asset Management business segment includes its fee-based asset management operations  ,   which include ongoing base and incentive management fees.  

The Company generates its revenue by business segment primarily through the following activities. 

Capital Markets  

Trading activities of the Company, which include execution and brokerage services, securities lending activities, riskless trading activities as well as gains and losses (unrealized and realized) and income and expense earned on securities and derivatives classified as trading; and     

New issue and advisory revenue comprised primarily of (i) new issue revenue associated with originating, arranging, and placing newly created financial instruments; and (ii) revenue from advisory services.     

Principal Investing  

Gains and losses (unrealized and realized) and income and expense earned on securities classified as other investments, at fair value.     

Asset Management  

Asset management fees for the Company s on-going asset management services provided to certain Investment Vehicles, which may include fees both senior and subordinate to the securities in the Investment Vehicles, and incentive management fees earned based on the performance of the various Investment Vehicles.     

2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The financial statements of the Company included herein were prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The information furnished includes all adjustments and accruals of a normal recurring nature, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of results for the interim month periods. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The results for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire year or any subsequent interim period. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   

Capitalized terms used herein without definition have the meanings ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   

Certain other prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.   

3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

A. Adoption of New Accounting Standards  

In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-08  , Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity ( ASU 2014-08 )  , which changes the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and requires additional disclosures about discontinued operations.  The guidance in this ASU raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. Under the new provisions, only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations   that is or will have a major effect on an entity s operations and financial results should be presented as a discontinued operation.  The new provisions also require new disclosures related to individually material disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation, an entity s continuing involvement with a discontinued operation following the disposal date and retained equity method investments in a discontinued operation.  The Company s adoption of the provisions of ASU 2014-08 effective January 1, 2015 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.    

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-11,   Transfers and Servicing (Topic 860):     Repurchase to Maturity Transactions, Repurchase Financings, and Disclosures,   which changes the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions that are repurchase agreements where the maturity of the security transferred as collateral matches the maturity of the repurchase agreement. According to the new guidance, all repurchase-to-maturity transactions will be accounted for as secured borrowing transactions in the  

11   

Table Of Contents  

same way as other repurchase agreements rather than as sales of a financial asset and forward commitment to repurchase.  The amendments also change the accounting for repurchase financing arrangements that are transactions involving the transfer of a financial asset to a counterparty executed contemporaneously with a reverse repurchase agreement with the same counter  party.  A  ll repurchase financings will now be accounted for separately, which will result in secured lending accounting for the reverse repurchase agreement.  The guidance also requires new disclosures about transfers that are accounted for as sales in transactions that are economically similar to repurchase agreements and increased transparency about the types of collateral pledged in repurchase agreements and similar transactions accounted for as secured borrowings. The Company s ado  ption of the provisions of   ASU   2014-11   effective January 1, 2015 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.   See note 9.    

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide that a Performance Target could be Achieved After the Requisite Service Period  , which requires a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be accounted for as a performance condition rather than as a non-vesting condition that affects the grant-date fair value of the award.   The Company s adoption of the provisions of ASU 2014-12 effective January 1, 2016 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-13,   Measuring the Financial Assets and the Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated Collateralized Financing Entity  , which provides a measurement alternative for an entity that consolidates collateralized financing entities.  A collateralized financing entity is a variable interest entity with nominal or no equity that holds financial assets and issues beneficial interests in those financial assets.  The beneficial interests, which are financial liabilities of the collateralized financing entity, have contractual recourse only to the related assets of the collateralized financing entity. If elected, the alternative method results in the reporting entity measuring both the financial assets and financial liabilities of the collateralized financing entity using the more observable of the two fair value measurements, which effectively removes measurement differences between the financial assets and financial liabilities of the collateralized financing entity previously recorded as net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling and other beneficial interests and as an adjustment to appropriated retained earnings. The reporting entity continues to measure its own beneficial interests in the collateralized financing entity (other than those that represent compensation for services) at fair value.  The Company s adoption of the provisions of ASU 2014-1  3   effective January 1, 2016 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  

In   November 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-16,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815)  :    Determining whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share is More Akin to Debt or to Equity,   which   clarifies that an entity must consider all relevant terms and features when evaluating the nature of the host contract. Additionally, the amendments state that no one term or feature would define the host contract s economic characteristics and risks. Instead, the economic characteristics and risks of the hybrid financial instrument as a whole would determine the nature of the host contract.   The Company s adoption   of the provisions of ASU 2014-16   effective January 1, 2016 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  

In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,   Income Statement   Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20), Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items  , which eliminates from U.S. GAAP the requirement of extraordinary items to be separately classified on the income statement.    If an event meets the   criter  ia for extraordinary classification  , the item should be shown separately in the income statement, net of tax.  The amendments in this ASU also require applicable income taxes and earnings per share to be disclose.    The Company s adoption of the provisions of ASU 2015-01 effective Januar  y 1, 2016 did not have an effect   on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810)       Amendments to the Consolidation     Analysis,   which makes targeted amendments to the current consolidation guidance and ends the deferral granted to investment companies from applying the   variable interest entity (   VIE   )   guidance.  The revised consolidation guidance, among other things, (i) modifies the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are VIEs or voting interest entities, (ii) eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership, and (iii) modifies the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs through fee arrangements and related party  relationships.  The Company s adoption of the provisions of ASU 2015-02 effective January 1, 2016 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the Company previously treated its management contracts with certain securitizat  ion entities that are VIEs as   variable interest  s  .  Therefore, the Company disclosed certain information related to these interests in its variable interest entity footnote.  Upon adoption of this ASU, these management contracts are not considered variable interests.  Therefore, in cases where the Company s   only interest in certain VIEs i  s its management contract, the Company is no longer required to include certain disclosures related to those variable interest entities. See note 11. 

12   

Table Of Contents  

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Simplifying the     Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  , which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts.  The recognition and measurement for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update.  Upon adoption of the provisions of ASU 2015-03 effective January 1, 2016, the Company reclassified   it  s   deferred financing costs as of December 31, 2015.  This resulted in a reduction in other assets of   $410   and a reduction in debt of   $410   in the Company s consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015.  

In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-07,   Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820)   Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent)  .  Reporting entities are permitted to use net asset value ( NAV ) as a practical expedient to measure the fair value of certain inves  tments.  Previously  , investments that use the NAV practical expedi  ent to measure fair value were   categorized within the fair value hierarchy as level 2 or level 3 investments depending on their redemption attributes, which has led to diver  sity in practice.  This ASU   remove  s   the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments that use the NAV practical expedient for fair value meas  urement purposes.  The ASU    remove  s   the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the NAV practical expedient.  Rather, those disclosures are limited to investments for which the entity has elected to measure the fair value using that practical e  xpedient.     The Company s adoption of ASU 2015-07 effective January 1, 2016 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  However, as a result of this adoption, the Company no longer classifies its investment in EuroDekania (for which it uses the practical expedient) within the fair value hierarchy.  See note 7.   

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic 805), Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  , which includes amendments that eliminate the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments following a business combination.  The new guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment (including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified.  The prior period impact of the adjustment should be either presented separately on the face of the income statement or disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.  The Company s adoption of the provisions of ASU 2015-16 effective January 1, 2016 did not have an effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  

B. Recent Accounting Developments 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ,   which replaces existing revenue recognition guidance in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition.  The core principle of this ASU is to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.   Subsequently, the FASB issued a series of modifying ASUs that do not change the core principle of the guidance stated in ASU 2014-09.    The modifying ASUs include:   ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus     Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net),   ASU 2016-10  , Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  ,    ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):        Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.     The Company must adopt the amendments in ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10  ,   and ASU 2016-12 with the adoption of ASU 2014-09.  The effective date for all of the amendments in these ASUs  is for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period as amended by ASU 2015-14  ,     Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (Topic 606):    Deferral of the Effective Date  .    Early application is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10)  .  The   amendments in ASU 2016-0  1, among other things:  require   equity   inve  stments   (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income;   require public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; require separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and for  m of financial asset; and eliminate   the require  ment   for public business entitie  s   to disclose the methods  (s)   and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair   value   that is required to be disclosed for financial ins  t  ruments measured at amortized cost.   The   amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these amendments on the presentation in its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842).     Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases with the exception of short-term leases:  (i) a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (ii) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term.  Lessor accounting is largely  

13   

Table Of Contents  

unchanged.  Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  The ASU is effective for entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal year  s  .  Early application is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the impact it may have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815):        Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments.    This ASU clarifies what steps are required when assessing whether the economic characteristics and risks of call (put) options are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of their debt hosts, which is one of the criteria for bifurcating an embedded derivative. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted and if adopted on an interim period, any adjustments must be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period. The Company is currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the impact it may have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  .  This     ASU eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity   method accounting  .       If an entity   has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting it should recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method  .     This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and should be applied prospectively upon the effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence that result.  Early adoption is permitted.    The Company is currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the impact it may have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .  This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including:  (i) income tax consequences; (ii) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (iii) classification on the statement of cash flows.  The effective date for this ASU is for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  .     The amendments   in this ASU   require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date   to be   based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The amendments in this   ASU   are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash     Receipts and Cash Payments  .  The amendments in   this AS  U provide cash flow statement classification guidance on eight specific cash flow presentation issu  es with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice.  This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017  ,   and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early application is permitted  ,   including adoption in an interim period.  The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

C  . Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments. These determinations were based on available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. Considerable judgment is required to interpret market data to develop the estimates and, therefore, these estimates may not necessarily be indicative of the amount the Company could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. Refer to note 7 for a discussion of the fair value hierarchy with   respect to investments-trading;   other investments, at fair value  ;   and   derivatives held by the Company.    

14   

Table Of Contents  

Cash   E  quivalents  : Cash   equivalents are   carried at historical cost, which is assumed to approximate fair value. The estimated fair value measurement of cash equivalents is classified within level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.  

Investments-trading  : These amounts are carried at fair value. The fair value is based on either quoted market prices of an active exchange, independent broker market quotations, market price quotations from third party pricing services, or valuation models when quotations are not available. See note 7 for disclosures about the categorization of the fair value measurements of inve  stments-trading within the   fair value hierarchy.  

Other investments, at fair value  : These amounts are carried at fair value. The fair value is based on quoted market prices of an active exchange, independent broker market quotations, or valuation models when quotations are not available. In the case of investments in alternative investment funds, fair value is generally based on the reported net asset value of the underlying fund. See note 7 for disclosures concerning the categorization of the fair value measurements of other investments, at fair value within the three level fair value hierarchy.  

Receivables under resale agreements  : Receivables under resale agreements are carried at their contracted resale price, have short-term maturities, and are repriced frequently or bear market interest rates and, accordingly, these contracts are at amounts that approximate fair value. The estimated fair value measurements of receivables under resale agreements are based on observations of actual market activity and are generally classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  

Trading securities sold, not yet purchased  : These amounts are carried at fair value. The fair value is based on quoted market prices of an active exchange, independent market quotations, market price quotations from third party pricing services, or valuation models when quotations are not available. See note 7 for disclosures concerning the categorization of the fair value measurements of trading securities sold, not yet purchased within the three level fair value hierarchy.  

Securities sold under agreement to repurchase  : The liabilities for securities sold under agreement to repurchase are carried at their contracted repurchase price, have short-term maturities, and are repriced frequently with amounts normally due in   one   month or less and, accordingly, these contracts are at amounts that approximate fair value. The estimated fair value measurements of securities sold under agreement to repurchase are based on observations of actual market activity and are generally classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  

Debt  : These amounts are carried at outstanding principal less unamortized discount   and deferred financing costs  . However, a substantial portion of the debt was assumed in the Merger and recorded at fair value as of that date. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of the Company s debt was estimated to   be   $34,684   and   $35,200  , respectively. The estimated fair value measurements of the debt are generally based on discounted cash flow models prepared by the Company s management primarily using discount rates for similar instruments issued to companies with similar credit risks to the Company and are generally classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  

Derivatives  : These amounts are carried at fair value. Derivatives may be included as a component of investments-trading; trading securities sold, not yet purchased; and other investments, at fair value. See notes 7 and 8. The fair value is generally based on quoted market prices on an exchange that is deemed to be active for derivative instruments such as foreign currency forward contracts   and Eurodollar futures.  For   other   derivative instruments  , the fair value is generally based on market price quotations from third party pricing services. See note 7 for disclosures concerning the categorization of the fair value measurements within the three level fair value hierarchy.  

4. DISPOSITIONS 

Sale of European Operations  - Update 

Although the Company believes that, given the passage of time, there is a very low probability of   this transaction   closing in the future, given the   potential   value to the Company of the proposed transaction if it   were to close and based on   C Co Europe Acquisition LLC s indication that it continues to evaluate its options, the Company has decided not to exercise its right to terminate the transaction at this time.  The Company will continue to evaluate   the probability   of closing and its right to terminate the transaction  .    

15   

Table Of Contents  

5. RECEIVABLES FROM AND PAYABLES TO BROKERS, DEALERS  ,   AND CLEARING AGENCIES  

Amounts receivable from brokers, dealers, and clearing agencies consisted of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   

Amounts payable to brokers, dealers, and clearing agencies consisted of the following at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   

Deposits with clearing agencies represent contractual amounts the Company is required to deposit with its clearing agents.    

Securities transactions that settle in the regular way are recorded on the trade date, as if they had settled. The related amounts receivable and payable for unsettled securities transactions are recorded net in receivables from or payables to brokers, dealers, and clearing agencies on the Company s consolidated   balance   sheet.  

Receivables from clearing agencies are primarily comprised of cash received by the Company upon execution of short trades that is restricted from withdrawal by the clearing agency.  

Margin payable represents borrowings from clearing agencies to finance the Company s trading inventory.  Effectively, all of the Company s trading assets and deposits with clearing agencies serve as collateral for the margin payable.  These assets are held by the Company s clearing agency.  The Company incurre  d interest on margin   payable of   $450     and   $436   for the nine   months   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively,   $171   and   $156   for the three months ended September   30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. 

16   

Table Of Contents  

6. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

Investments Trading  

The following table provides detail of the investments classified as investments-trading as of the periods indicated.  

Trading Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased  

The following table provides detail of the trading securities sold, not yet purchased as of the periods indicated.  

The Company tries to manage its exposure to changes in interest rates for the interest rate sensitive securities it holds by entering into offsetting short positions for similar fixed rate securities.  

The Company included the   net   change in unrealized gains (losses)   of investments   trading and trading securities sold, not yet purchased   in the amount of $  1,262   and $  700   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, in net trading revenue in the Company s consolidated statements of operations.  

17   

Table Of Contents  

Other Investments, at fair value  

The following table  s provide   detail of the investments included within other investments, at fair value.  

7. FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES  

Fair Value Option  

The Company has elected to account for certain of its other financial assets at fair value under the fair value option provisions of FASB   Accounting Standards Codification (   ASC   )   825. The primary reason for electing the fair value option, when it first became available in 2008, was to reduce the burden of monitoring the differences between the cost and the fair value of the Company s investments, previously classified as available for sale securities, including the assessment as to whether the declines are temporary in nature and to further remove an element of management judgment. In addition, the election was made for certain investments that were previously required to be accounted for under the equity method because their fair value measurements were readily obtainable.  

Such financial assets accounted for at fair value include:  

securities that would otherwise qualify for available for sale treatment;      

investments in equity method affiliates where the affiliate has all of the attributes in FASB ASC 946-10-15-2 (commonly referred to as investment companies); and      

investments in residential loans.      

The changes in fair value (realized and unrealized gains and losses) of these instruments for which the Company has elected the fair value option are recorded in principal transactions and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. All of the investments for which the Company has elected the fair value option are included as a component of other investments, at fair value in  

18   

Table Of Contents  

the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized net gains (losses)   of $   (287)   and   $(1,576)   related   to changes in fair value of investments that are included as a component of other investments, at fair value during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The Company recognized net   gains (losses) of   $281     and   $(1,222)   related   to   changes in fair value of investments that are included as a component of other investments, at fair value during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Fair Value Measurements  

In accordance with FASB ASC 820, the Company has categorized its financial instruments, based on the priority of the inputs to the valuation technique, into a three level fair value hierarchy. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurement). The three levels of the hierarchy under FASB ASC 820 are described below. 

Level  1    Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities.  

Level  2    Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on one or more of the following:  

1. 

Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;      

2. 

Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets;      

3. 

Pricing models whose inputs, other than quoted prices, are observable for substantially the   full term of the asset or    liability; or      

4. 

Pricing models whose inputs are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data through   correlation or other means for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.      

Level 3    Financial assets and liabilities whose values are based on prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. These inputs reflect management s own assumptions about the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.  

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.  

Both observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine the fair value of positions that the Company has classified within the level 3 category. As a result, the unrealized gains and losses for assets and liabilities within the level 3 category presented in the tables below may include changes in fair value that were attributable to both observable (e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable (e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities) inputs.  

A review of the fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the type of inputs may result in a reclassification for certain financial assets or liabilities.  There were   no   transfers between level 1 and level   2   of the fair value hierarchy during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016     and   2015  .    Reclassifications impacting level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are reported as transfers in or transfers out of the level 3 category as of the beginning of the quarter in which reclassifications occur.  

19   

Table Of Contents  

The following table  s present   information about the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine such fair value.  

(1)    Hybrid Securities Fund European.  

20   

Table Of Contents  

(1)    Hybrid Securities Fund European.  

(2)    Diversified Holding Company. 

21   

Table Of Contents  

The following provides a brief description of the types of financial instruments the Company   holds  ;   the methodology for estimat  ing fair value;   and the level within the hierarchy of the estimate. The discussion that follows applies regardless of whether the instrument is included in investments-trading; other investments, at fair value; or trading securities sold, not yet purchased.  

U.S. Government Agency MBS and CMOs  : These are securities that are generally traded over-the-counter. The Company generally values these securities using third party quotations such as unadjusted broker-dealer quoted prices or market price quotations from third party pricing services. These valuations are based on a market approach. This is considered a level 2 valuation in the hierarchy.  

U.S. Government Agency Debt Securities  : Callable and non-callable U.S. government agency debt securities are measured primarily based on quoted market prices obtained from third party pricing services. Non-callable U.S. government agency debt securities are generally classified within level 1 and callable U.S. government agency debt securities are classified within level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.  

RMBS and CMBS  : The Company generally values these securities using third party quotations such as unadjusted broker-dealer quoted prices or market price quotations from third party pricing services. These valuations are based on a market approach. The Company generally classifies the fair value of these securities based on third party quotations within level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.  

U.S. Treasury Securities  : U.S. Treasury securities include U.S. Treasury bonds and notes and the fair values of the U.S. Treasury securities are based on   quoted prices or market activity   in active markets. Valuation adjustments are not applied. The Company classifies the fair value of these securities within level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.  

CLOs, CDOs, and ABS  : CLOs, CDOs, and ABS are interests in securitizations. ABS may include, but are not limited to, securities backed by auto loans, credit card receivables, or student loans. Where the Company is able to obtain independent market quotations from at least two broker-dealers and where a price within the range of at least two broker-dealers is used or market price quotations from third party pricing services is used, these interests in securitizations will generally be classified as level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. These valuations are based on a market approach. The independent market quotations from broker-dealers are generally nonbinding. The Company seeks quotations from broker-dealers that historically have actively traded, monitored, issued, and been knowledgeable about the interests in securitizations. The Company generally believes that to the extent that it (1)  receives two quotations in a similar range from broker-dealers knowledgeable about these interests in securitizations, and (2)  believes the broker-dealers gather and utilize observable market information such as new issue activity in the primary market, trading activity in the secondary market, credit spreads versus historical levels, bid-ask spreads, and price consensus among market participants and sources, then classification as level 2 of the valuation hierarchy is appropriate. In the absence of two broker-dealer market quotations, a single broker-dealer market quotation may be used without corroboration of the quote in which case the Company generally classifies the fair value within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 

If quotations are unavailable, prices observed by the Company for recently executed market transactions may be used or valuation models prepared by the Company s management may be used, which are based on an income approach. These models prepared by the Company s management include estimates, and the valuations derived from them could differ materially from amounts realizable in an open market exchange. Each CLO and CDO position is evaluated independently taking into consideration available comparable market levels, underlying collateral performance and pricing, deal structures, and liquidity.  Fair values based on internal valuation models prepared by the Company s management are generally classified within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.   

Establishing fair value is inherently subjective (given the volatile and sometimes illiquid markets for certain interests in securitizations) and requires management to make a number of assumptions, including assumptions about the future of interest rates, discount rates, and the timing of cash flows. The assumptions the Company applies are specific to each security. Although the Company may rely on internal calculations to compute the fair value of certain interest in securitizations, the Company requests and considers indications of fair value from third party pricing services to assist in the valuation process.  

SBA Loans  : SBA loans include loans and SBA interest only strips.  In the case of loans, the Company generally values these securities using third party quotations such as unadjusted broker-dealer quoted prices, internal valuation models using observable inputs, or market price quotations from third party pricing services. The Company generally classifies these investments within level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. These valuations are based on a market approach. SBA interest only strips do not trade in an active market with readily available prices. Accordingly, the Company generally uses valuation models to determine fair value and classifies the fair value of the SBA interest only strips within level 2 or  level 3 of the valuation hierarchy depending on if the model inputs are observable or not.   

Corporate Bonds and Redeemable Preferred Stock  : The Company uses recently executed transactions or third party quotations from independent pricing services to arrive at the fair value of its   investments in corporate bonds   and redeemable preferred stock. These valuations are based on a market approach. The Company generally classifies the fair value of these bonds within level 2 of the  

22   

Table Of Contents  

valuation hierarchy. In instances where the fair values of securities are based on quoted prices in active markets (for example with redeemable preferred stock), the Company classifies the fair value of these securities within level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.  

Municipal Bonds  : Municipal bonds, which include obligations of U.S. states, municipalities, and political subdivisions, primarily include bonds or notes issued by U.S. municipalities. The Company generally values these securities using third party quotations such as market price quotations from third party pricing services. The Company generally classifies the fair value of these bonds within level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. The valuations are based on a market approach. In instances where the Company is unable to obtain reliable market price quotations from third party pricing services, the Company will use its own internal valuation models. In these cases, the Company will classify such securities as level 3 within the hierarchy until it is able to obtain third party pricing.  

Exchange Traded Funds  : Exchange traded funds are investment funds that trade in active markets, similar to public company stocks and are included with equity securities in t  he tables above. The fair value   of exchange traded fund  s is   based on quoted prices in active markets. Valuation adjustments are not applied. The Company classifies the fair value of these securities within level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.  

Equity Securities  : The fair value of equity securities that represent investments in publicly traded companies (common or preferred shares, options, warrants, a  nd other equity investments) is   determined using the closing price of the security as of the reporting date. These are securities that are traded on a recognized liquid exchange. This is considered a level 1 value in the valuation hierarchy. 

In some cases, the Company has owned options or warrants in newly publicly traded companies when the option or warrant itself is not publicly traded. In those cases, the Company used an internal valuation model and classified the investment within level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. The non-exchange traded equity options and warrants were measured using the Black-Scholes model with key inputs impacting the valuation including the underlying security price, implied volatility, dividend yield, interest rate curve, strike price, and maturity date. Once the securities underlying the options or warrants (not the options or warrants themselves) have quoted prices available in an active market, the Company attributes a value to the warrants using the Black-Scholes model based on the respective price of the options or warrants and the quoted prices of the securities underlying the options or warrants and key observable inputs. In this case, the Company will generally classify the options or warrants as level 2 within the valuation hierarchy because the inputs to the valuation model are now observable. If the option or warrant itself begins to trade on a liquid exchange, the Company will discontinue using a valuation model and will begin to use the public exchange price at which point it will be classified as level 1 in the valuation hierarchy.  

Other equity securities represent investments in investment funds and other non-publicly traded entities. Substantially all of these other entities have the attributes of investment companies as described in FASB ASC 946-15-2. The Company estimates the fair value of these entities using the reported net asset value per share as of the reporting date in accordance with the  practical expedient  provisions related to investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (or its equivalent) included in FASB ASC 820 for all entities. The Company   do  e  s not classify these investments within the fair value hierarchy  .   

Residential Loans  : Management utilizes home price indices or market indications to value the residential loans. These are considered level 2 in the hierarchy. 

Certificates of Deposit  : The fair value of certificates of deposit is estimated using valuations provided by third party pricing services. Certificates of deposit are generally categorized in level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.  

Derivatives 

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 

Foreign currency forward contracts are exchange-traded derivatives, which transact on an exchange that is deemed to be active.  The fair value of the foreign currency forward contracts is based on current quoted market prices.  Valuation adjustments are not applied.  These are considered a level 1 value in the hierarchy. See note 8. 

TBAs and Other Forward Agency MBS   C  ontracts 

The Company generally values these securities using third party quotations such as unadjusted broker-dealer quoted prices or market price quotations from third party pricing services. TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts are generally classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. If there is limited transaction activity or less transparency to observe market based inputs to valuation models, TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts are classified in level 3 of the fair value hie  rarchy.    Unrealized gains on TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts are included in investments-trading on the Company s consolidated balance sheets and unrealized losses on TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts are included in trading securities sold, not yet purchased on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. See note 8.  

23   

Table Of Contents  

Other Extended Settlement Trades 

When the Company buys or sells a financial instrument that will not settle in the regular time frame, the Company will account for that purchase and sale on the settlement date rather than the trade date.  In those cases, the Company accounts for the transaction between trade date and settlement date as a derivative (as either a purchase commitment or sale commitment). The Company will record an unrealized gain or unrealized loss on the derivative for the difference between the fair value of the underlying financial instrument as of the reporting date and the agreed upon transaction price.  The Company will determine the fair value of the financial instrument using the methodologies described above. 

Level 3 Financial Assets and Liabilities  

Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  

The following tables present additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for which the Company has utilized level 3 inputs to determine fair value. 

(1) 

Represents the change in unrealized gains and losses for the period included in earnings for assets held at the end of the reporting period.      

(2) 

Recorded as a component of principal transactions and other income in the consolidated statement of operations.     

24   

Table Of Contents  

(1) 

Represents the change in unrealized gains and losses for the period included in earnings for assets held at the end of the reporting period.      

(2) 

Recorded as a component of principal transactions and other income in the consolidated statement of operations.     

(1) 

Represents the change in unrealized gains and losses for the period included in earnings for assets held at the end of the reporting period.      

(2) 

Recorded as a component of principal transactions and other income in the consolidated statement of operations     

(1) 

Represents the change in unrealized gains and losses for the period included in earnings for assets held at the end of the reporting period.      

(2) 

Recorded as a component of principal transactions and other income in the consolidated statement of operations     

The circumstances that would result in transferring certain financial instruments from level 2 to level 3 of the valuation hierarchy would typically include what the Company believes to be a decrease in the availability, utility, and reliability of observable market information such as new issue activity in the primary market, trading activity in the secondary market, credit spreads versus historical levels, bid-ask spreads, and price consensus among market participants and sources.  

During the   nine     and three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there were   no   transfers into or out of level 3 of the valuation hierarchy.   

The following tables provide the quantitative information about level 3 fair value measurements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

25   

Table Of Contents  

Sensitivity of Fair Value to Changes in Significant Unobservable Inputs  

For recurring fair value measurements categorized within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the sensitivity of the fair value measurement to changes in significant unobservable inputs and interrelationships between those unobservable inputs (if any) are   described below. 

CLOs  :    The Company uses a discounted cash flow model to determine the fair value of its investments in CLOs.  Changes in the yield, duration, and default rate assumptions would impact the fair value determined.  The longer the duration, the lower the fair value of the investment.  The higher the yield, the lower the fair value of the investment.  The higher the default rate, the lower the fair value of the investment.       

Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value Per Share (or its Equivalent)  

The following table presents additional information about investments in certain entities that calculate net asset value per share (regardless of whether the  practical expedient  provisions of FASB ASC 820 have been applied), which are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

26   

Table Of Contents  

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF INVESTMENTS IN CERTAIN ENTITIES  

THAT CALCULATE NET ASSET VALUE PER SHARE (OR ITS EQUIVALENT)  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Fair Value September 30, 2016  

Unfunded Commitments  

Redemption Frequency  

Redemption Notice Period  

Other investments, at fair value  

EuroDekania (a)  

$  
				 
				 1,241 

N/A  

N/A  

N/A  

$  
				 
				 1,241 

Fair Value December 31, 2015  

Unfunded Commitments  

Redemption Frequency  

Redemption Notice Period  

Other investments, at fair value  

EuroDekania (a)  

$  
				 
				 2,502 

N/A  

N/A  

N/A  

$  
				 
				 2,502 

N/A      Not applicable.   EuroDekania does not offer redemptions and investors in EuroDekania have no commitments to make additional investments. 

(a)      EuroDekania owns   investments in hybrid capital securities that have attributes of debt and equity, primarily in the form of subordinated debt issued by insurance companies, banks  ,   and bank holding companies based primarily in Western Europe; widely syndicated leveraged loans issued by European corporations; CMBS, including subordinated interests in first mortgage real estate loans; and RMBS and other ABS backed by consumer and commercial receivables. The majority of the assets are denominated in Euros and U.K. Pounds Sterling. The fair value of the investment in this category has been estimated using the NAV per share of the investment in accordance with the  practical expedient  provisions of FASB ASC 820.  

8. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

FASB ASC 815,   Derivatives and Hedging   ( FASB ASC 815 ), provides for optional hedge accounting. When a derivative is deemed to be a hedge and certain documentation and effectiveness testing requirements are met, reporting entities are allowed to record all or a portion of the change in the fair value of a designated hedge as an adjustment to other comprehensive income ( OCI ) rather than as a gain or loss in the statements of operations. To date, the Company has not designated any derivatives as hedges under the provisions included in FASB ASC 815.  

Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value. If the derivative was entered into as part of the Company s broker-dealer operations, it will be included as a component of investments-trading or trading securities sold, not yet purchased. If it is entered into to hedge for another financial instrument included in other investments, at fair value then the derivative will be included as a component of other investments, at fair value.  

The Company may, from time to time, enter into derivatives to manage its risk exposures arising from (i) fluctuations in foreign currency rates with respect to the Company s investments in foreign currency denominated investments; (ii) the Company s investments in interest sensitive investments; and (iii) the Company s facilitation of mortgage-backed trading. Derivatives entered into by the Company, from time to time, may include (i) foreign currency forward contracts; (ii) purchase and sale agreements of TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts; and (iii) other extended settlement trades.  

TBAs are forward contracts to purchase or sell MBS whose collateral remain  to be announced  until just prior to the trade settlement. In addition to TBAs, the Company sometimes enters into forward purchases or sales of agency MBS where the underlying collateral has been identified.  These transactions are referred to as other forward agency MBS contracts.   TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts are accounted for as derivatives by the Company under FASB ASC 815.  The settlement of these transactions is not expected to have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

In addition to TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts as part of the Company s broker-dealer operations, the Company may from time to time enter into other securities or loan trades that do not settle within the normal securities settlement period. In those cases, the purchase or sale of the security or loan is not recorded until the settlement date.   However, from the trade date until the settlement date, the Company s interest in the security is accounted for as a derivative as either a forward purchase commitment or forward sale commitment. 

27   

Table Of Contents  

Derivatives involve varying degrees of off-balance sheet risk, whereby changes in the level or volatility of interest rates or market values of the underlying financial instruments may result in changes in the value of a particular financial instrument in excess of its carrying amount. Depending on the Company s investment strategy, realized and unrealized gains and losses are recognized in principal transactions and other income or in net trading in the Company s consolidated statements of operations on a trade date basis.  

The Company may, from time to time, enter into the following derivative instruments.  

Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 

The Company invests in foreign currency denominated investments that expose it to fluctuations in foreign currency rates, and, therefore, the Company may, from time to time, hedge such exposure by using foreign currency forward contracts.  The Company carries the foreign currency forward contracts at fair value and includes them as a component of other investments, at fair value in the Company s consolidated balance sheets.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts with a notional amount of 1.625 million Euros and 2.750 million Euros, respectively. 

EuroDollar Futures 

The Company invests in floating rate investments that expose it to fluctuations in interest rates and, therefore, the Company may, from time to time, hedge such exposure using EuroDollar futures.  The Company carries such EuroDollar future contracts at fair value and includes them as a component of investments-trading or trading securities sold, not yet purchased in the Company s consolidated balance sheets.   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had no outstanding EuroDollar future contracts. 

TBAs and Other Forward Agency MBS Contracts 

The Company enters into TBAs and other forward agency MBS transactions for three main reasons. 

(i) 

The Company trades U.S. government agency obligations.  In connection with these activities, the Company may be required to maintain inventory in order to facilitate customer transactions.  In order to mitigate exposure to market risk, the Company may enter into the purchase and sale of TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts.     

(ii) 

The Company also enters into TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts in order to assist clients (generally small to mid-size mortgage loan originators) in hedging the interest rate risk associated with the mortgages owned by these clients.     

(iii) 

Finally, the Company may enter into TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts on a speculative basis.     

The Company carries the TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts at fair value and includes them as a component of investments-trading or trading securities sold, not yet purchased in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. At September 30, 2016, the Company had open TBA and other forward MBS purchase agreements in the notional amount of $1,390,865 and open TBA and other forward MBS sale agreements in the notional amount of $1,390,865. At December 31, 2015, the Company had open TBA and other forward agency MBS purchase agreements in the notional amount of $699,460 and open TBA sale agreements in the notional amount of $677,450.    

Other Extended Settlement Trades 

When the Company buys or sells a financial instrument that will not settle in the regular time frame, the Company will account for that purchase and sale on the settlement date rather than the trade date.  In those cases, the Company accounts for the transaction between trade date and settlement date as a derivative as either a forward purchase commitment or a forward sale commitment.  The Company will record an unrealized gain or unrealized loss on the derivative for the difference between the fair value of the underlying financial instrument as of the reporting date and the agreed upon transaction price. At September 30, 2016, the Company had open forward purchase commitments of $12,477 and open forward sale commitments of $0.  At December 31, 2015, the Company had open forward purchase commitments of $3,075 and open forward sale commitments of $0. 

28   

Table Of Contents  

The following table presents the Company s derivative financial instruments and the amount and location of the fair value (unrealized gain / (loss)) recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS-BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Derivative Financial Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Under FASB ASC 815  

Balance Sheet Classification  

September 30, 2016  

December 31, 2015  

TBAs and other forward agency MBS  

Investments-trading  

$  
				 
				 5,744 

$  
				 
				 1,158 

Foreign currency forward contracts  

Other investments, at fair value  

3 

(4)

TBAs and other forward agency MBS  

Trading securities sold, not yet purchased  

(4,655)

(1,181)

$  
				 
				 1,092 

$  
				 
				 (27)

The following table presents the Company s derivative financial instruments and the amount and location of the net gain (loss) recognized in the consolidated statement of operations.  

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS-STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS INFORMATION  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Derivative Financial Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Under FASB ASC 815  

Income Statement Classification  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Foreign currency forward contracts  

Revenue-principal transactions and other income  

$  
				 
				 (83)

$  
				 
				 286 

Other extended settlement trades  

Revenue-net trading  

(3)

2 

TBAs and other forward agency MBS  

Revenue-net trading  

6,286 

4,158 

$  
				 
				 6,200 

$  
				 
				 4,446 

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS-STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS INFORMATION  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Derivative Financial Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Under FASB ASC 815  

Income Statement Classification  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Foreign currency forward contracts  

Revenue-principal transactions and other income  

$  
				 
				 (30)

$  
				 
				 (2)

Other extended settlement trades  

Revenue-net trading  

(3)

(26)

TBAs and other forward agency MBS  

Revenue-net trading  

2,075 

1,115 

$  
				 
				 2,042 

$  
				 
				 1,087 

9. COLLATERALIZED SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS  

Reverse repurchase agreements and   r  epurchase agreements, principally   collateralized by   U.S. government and federal agency obligations and MBS, are treated as collateralized financing transactions and are recorded at their contracted resale or repurchase amounts plus accrued interest. The resulting interest income and expense are included in net trading in the consolidated statements of operations.  

29   

Table Of Contents  

In the normal course of doing business, the Company enters into reverse repurchase agreements that permit it to re-pledge or resell the securities to others.  

The Company enters into reverse repurchase agreements as part of its matched book repo financing business, to acquire securities to cover short positions, or as an investment. The Company enters into repurchase agreements as part of its matched book repo financing business   or   to finance the Company s securities positions held in inventory.  

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company held reverse   repurchase agreements of $  288,286   and $  128,011  , respectively, and the fair value of securities received as collateral under reverse repurchase agreements was $  303,372   and $  137,232  , respectively.    As of September   30, 2016  ,   the reverse repurchase agreement balance was comprised o  f receivables   collateralized by   seven     securities with a single counterparty.  As of December 31, 2015, the reverse repurchase agreement balance was com  prised o  f receivables collateralized by   three   securities   with a single counterparty.   

At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, the Company had repurchase agreements of $  302,800   and $  127,913  , respectively, and the fair value of securities pledged as collateral under repurchase agreements was $  318,092   and $  137,232  , respectively. These amounts include collateral for reverse repurchase agreements that were re-pledged as collateral for repurchase agreements.    

The following table is a summary of the remaining contractual maturity of the gross obligations under repurchase agreements accounted for as secured borrowings segregated by the underlying collateral pledged. 

30   

Table Of Contents  

10. OTHER ASSETS AND ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND OTHER LIABILITIES  

The following table provides information about other assets as of the dates indicated. 

The following table provides information about a  ccounts payable and other liabilities   as of the dates indicated.    

11.  VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 

As a general matter, a reporting entity must consolidate a   VIE   when it is deemed to be the primary beneficiary.  The primary beneficiary is the entity that has both (a) the power to direct the matters that most significantly impact the VIE     s financial performance and (b) a significant variable interest in the VIE.  For the reporting periods present  ed herein, the Company   has   determined   that   it   is   not   the primary beneficiary of, and therefore   has not   consolidated, a VIE.     

The Company is involved with VIEs in three main ways  :   (i) as part of the Company s principal investing portfolio; (ii) as part of the Company s asset management activities; and (iii) within the Company s trading portfolio. 

The Company s Principal Investing Portfolio 

For each investment made within the principal investing portfolio, the Company assesses whether the investee is a VIE and if the Company is the primary beneficiary.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had variable interests in various securitization VIEs, but determined that it was not the primary beneficiary, and, therefore, was not consolidating the securitization VIEs.  The maximum potential financ  ial statement loss the Company w  ould incur if the securitization vehicles were to defaul  t on all of their obligations would be   the loss of value of the interests in securitizations that the Company holds in its inventory a  t the time.  The Company did not provide   financial support to these VIEs during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and had   no    

31   

Table Of Contents  

liabilities, contingent liabilities, or guarantees (implicit or explicit) related to these VIEs at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

The Company s Asset Management Activities 

For each investment management contract entered into by the Company, the Company assesses whether the entity being managed is a VIE and if the Company is the primary beneficiary.  The Company serves as collateral asset manager to certain securitizations   that   are VIEs.  Under the current guidance of ASU 2015-02, the Company has concluded that its asset management cont  racts should not be considered   variable interest  s  .  Currently, the Company has no other interests in entities it manages that are considered variable interests.  Therefor  e,   the Company is not the primary beneficiary of any securitizations   that   it manages. 

The Company s Trading Portfolio 

From time to time, the Company may have an interest in a VIE through the investments it makes as part of its trading activities.  Because of the high volume of trading activity the Company experiences, the Company does not perform a formal assessment of each individual investment within its trading portfolio to determine if t  he investee is a VIE and   if the Company is a primary beneficiary.  Even if the Company were to obtain a variable interest in a VIE through its trading portfolio, the Company would not be deemed to be the primary beneficiary for two main reasons: (a) the Company does not   usually   obtain the power to direct activities that most significantly impact any i  nvestee s financial performance    and (b) a scope exception exists within the consolidation guidance for cases where the reporting   entity is a broker-  dealer and any control (either as the primary beneficiary of a VIE or through a controlling interest i  n a voting interest entity) was   deemed to be temporary.  In the extremely unlikely case that the Company somehow obtained the power to direct and a significant variab  le interest in   an investee in its trading portfolio that was a VIE, any such control would be temporary due to the rapid turnover within the trading portfolio.   

The following table presents the carrying amounts of the assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets that relate t  o the Company s variable intere  st  s   in identified VIEs with the exception of (i) the two trust VIEs that hold the Company s junior subordinated notes (see note 12) and (ii) any security that represents an interest in a VIE that is included in investments-trading or securities sold but not yet purchased in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The table below shows the Company s maximum exposure to loss associated with these identified nonconsolidated VIEs in which it holds variable interests at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

32   

Table Of Contents  

12. DEBT  

The Company had the following debt outstanding   as of the dates indicated.    

(1)    The holders of the 8.0% Convertible Notes may convert all or any part of the outstanding principal amount of the 8.0% Convertible Notes at any time prior to maturity into shares of   the Company s Common Stock   at a conversion price of   $3.00   per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 

(2)    The junior subordinated notes listed represent debt the Company owes to the   two   trusts noted   above. The total par amount ow  ed by the Company to the trusts is   $49,614  .  However, the Company owns the common stock of the trusts in a total par amount   of   $1,489  .  The Company pays interest (and at maturity, principal) to the trusts on the entire $49,614 junio  r notes outstanding.  T  he Company receives back from the trusts the pro rata share of interest and principal on the common stock   the Company holds   of $1,489.  Accordingly, the Company shows the net par value not held by it of $48,125 in the table above.  These trusts are VIEs   and the Company does not consolidate them even though the Company holds common stock.  The Company carries the common stock on its balance sheet at a value of   $0  .   

(3)    Represents the interest rate in effect as of the last day of the reporting period.   

Refer to note 17 to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, for a discussion of the Company s debt  .   

13. EQUITY 

Stockholders  Equity  

Common Equity  : The following table reflects the activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the number of shares of unrestricted Common Stock that the Company had issued  . 

Acquisition and Surrender of Additional Units of the Operating LLC, net  : Effective January 1, 2011, IFMI and the Operating LLC entered into a Unit Issuance and Surrender Agreement (the  UIS Agreement ), which was approved by IFMI s board of directors and the board of managers of the Operating LLC. In an effort to maintain a   1:1   ratio of Common Stock to the number of membership units IFMI holds in the Operating LLC, the UIS Agreement calls for the issuance of additional membership units of the Operating  

33   

Table Of Contents  

LLC to IFMI when IFMI issues its Common Stock to employees under existing equity compensation plans. In certain cases, the UIS   Agreement calls for IFMI to surrender units to the Operating LLC when certain restricted shares are forfeited by the employee or repurchased.  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, IFMI received and surrendered units of the Operating LLC. The following table displays the amount of units received (net of surrenders) by IFMI.  

The Company recognized a net decrease in additional paid in capital of    $552   and a net increase in accumulated other comprehensive income of   $49   with an offsetting increase in non-controlling interest of   $503   in connection with the acquisition and surrender of additional units of the Operating LLC. The following schedule presents the effects of changes in IFMI s ownership interest in the Operating LLC on the equity attributable to IFMI for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Repurchases of Common Stock 

On March 17, 2016, the Company entered into a letter agreement (the  10b5-1 Plan   ) with Sandler O Neill   Partners, L.P. ( Agent ).  Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, Agent agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to purchase, on the Company s behalf, up to   $1,000   of the shares of Common Stock   on any day that the NYSE MKT is open for business.  Purchases made under the 10b5-1 Plan commenced on March 17, 2016 and will end no later than December 15, 2016.  Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, purchases of Common Stock may be made in public and private transactions and must comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act.  The 10b5-1 Plan is designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 

The 10b5-1 Plan was entered into in connection with the Company s existing repurchase plan, as previously disclosed in the Company s periodic reports, which permits the Company to repurchase shares of Common Stock from time to time in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company repurchased   214,480   shares in the open market (both pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan and prior to the Plan being in effect) for a total purchase price of   $201  .  During the three months ended September 30, 2016,   the Company   repurchased   80,400   shares for a total purchase price of   $79  . 

In addition, on March 21, 2016, the Company (i) repurchased   650,000   shares of Common Stock, from an unrelated third-party in a privately negotiated transaction for an aggregate purchase price of   $813  , which represents a per share price of   $1.25  , and (ii) repurchased an aggregate of   1,044,000   shares of Common Stock from an investment manager representing certain stockholders that are unrelated to the Company in a separate privately negotiated transaction for an aggregate purchase price of   $1,305  , which represents a per share price of   $1.25  .  The Company repurchased all of these shares of Common Stock using cash on hand.    

Rights Agreement 

On August 3, 2016, the Company   entered into a Section 382 Rights Agreement (the  Rights Agreement ) between the   Company and Computershare, Inc  . The Company s   b  oard of   d  irectors adopted the Rights Agreement in an effort to protect stockholder value by attempting to protect against a possible limitation on the Company s ability to use its net operating loss and net capital loss carry forwards  to reduce potential future federal income tax obligations.   

The Rights Agreement provides for a distribution of one preferred stock purchase right  for each share of the Company s   Common Stock  , par value   $0.001   per share  , outstanding to stockholders of record at the close of business on August 15, 2016.  Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company a unit consisting of one   ten  -thousandth of a share of the Company s  

34   

Table Of Contents  

Series C Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, at a Purchase Price of   $100.00   per Unit  subject to adjustment.  

The rights will become exercisable following (i) the   10th   day after a public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has acquired beneficial ownership of   4.95%   or more of the Company s   Common Stock   or (ii) the 10  th     business day following the commencement of a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group having ownership of 4.95% or more of the Company s   Common Stock  .   

The   r  ights   have   no voting privileges and   the Rights Agreement   will expire on the earliest of (i) the close of business on December 31,     2019  ,    (ii) the time at which the rights are redeemed pursuant to the Rights Agreemen  t, (iii) the time at which the r  ights are exchanged pursuant to the Rights Agreement, (iv) the repeal of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code or any succ  essor statute if the Company s b  oard of   d  irectors determines that the Rights Agreement is no longer necessary or desirable for the preservation of certain tax benefits, and (v) the beginning of the taxable year of the Company to which the Company s Board of Directors determines that certain tax benefits may not be carried forward.  

No   rights were exercisable at September 30, 2016. There was no impact to the Company s financial results as a result of the a  doption of the Rights Agreement  . The terms and the conditions of the rights are set forth in the Section 382 Rights Agreement filed on Form 8-A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2016. 

14  . NET CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS  

JVB is subject to the net capital provision of Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act, which requires the maintenance of minimum net capital, as defined therein.  

As of   September   30, 2016  , JVB s adjusted net capital was $  38,220  , which exceeded the minimum requirements by   $37,970  .   

CCFL, a subsidiary of the Company regulated by the   United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the    FCA   )  , is subject to the net liquid capital provision of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, GENPRU 2.140R to 2.1.57R, relating to financial prudence with regards to the European Investment Services Directive and the European Capital Adequacy Directive, which requires the maintenance of minimum liquid capital, as defined therein. As of   September   30, 2016  , the total minimum required net liquid capital was $  532  , an  d net liquid capital in CCFL was      $801  , which exceeded the minimum requirements by $  269   and was in compliance with the net liquid capital provisions.  See note 4.       

35   

Table Of Contents  

15  . EARNINGS / (Loss) PER COMMON SHARE  

The following table presents a reconciliation of basic and diluted earnings / (loss) per common share for the periods indicated.  

(1)    The Operating LLC membership units not held by IFMI (that is, those held by the non-controlling interest for the   nine     months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ) may be redeemed and exchanged into shares of the Company on a   one  -to-one basis. The Operating LLC membership units not held by IFMI are redeemable at each IFMI  member s option, at any time, for (i) cash in an amount equal to the average of the per share closing prices of   Common Stock   for the   ten   consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date the Company receives the member s redemption notice, or (ii) at the Company s option, one share of   Common Stock  , subject, in each case, to appropriate adjustment upon the occurrence of an issuance of additional shares of   Common Stock   as a dividend or other distribution on the   outstanding     C  ommon   S  tock, or a further subdivision or combination of the outstanding shares of   Common Stock  . These membership units enter into the computation of diluted net income / (loss) per common share when the effect is not anti-dilutive using the if-converted method.  

(2)    An adjustment is included for the following reasons: (i) if the Operating LLC membership units had been converted at the beginning of the period, the Company would have incurred a higher income tax expense or realized a higher inc  ome tax benefit, as applicable   and (ii) to adjust the non-controlling interest amount to be consistent with the weighted average share calculation.  

(3)    For the   nine   months ended     2016   and      2015  , weighted average common shares outstanding excludes a total of     0   and      5,406   shares,   respectively   representing restricted Operating LLC membership units, restricted   Common Stock  , and restricted units of   Common Stock   that would be anti-dilutive because of the Company s net loss.  For the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and      2015  , weighted average common shares outstanding excludes a total of     0   and      11,838   shares  ,    respectively,   representing restricted Operating LLC membership units, restricted   Common Stock  , and restricted      units of   Common Stock   that would be anti-dilutive because of the Company s net loss  .    For the   nine        and three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,  weighted average common shares outstanding also excludes   2,749,167   shares from the assumed conversion of the   8.0%   Convertibles Notes because the inclusion of the converted shares would be anti-dilutive.  

16. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings  

In October 2013, the Company received a Pennsylvania corporate net income tax assessment from the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue in the amount of   $4,683   (including penalties) plus interest related to a subsidiary of AFN for the 2009 tax year.  The assessment denied this subsidiary s Keystone Opportunity Zone ( KOZ ) credit for that year.  The Company filed an administrative appeal of this assessment with the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue Board of Appeals, which was denied in June  

36   

Table Of Contents  

2014.  The Company filed an appeal with the Pennsylvania Board of Finance and Revenue, which was also denied in May 2015.  The Company has filed an appeal with the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court.  The Company has evaluated the assessment in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740 and determined not to record any reserve for this assessment.   

In addition to the matters set forth above, the Company is a party to various routine legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries arising out of the ordinary course of the Company s business. Management believes that the results of these routine legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, or on the Company s operations and cash flows. However, the Company cannot estimate the legal fees and expenses to be incurred in connection with these routine matters and, therefore, is unable to determine whether these future legal fees and expenses will have a material impact on the Company s operations and cash flows. It is the Company s policy to expense legal and other fees as incurred.  

17. SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION  

Segment Information  

The Company operates within   three   business segments: Capital Markets, Principal Investing  ,   and Asset Management. See note 1.  

The Company s business segment information was prepared using the following methodologies and generally represents the information that is relied upon by management in its decision making processes:  

(a) Revenues and expenses directly associated with each business segment are included in determining net income / (loss) by segment;   and 

(b) Indirect expenses (such as general and administrative expenses including executive and indirect overhead costs) not directly associated with specific business segments are not allocated to the business segments  statements of operations.  

Accordingly, the Company presents segment information consistent with internal management reporting. See note (1) in the table below for more detail on unallocated items. The following tables present the financial information for the Company s segments for the periods indicated.  

37   

Table Of Contents  

38   

Table Of Contents  

(1) 

Unallocated includes certain expenses incurred by indirect overhead and support departments (such as the executive, finance, legal, information technology, human resources, risk, compliance, and other similar overhead and support departments). Some of the items not allocated include: (1) operating expenses (such as cash compensation and benefits, equity-based compensation expense, professional fees, travel and entertainment, consulting fees, and rent) related to support departments excluding certain departments that directly support the Capital Markets business segment; (2) interest expense on debt; and (3) income taxes.  

39   

Table Of Contents  

Management does not consider these items necessary for an understanding of the operating results of these business segments and such amounts are excluded in business segment reporting to the chief operating decision maker.      

(1)    Unallocated assets primarily include: (1) amounts due from related parties; (2) furniture and equipment, net; and (3) other assets that are not considered necessary for an understan  ding of business segment assets.  S  uch amounts are excluded in business segment reporting to the chief operating decision maker.  

(2)    Goodwill and intangible assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are allocated to the Capital Markets and Asset Management business segments   as indicated in the table   above.  

Geographic Information  

The Company conducts its business activities through offices in the following locations: (1) United States and (2) United Kingdom and other.  Total revenues by geographic area are summarized as follows.  

Long-lived assets attributable to an individual country, other than the United States, are not material. 

18  . SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURE  

Interest paid by the Company on its debt was $  2,079   and $  2,103   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  

40   

Table Of Contents  

The Company paid income taxes of $  276   and $  224   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company received   $16   and   $0     of   income tax refunds for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  

For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company had the following significant non-cash transactions that are not reflected on the statement of cash flows:  

The Company net surrendered units of the Operating LLC.  The Company recognized a net   decrease   in additional paid-in capital of $  552  , a net   increase   of $  49   in accumulated other comprehensive income, and a  n     increase   of $  503   in non  -controlling interest.     

For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , the Company had the following significant non-cash transactions that are not reflected on the statement of cash flows:  

The Company acquired additional units of the Operating LLC.  The Company recognized a net increase in additional paid-in capital of $  88  , a net decrease of $  6   in accumulated other comprehensive income, and a net decrease of $  82   in non-controlling interest.     

19  . RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company has identified the following related party transactions for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . The transactions are listed by related party and, unless otherwise noted in the text of the description, the amounts are disclosed in the tables at the end of this section.        

A. Cohen Bros. Financial, LLC ( CBF ) and EBC 2013 Family Trust ( EBC ) 

CBF has been identified as a related party because (i) CBF is a non-controlling interest of the Company and (ii) CBF is wholly owned by Mr. Cohen.  

In September 2013, EBC, as an assignee of CBF, made a   $4,000   investment in the Company. Mr.  Cohen is a trustee of EBC. The Company issued   $2,400   in principal amount of the   8.0%   Convertible Notes, and   $1,600   of   Common Stock to EBC.  See note D   listed below and notes 4 and 17 to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  The Company incurred interest expense on this debt, which is disclosed as part of interest expense incurred in the table at the end of this section.   

B. The Bancorp, Inc.  

The Bancorp, Inc. ( TBBK ) is identified as a related party because Mr. Cohen is TBBK s chairman. 

TBBK maintained deposits for the Company in the amount of   $46   and   $43   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. These amounts are not disclosed in the tables at the end of this section.  

As part of the Company s broker-dealer operations, the Company from time to time purchases securities from third parties and sells those securities to TBBK. The Company may purchase securities from TBBK and ultimately sell those securities to third parties. In either of the cases listed above, the Company includes the trading revenue earned (i.e. the gain or loss realized, or commission earned) by the Company for the entire transaction in the amounts disclosed as part of net trading in the table at the end of this section.  

From time to time, the Company will enter into repurchase agreements with TBBK as its counterparty.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had repurchase agreements with TBBK as the   counterp  arty of   $39,532   and     $0  , respectively.   As of September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of the collateral provided to TBBK by the Company relating to these repurchase agreements   was   $41,764   and     $0  , respectively.  These amounts are included as a component of securities sold under   agreement to repurchase in the Company s consolidated balance sheet  s  .  The Company incurred interest expense related to repurchase agreements with TBBK as its counterparty in the amount  s   of   $301   and   $1  46   for the   nine     and three   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,    respectively,   and   $428   and   $133   for the   nine   and three months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, which were   included as a component of net trading revenue in the Company s consolidated statements of operations.  These amounts are not disclosed in the tables at the end this section. 

C.    Resource Securities, Inc. (formerly known as Chadwick Securities, Inc.), a registered broker-dealer subsidiary of Resource America, Inc. ( REXI )   

REXI wa  s a publicly traded specialized asset management company in the commercial finance, real estate, and financial fund management sectors.  It has been identified   as a related party because   the   former   chairman of the board o  f REXI is   the father of the vice chairman of the Company s   board of directors and of the board of managers of the Operating LLC, president and chief executive  

41   

Table Of Contents  

of the Company s European business, and president of CCFL (formerly the Company s chairman and chief executive officer)   until REXI was sold to an unrelated third party   e  ffective September 2016  .  F  rom that point forward,   REXI   is not a related party.  

D.    Mead Park Capital Partners LLC ( Mead Park Capital ) and Mead Park Advisors LLC ( Mead Park ), Mr. Ricciardi, and Mr. DiMaio 

Investment in IFMI by Mead Park Capital 

In September 2013, Mead Park Capital made a   $9,746   investment in the Company.  The Company issued   $5,848   in principal amount of the   8.0%   Convertible Notes and   $3,898   of Common Stock to Mead Park Capital (which were convertible, at any time by the holder thereof prior to the maturity of the notes into   1,949,167   shares of   Common Stock  ).  At that time Jack DiMaio, Jr.   the Company s Chairman of the Board,   was the chief executive officer and founder of Mead Park Capital and Christopher Ricciardi, the Company s former president  ,   was a member of Mead Park Capital.  In connection with the September 25, 2013 closing of the transactions contemplated by the definitive agreements relating to Mead Park Capital s investment in the Company, Jack DiMaio, Jr. and Mr. Ricciardi were   elected   to the Company s board of directors. Mr. DiMaio was also named the chairman of the Company s board of directors. Mr. Ricciardi is no longer a director of the Company.  See notes 4 and 17 to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

Concurrent with the appointment of Mr. DiMaio and Mr. Ricciardi to the Company s board of directors, Mead Park Capital was considered a related party of the Company.  The Company incurred interest expense on this debt, which is disclosed as part of interest expense incurred in the tables at the end of this section.   

On August 28, 2015, Mead Park Capital sold   $4,386   of the   8.0%   Convertible Notes and   1,461,876   shares of   Common Stock   to the Edward E. Cohen IRA, of which Edward E. Cohen is the benefactor.  Edward E. Cohen is th  e father of Daniel G. Cohen.    Common Stock and 8.0% Convertible Notes sold in this transaction represented substantially all of the amounts beneficially owned by Mr. DiMaio. Also as a result of this transaction, Mr. DiMaio was no longer a member of Mead Park Capital.   Mr. DiMaio remains the chairman of the Company s board of directors.  Mr. Ricciardi remained a member and sole manager of Mead Park Capital.   

On October 16, 2015, the Company entered into the Termination Agreement.  Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, in connection with the termination of the Mead Park Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and all rights and obligations thereunder and the mutual release of claims set forth in the Termination Agreement, on October 16, 2015: (i) Mead Park Capital transferred to the Company   487,291   shares of the Company s Common Stock; (ii) the Ricciardi Parties transferred to the Company   1,512,709   shares of Common Stock; (iii) the Company and Mead Park Capital terminated in its entirety, effective October 16, 2015, that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2013, by and among the Company, Mead Park Capital  ,   and, solely for purposes of Section 6.3 thereof, Mead Park Holdings LP (the  Mead Park Purchase Agreement ); and (iv) the Company transferred   $4,000   in cash to accounts designated by Mr. Ricciardi for the benefit of the Ricciardi Parties and Mead Park Capital. 

The Termination Agreement provides that, during the period beginning on October 16, 2015 and ending on October 16, 2016 (the  Termination Agreement Period ), if the Company or its majority owned subsidiary, IFMI, LLC  ,   makes any public or nonpublic offering or sale of any securities ( New Securities ), subject to certain exceptions, then Mr. Ricciardi will be afforded the opportunity to acquire, for the same price and on the same terms as New Securities are proposed to be offered to others, up to the amount of New Securities required to enable Mr. Ricciardi to maintain his proportionate equivalent interest in the Company immediately prior to any such issuance of New Securities.   

In addition, pursuant to the Termination Agreement, if, during the Termination Agreement Period, any meeting occurs at which the Company s stockholders vote for the election of the Company s directors, then (i) the Company s board of directors will nominate Mr. Ricciardi to stand for election to the   board at such meeting   and (ii) the Company s board of directors will (a) recommend to the Company s stockholders the election o  f Mr. Ricciardi at such meeting   and (b) solicit proxies for Mr. Ricciardi in connection with such meeting to the same extent as it does for any of its other nominees to the Company s board of directors. 

Mr. Ricciardi did not sell any of the 8.0% Convertible Notes beneficially owned by him as part of either the August 28, 2015 or October 16, 2015 transactions.  During 2015, Mead Park Capital transferre  d the remaining notes it held   in the amount of   $1,462   to Mr. Ricciardi.    At the Company s annual meeting held on December 21, 2015, Mr. Ricciardi was not reelected to the Company s board of directors.   Subsequent to this date, Mr. Ricciardi is no longer considered a related party.   

42   

Table Of Contents  

CDO Sub-Advisory Agreement with Mead Park Advisors, LLC 

In July 2014, IFMI s subsidiaries, Cohen   Company Financial Management LLC ( CCFM ) and Dekania Capital Management, LLC ( DCM ), entered into a CDO sub-advisory agreement with Mead Park Advisors, LLC ( Mead Park Advisors )   whereby Mead Park Advisors   renders investment advice and provide  s   assistance to CCFM and DCM with respect to their management of certain C  DOs.    The Company incurred consulting fee expense related to this sub-advisory agreement, which is disclosed as part of professional fee and other operating in the tables at the end of this section. Mead Park Advisors remains a related party of the Company because   Mr.   DiMaio maintains an ownership interest in it. 

E. The Edward E. Cohen IRA 

On August 28, 2015,   $4,386   in principal amount  of the   8.0%   Convertible Notes originally issued to Mead Park Capital  in September 2013 was purchased by the Edward E. Cohen IRA of which Edward E. Cohen is the benefactor.  Edward E. Cohen is the father of Daniel G. Cohen.  The Company incurred interest expense on this debt, which is disclosed as part of interest expense incurred in the tables at the end of this section. 

F. Woodlea Consulting, LLC 

In March 2015, the Operating LLC entered into an advisory agreement with Woodlea Consulting, LLC ( Woodlea ), a Delaware limited liability company of which Mr. Ricciardi is the sole owner.  Woodlea rendered advisory services on the execution of strategic alternatives to the Operating LLC.  The advisory agreement was terminated on June 2, 2015.  Mr. Ricciardi was a member of the Company s board of directors during the entire term of this advisory agreement.  The Company incurred consulting fee expense related to this agreement, which is disclosed as part of professional fee and other operating in the tables at the end of this section. 

The following tables   display the routine   transactions recognized in the statements of operations from the identified related parties that are described above.  

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Management fee revenue  

Net trading  

Principal transactions  

Income / (loss) from equity method affiliates  

Professional fee and other operating  

Interest expense incurred  

EBC  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 173 

Edward E. Cohen IRA  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

317 

Mead Park Advisors, LLC  

-  

-  

-  

-  

150 

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 150 

$  
				 
				 490 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Management fee revenue  

Net trading  

Principal transactions  

Income / (loss) from equity method affiliates  

Professional fee and other operating  

Interest expense incurred  

EBC  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 170 

Edward E. Cohen IRA  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

105 

Mead Park Capital  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

309 

Mead Park Advisors, LLC  

-  

-  

-  

-  

150 

-  

Woodlea  

-  

-  

-  

-  

39 

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 189 

$  
				 
				 584 

43   

Table Of Contents  

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Management fee revenue  

Net trading  

Principal transactions  

Income / (loss) from equity method affiliates  

Professional fee and other operating  

Interest expense incurred  

EBC  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 58 

Edward E. Cohen IRA  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

107 

Mead Park Advisors, LLC  

-  

-  

-  

-  

50 

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 50 

$  
				 
				 165 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

(Dollars in Thousands)  

Management fee revenue  

Net trading  

Principal transactions  

Income / (loss) from equity method affiliates  

Professional fee and other operating  

Interest expense incurred  

EBC  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 57 

Edward E. Cohen IRA  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

105 

Mead Park Capital  

-  

-  

-  

-  

-  

35 

Mead Park Advisors, LLC  

-  

-  

-  

-  

50 

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  

-  

$  
				 
				 50 

$  
				 
				 197 

The following related party transactions are non-routine and are not included in the tables above.  

H.  Directors and Employees  

The   Company has entered into   employment agreements   with Dani  e  l G. Cohen, its vice chairman an  d    Joseph W. Pooler, Jr., its chief financial   officer.  T  he Company has entered into its standard indemnification agreement with each of its directors and executive officers.  

The Company has a sublease agreement for certain office space with the Company s chairman of the board.  The Company receives payments under this agreement.    The payments are recorded as a reduction in the related rent and utility expenses.  The Company recorded a reduction in the rent and utility expenses in the amount of   $16   and   $6   for the   nine   and three months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively  ,   and   $16   and   $7   for the nine and three months ended September   30, 2015, respectively. 

The Company s  old a car it owned to Daniel Coh  en for   $9   in September 2015 resulting in a   $9   gain. 

The Company maintains a 401  (k) savings plan covering substantially all of its employees.  The Company matches   50%   of employee contributions for all participants not to exceed   3%   of their salary.  Contributions made on behalf of the Company were   $188   and   $40    for the   nine and   three months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   and   $180   and   $38  , respectively, for the nine and three months ended   September 30, 2015  ,    respectively.  

44   

Table Of Contents  

20  . DUE FROM / DUE TO RELATED PARTIES  

The following table summarizes the outstanding due from / to related parties. These amounts may result from normal operating advances or from timing differences between the transactions disclosed in note 19 and final settlement of those transactions in cash. All amounts are primarily non-interest bearing.  

2  1.  SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

On October 3, 2016, IFMI, LLC  , entered into an Investment Agreement (the  Investment Agreement ), by and between IFMI and JKD Capital Partners I LTD (the  Investor ). The Investor is owned by Jack J. DiMaio, the Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, and his spouse. 

Pursuant to the Investment Agreement, the Investor agreed to invest up to   $12,000     into IFMI, LLC   (the  Investment ),   $6,000     of which was paid by Investor to   IFMI, LLC   on   October 3, 2016  . 

In exchange for the Investment,   IFMI, LLC   agreed to pay to the Investor, in arrears following each calendar quarter during the term of the Investment Agreement, an amount equal to   50%   of the difference between (i) the revenues generated during such quarter by the activities of the Institutional Corporate Trading business   of   JVB  , and (ii) certain expenses incurred by the Institutional Corporate Trading business during such calendar quarter (each such quarterly payment, an  Investment Return Payment ). 

The term of the Investment Agreement commenced on   O  cto  ber 3, 2016   and will continue until a Redemption (as defined below) occurs, unless the Investment Agreement is earlier terminated. 

The Inv  estor may terminate the Investment   Agreement (i) upon   90   days  prior written notice to   IFMI, LLC   if   IFMI, LLC   or its affiliates modify any of their policies or procedures governing the operation of their businesses or change the way they operate their business and such modification has a material adverse effect on the amounts payable to the Investor under the Investment Agreement; or (ii) upon   60   days  prior written notice to   IFMI, LLC   if the employment of Lester Brafman, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, is terminated.   IFMI, LLC   may terminate the Investment Agreement upon 60 days  prior written notice to the Investor if Mr. DiMaio ceases to control the day-to-day operations of the Investor. 

Upon a termination of the Investment Agreement,   IFMI, LLC   will pay to the Investor an amount equal to the  Investment Balance  (as such term is defined in the Investment Agreement) as of the day prior to such termination. 

At any time following   October 3, 2019  , the Investor or   IFMI, LLC   may, upon two months  notice to the other party, cause   IFMI, LLC   to pay (a  Redemption ) to the Investor an amount equal to the  Investment Balance  (as such term is defined in the Investment Agreement) as of the day prior to such Redemption. 

If   IFMI, LLC   or JVB sells JVB s Institutional Corporate Trading business to any unaffiliated third party, and such sale is not part of a larger sale of all or substantially all of the assets or equity securities of   IFMI, LLC   or JVB,   IFMI, LLC   will to pay to the Investor an amount equal to   25%   of the net consideration paid to   IFMI, LLC   in connection with such sale, after deducting certain amounts and certain expenses incurred by   IFMI, LLC   or JVB in connection with such sale. 

45   

Table Of Contents  

ITEM 2.        MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

The following discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Institutional Financial Markets, Inc. and its majority owned subsidiaries (collectively,  we,   us,   our,  or the  Company ) should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On a regular basis, we evaluate these estimates, including fair value of financial instruments. These estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.  

All amounts in this disclosure are in thousands (except share and per share data) unless otherwise noted.  

Overview  

We are a financial services company speciali  zing in the fixed income markets  . We were founded in 1999 as an investment firm focused on small-cap banking institutions, but have grown to provide an expanding range of capital markets   and asset management services  . We are organized into three business segments: Capital Markets,   Principal Investing, and   Asset Management.  

Capital Markets  : Our Capital Markets business segment consists primarily of f  ixed income sales, trading, matched book repo   financing, new issue placements in corporate and securitized products, and advisory services. Our fixed income sales and trading group provides trade execution to corporate investors, institutional investors,   mortgage originators,   and other smaller broker-dealers. We specialize in a variety of products, including but not limited to: corporate bonds, ABS, MBS, CMBS, RMBS, CDOs, CLOs, CBOs, CMOs, municipal securities, TBAs   and other forward agency MBS contracts  , SBA loans, U.S. government bonds, U.S. government agency securities, brokered deposits and CDs for small banks, and hybrid capital of financial institutions including TruPS, whole loans, and other structured financial instruments. We also offer execution and brokerage services for equity products. We carry out our capital market activities primarily through our subsidiaries: JVB in the United States and CCFL in Europe.      

Principal Investing  : Our Principal Investing business segment is comprised of investments that we have made using our own capital excluding investments we make to support our Capital Markets business segment.  These investments are a component of our other investments, at fair value in our consolidated balance sheet.  As of September 30, 2016, $6,229 of our $7,860 of other investments, at fair value are comprised of investments in CLOs, none of which we manage.     

Asset Management  : Our Asset Management business segment manages assets within CDOs, permanent capital vehicles, managed accounts, and investment funds (collectively,  Investment Vehicles ). A CDO is a form of secured borrowing. The borrowing is secured by different types of fixed income assets such as corporate or mortgage loans or bonds. The borrowing is in the form of a securitization, which means that the lenders are actually investing in notes backed by the assets. In the event of default, the lenders will have recourse only to the assets securing the loan. Our Asset Management business segment includes our fee-based asset management operations, which include on-going base and incentive management fees. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $3.80 billion in assets under management ( AUM ) of which 95.0% was in CDOs. Almost all of our asset management revenue is earned from the management of CDOs.  We have not completed a new securitization since 2008.  As a result, our asset management revenue has declined from its historical highs as the assets of the CDOs decline as a result of maturities, repayments, auction call redemptions, and defaults.  We do not expect to complete any securitizations in the future so we expect our asset management revenue to continue to decline.       

We generate our revenue by business segment primarily through   the following activities. 

Capital Markets 

O  ur trading activities, which include execution and brokerage services, securities lending activities, riskless trading activities, as well as gains and losses (unrealized and realized) and income and expense earned on securities classified as trading  ; and     

46   

Table Of Contents  

New issue and advisory revenue comprised of (a) new issue revenue associated with originating, arranging, or placing newly created financial instruments and (b) revenue from advisory services.     

Principal Investing:  

Gains and losses (unrealized and realized) and income and expense earned on securities classified as other investments, at fair value.     

Asset Management:  

Asset management fees for our on-going asset manager services provided to various Investment Vehicles, which may include fees both senior and subordinate to the securities issued by the Investment Vehicle; and     

Incentive management fees earned based on the performance of the various Investment Vehicles.      

Business Environment  

Our business is materially affected by economic conditions in the financial markets, political conditions, broad trends in business and finance,   the housing and mortgage markets,   changes in volume and price levels of securities transactions, and changes in interest rates, all of which can affect our profitability and are unpredictable and beyond our control. These factors may affect the financial decisions made by investors and companies, including their level of participation in the financial markets and their willingness to participate in corporate transactions. Severe market fluctuations or weak econom  ic conditions could   reduce our trading volume and revenues, could negatively affect our ability to generate new issue and advisory revenue, and adversely affect our profitability.  

As a general rule, our trading business benefits from increased market volatility.  Increased volatility usually results in increased activity from our clients and counterparties.  However, periods of extreme   volatility may at times result in client  s reducing t  heir trading volumes, which would   negatively impact our results.  Also, periods of extreme volatility may result in large fluctuations in securities valuations and we may incur losses on our holdings.    Also, our mortgage group s business benefits when mortgage volumes increase, and may suffer when mortgage volumes decrease.  Among other things, mortgage volumes are significantly impacted by changes in interest rates.   

In addition, as a smaller firm, we are exposed to intense competition.  Although we provide financing to our customers, larger firms have a much greater capability to provide their clients with financing, which provides them with a competitive advantage.  We are much   more reliant upon our employee  s      relationships, networks, and abilities to exploit market opportunities.  Therefore, our business may be significantly impacted by the addition or loss of key personnel.   

We try to address these challenges by (i) focusing our business on clients and asset classes that are   underserved by the large firms,   (ii) continuing to monitor our fixed costs to enhance operating leverage and limit our losse  s during periods of low volumes,   and (iii) attempting to hire and retain entrepreneurial and effective traders and salespeople.   

Our business environment is rapidly changing.  New risks and uncertainties emerge continuously and it is not possible for us to predict all the risks we will face.  This may negatively impact our operating performance.       

A portion of our revenu  e   is generated from net trading activity. We engage in proprietary trading for our own account, provide securities financing for our customers, as well as execute  riskless  trades with a customer order in hand resulting in limited market risk to us. The inventory of securities held for our own account, as well as held to facilitate customer trades, and our market making activities are sensitive to market movements.  

A portion of our revenue is generated from new issue and advisory engagements. The fees charged and volume of these engagements are sensitive to the overall business.  Currently, we provide investment banking and advisory services in Europe and in the United States through our subsidiaries, CCFL and JVB, respectively. Currently in the United States, our primary source of new issue revenue is JVB s SBA group s participation in COOF Securitizations. The SBA secondary market program allows for the purchaser of a SBA loan certificate to  strip  a portion of the interest rate from a guaranteed loan portion, creating what is called an originator fee or interest only strip. This enhances the ability of SBA pool assemblers to securitize the guaranteed portion of loans that do not have the same interest rate. Our SBA group s participation in this area has grown during recent years.    In Europe, CCFL engages in   new issue placements in corporate and securitized products and advisory services  . 

A portion of   our revenue   is generated from management fees. Our ability to charge management fees and the amount of those fees is dependent upon the underlying investment performance and stability of the Investment Vehicles. If these types of investments do not provide attractive returns to investors, the demand for such instruments will likely fall, thereby reducing our opportunity to earn new management fees or maintain existing management fees.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,    95.0%   of our existing AUM are   in   CDOs. The creation of CDOs and permanent capital vehicles has depended upon a vibrant securitization market. Since 2008, volumes within the securitization market have dropped significantly and have not recovered since that time. Consequently, we have been unable to complete a new securitization since 2008.  

47   

Table Of Contents  

Almost all of our asset management revenue is earned from the management of CDOs.  We have not completed a new securitization since 2008.  As a result, our asset management revenue has declined from its historical highs as the assets of the CDOs decline as a result of maturities, repayments, and defaults.  We do not expect to complete any securitizations in the future so we expect our asset management revenue to continue to decline. 

A portion of our revenues is generated from our principal investing activities. Therefore, our revenues are impacted by the underlying   operating results   of these investments. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $7,860   of other investments, at fair value representing our principal investment portfolio. Our results of operations and financial condition will be significantly impacted by the financial results of these investments.  

Recent Events  

Repurchases of IFMI Common Stock ( Common Stock ) 

On March 17, 2016, we entered into a letter agreement (the  10b5-1 Plan ) with Sandler O Neill   Partners, L.P. ( Agent ).  Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, Agent agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to purchase, on our behalf, up to $1,000 of the shares of our Common Stock on any day that the NYSE MKT is open for business.  Purchases made under the 10b5-1 Plan commenced on March 17, 2016 and will end no later than December 15, 2016.  Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, purchases of our Common Stock may be made in public and private transactions and must comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act.  The 10b5-1 Plan is designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 

The 10b5-1 Plan was entered into in connection with our existing repurchase plan, as previously disclosed in our periodic reports from time to time, which permits us to repurchase shares of our Common Stock from time to time in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 214,480 shares of Common Stock in the open market (both pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan and prior to the 10b5-1 Plan being in effect) for a total purchase price of $201.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 80,400 shares of Common Stock in the open market pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan for a total purchase price of $79. 

In addition, on March 21, 2016, we (i) repurchased 650,000 shares of our Common Stock from an unrelated third-party in a privately negotiated transaction for an aggregate purchase price of $813, which represents a per share price of $1.25, and (ii) repurchased an aggregate of 1,044,000 shares of Common Stock from an investment manager representing certain stockholders that are unrelated to us in a separate privately negotiated transaction for an aggregate purchase price of $1,305, which represents a per share price of $1.25.  We repurchased all of these shares of Common Stock using cash on hand. 

See note 13   to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

Investment Agreement 

On October 3, 2016, IFMI, LLC entered into an investment agreement (the  Investment Agreement ), with JKD Capital Partners I LTD (the  Investor ).  The Investor is owned by Jack J. DiMaio, the chairman of the Company s board of directors, and his spouse. 

Pursuant to the Investment Agreement, the Investor agreed to invest up to $12,000 into IFMI, LLC (the  Investment ), $6,000 of which was paid by Investor to us. 

In exchange for the Investment, IFMI, LLC agreed to pay to the Investor, in arrears following each calendar quarter during the term of the Investment Agreement, an amount equal to 50% of the difference between (i) the revenues generated during such quarter by the activities of the Institutional Corporate Trading business of JVB, and (ii) certain expenses incurred by the Institutional Corporate Trading business during such calendar quarter (each such quarterly payment, an  Investment Return Payment ). 

For additional information regarding the Investment, see note 21   to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

48   

Table Of Contents  

Consolidated Results of Operations  

This section provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations for the specified periods. The period-to-period comparisons of financial results are not necessarily indicative of future results. 

Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015    

The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .   

Revenues  

Revenues   increased   by   $5,418  , or   15%  , to   $42,190   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $36,772   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . As discussed in more detail below, the change was comprised of (i)   an increase   of   $9,627   in net trading   revenue; (ii)   a decrease   of   $1,228   in asset management revenue; (iii)   a decrease   of   $2,092   in new issue and advisory revenue;   and (iv)   a decrease   of   $889   in principal transactions and other income.  

Net Trading  

Net trading revenue   increased   by   $9,627  , or   43%  , to   $31,973   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $22,346   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .        

49   

Table Of Contents  

The increase was primarily the result of   increases in our corporate investment grade and our   corporate high yield asset c  lasses, as well as our TBA and other forward agency MBS and mortgage trading business line, and increased net revenue earned from matched book repo transactions. 

Our net trading revenue includes unrealized gains on our trading investments, as of the applicable measurement date, that may never be realized due to changes in market or other conditions not in our control.  This may adversely affect the ultimate value realized from these investments. In addition, our net trading revenue also includes realized gains on certain proprietary trading positions. Our ability to derive trading gains from such trading positions is subject to overall market conditions. Due to volatility and uncertainty in the capital markets, the net trading revenue recognized during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   may not be indicative of future results. Furthermore,   from time to time,   some of the assets included in the   i  nvestments-trading line of our consolidated balance sheets   may   represent level 3 valuations within the FASB fair value hierarchy. Level 3 assets are carried at fair value based on estimates derived using internal valuation models and other estimates. See notes 6 and 7 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The fair value estimates made by   us   may not be indicative of the final sale price at which these assets may be sold.  

Asset Management  

Assets Under Management  

Our   AUM   equals the sum of: (1) the gross assets included in CDOs that we have sponsored and manage; plus (2) the NAV of the permanent capital vehicles and investment funds we manage; plus (3) the NAV of other accounts we manage.  

Our calculation of AUM may differ from the calculations used by other asset managers and, as a result, this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. This definition of AUM is not necessarily identical to a definition of AUM that may be used in our management agreements.  

(1) 

Management fee income earned from Company sponsored CDOs is recorded as a component of asset management revenue.     

(2) 

Management fee income earned on managed accounts is recorded as a component of asset management revenue.       

(3) 

AUM for   Company sponsored CDOs   and other managed accounts represents total AUM at the end of the period indicated.     

Asset management fees   decreased   by   $1,228  , or   18%  , to   $5,662   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $6,890   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , as discussed in more detail below. The following table provides a more detailed comparison of the two periods. 

CDOs  

A substantial portion   of our asset management   fees are   earned from the management of CDOs.  We have not completed a new securitization since 2008.  As a result, our asset management revenue has declined from its historical highs as the assets of the CDOs decline   due to   maturities, repayments, and defaults.  We do not expect to complete any securitizations in the future so   we expect our asset management fees   to continue to decline   over time  . 

50   

Table Of Contents  

Asset management   fees   from   C  ompany sponsored CDOs   decreased   by   $1,647   to   $4,958   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $6,605   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The following table summarizes the periods presented by asset class.  

Asset management fees for TruPS and insurance company debt   U.S. declined primarily because   average AUM has declined due to principal repayments on the assets in these securitizations.  

Asset management fees for high grade and mezzanine ABS declined   because in late 2015, the last CDO in this asset class was liquidated.  We do not expect to earn any management fees in the future from this asset class.        

Asset management fees for TruPS and insurance company debt   Europe declined   primarily   because   average AUM has declined because of principal repayments on the assets in these securitizations. 

Asset management fees for broadly syndicated loans   Europe consist of a single CLO.  Fees declined   primarily because during 2016, the performance of the portfolio deteriorated and certain cash flow diversion features of the CLO were triggered.  As a result, cash flow that would otherwise pay subordinated management fees was diverted to pay principal on the senior securities.   In addition, fees declined because of a reduction in AUM due to principal payments received.  See    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  in Part II, Item 7 of   our   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year   ended December 31, 2015   for a discussion of our policy regarding recognition of deferred subordinated asset management fees.   

Other  

Other asset management revenue   increased   by   $419   to   $704   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $285   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .       The   increase was primarily due to   performance fees being earned on, and increases in the AUM of, our managed accounts during 2016. 

New Issue and Advisory Revenue  

New issue and advisory revenue   decreased   by   $2,092  , or   49%  , to   $2,176   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $4,268   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   

Our revenue earned from new issue and advisory has been, and we expect will continue to be, volatile. We earn revenue from a limited number of engagements. Therefore, a small change in the number of engagements can result in large fluctuations in the revenue recognized. Further, even if the number of engagements stays consistent, the average revenue per engagement can fluctuate considerably. Finally, our revenue is generally earned when an underlying transaction closes (rather than on a monthly or quarterly basis). Therefore, the timing of underlying transactions increases the volatility of our revenue recognition.  

Principal Transactions and Other Income  

Principal transactions and other income   decreased   by   $889  , or   27%  ,    to   $2,379   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $3,268   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The following table summarizes principal transactions and other income by category. 

51   

Table Of Contents  

Principal Transactions 

EuroDekania is an investment company and we carry our investment at the NAV of the fund.  Income recognized in each period is a result of changes in the underlying NAV of the fund as well as distributions received.  Our investment in EuroDekania is denominated in Euros.   From time to time, we   hedge this exposure (as described in greater detail below).  Currently, EuroDekania is not making new investments, and has no plans to make new investments.  As cash is received from its current investments, it has been returned to EuroDekania s shareholders.   

Tiptree is publicly trad  ed and we carried   our investment at Tiptree s closing share price.  Changes in the fair value of our investment in Tiptree represent  ed   changes in its share price and any dividends declared.    During 2016, we liquidated all of our remaining investment in Tiptree.  

O  ur currency hedge consists of a Euro forward agreement designed to hedge the currency risk   primarily   associated with our investment in EuroDekania.   

The CLO investments represent investments in the most junior tranche of certain CLOs.  The income of $1,752   recognized during   the nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 wa  s comprised of   $1,005 of investment income, $2,038   of net unrealized   gain, partially offset by $558   of impairment   and $733 of realized loss  .  The income of $  393   recognized during   the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was comprised of $1,918 of investment income, $56 of net unrealized gain, partially offset by $1,359 of impairment charges and $222 of realized losses  .   

52   

Table Of Contents  

Other Income / (Loss) 

Other income   decreased   by   $1,249   to   $1,659   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $2,908   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .     Other income / (loss) is comprised of certain ongoing revenue share arrangements as well as other miscellaneous operating income items.   

The revenue share arrangements noted in the table above entitle us to either a percentage of revenue earned by certain entities or a percentage of revenue earned in excess of certain thresholds.  These arrangements expire, or have expired, as follows: 

The Alesco X-XVII revenue share arrangement expires in February 2017.       

The Star Asia revenue share arrangement does not have a fixed termination date but could terminate as early as January 2018.     

The IIFC revenue share arrangement expires at the earlier of (i) the dissolution of IIFC or (ii) when we have earned a cumulative $20,000 in revenue share payments.   To date, we have earned $1,050.  Also, in any particular year, the revenue share earned by us cannot exceed $2,000.       

The FGC revenue share expired in 2015 with the exception that we are entitled to receive 10% of the net proceeds if FGC is ever sold.      

The other revenue share arrangements are based on management fees earned on management contracts related to certain CDOs.  Two of these arrangements terminated in 2016, while one of these arrangements has no fixed termination date but terminates when the CDO liquidates according to its underlying terms.       

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses   increased   by   $643  , or   2%  , to   $36,065   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $35,422   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . As discussed in more detail below, the change was comprised of (i)   an increase   of   $3,609   in compensation and benefits; (ii)   a decrease   of   $510   in business development, occupancy, and equipment; (iii)   a decrease   of   $430   in subscriptions, clearing, and execution; (iv)   a decrease   of   $1,635   of professional fee and other operating;   and   (v)   a decrease   of   $391   of depreciation and amortization  .   

Compensation and Benefits  

Compensation and benefits   increased   by   $3,609  , or   17%  , to   $24,392   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $20,783   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   

Cash compensation a  nd benefits in the table above wa  s primarily comprised of salary, incentive compensation, and benefits.  Cash compensation and benefits   increased   by   $3,623   to   $23,390   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $19,767   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    This   increase   was a result of a  n increase   in incentive compensation that is tied to revenue and operating profitability   partially offset by a   reduction in headcount  .  Our total headcount   decreased   from   93   at   September 30, 2015   to   83   at   September 30, 2016  .    From time to time, the Company pays employees severance when they are terminated without cause. These severance payments are included within cash compensation in the table above.  

Equity-based compensation   decreased   by   $14   to   $1,002   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $1,016   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   

Business Development, Occupancy, and Equipment  

Business development, occupancy, and equipment   decreased   by   $510  , or   20%  , to   $2,033   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $2,543   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease was comprised of a decrease of $  179   in business development and a decrease in occupancy and equipment expenses of $  331.    The decrease in occupancy and equipment was due to our continued efforts to reduce our office space costs by not renewing leases and subleasing excess office space.  The decrease in business development was   primarily the result of continued cost cutting efforts.   

53   

Table Of Contents  

Subscriptions, Clearing, and Execution 

Subscriptions, clearing, and execution   decreased   by   $430  , or   8%  , to   $4,702   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $5,132   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decrease was due to   a decrease in subscriptions of $382 and a reduction in clearing and execution of $48.  The decrease in subscriptions was primarily due to cost cutting measures as well as reduced headcount.  The decrease in clearing and execution was comprised of a decrease in solicitation costs incurred in connection with our European separate accounts business of $330, partially offset by an increase in clearing costs of $282 due to increased trading volume.   

Professional Fee and Other   Operating Expenses  

Professional fee and other   operating expenses   decreased   by   $1,635  , or   26%  , to   $4,718   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $6,353   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This decrease was   comprised of a decrease of $  1,690   in professional fees  ,     partially offset by an increase of $55   in other operating expenses.  The reduction   in professional fees was comprised of a reduction in legal as well as audit fees.  The increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to a bad debt recovery recorded as a reduction in other operating expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $250.         

Depreciation and Amortization  

Depreciation and amortization   decreased   by   $391  , or   64%  , to   $220   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $611   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decrease was primarily the result of fixed assets becoming fully depreciated.  

Non-Operating Income and Expense  

Interest Expense 

Interest expense   increased   by   $22  , or   1%  , to   $2,973   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $2,951   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    T  he increase was comprised of an increase of $10 related to increased interest expense incurred on our junior subordinated notes due to changes in the effective rate and an increase of $12 related to increased interest incurred on our convertible debt.  Although the convertible debt is fixed rate, there was an extra day in nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the leap year.  

Income Tax Expense / (Benefit) 

The income tax expense / (benefit)   decreased   by   $110   to income tax expense / (benefit) of   $157   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $267   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decline in income tax expense was primarily due to an adjustment made in the three months ended September 30, 2015 that increased income tax expense related to the finalization and filing of our 2015 tax returns. See note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding an income tax assessment received by us from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  

54   

Table Of Contents  

Net Income / (Loss) Attributable to the Non-controlling Interest  

Net income / (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was comprised of the non-controlling interest related to member interests in the Operating LLC other than interests held by us for the relevant periods. In addition, net income / (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest also included non-controlling interest related to entities that were consolidated by the Operating LLC but not wholly owned. 

(1)    Non-controlling interest is recorded on a monthly basis. Because earnings are recognized unevenly throughout the year and the non-controlling interest percentage may change during the period, the average effective non-controlling interest percentage may not equal the percentage at the end of any period or the simple average of the beginning and ending percentages.  

55   

Table Of Contents  

Three   Months Ended   September 30, 2016     Compared to the   Three   Months Ended   September 30, 2015    

The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .   

Revenues  

Revenues   increased   by   $1,163  , or   9%  , to   $14,090   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $12,927   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . As discussed in more detail below, the change was comprised of (i)   an increase   of   $2,153   in net trading   revenue; (ii)   a decrease   of   $551   in asset management revenue; (iii)   a decrease   of   $1,308   in new issue and advisory revenue;   and (iv)   an increase   of   $869   in principal transactions and other income.  

Net Trading  

Net trading revenue   increased   by   $2,153  , or   26%  , to   $10,486   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $8,333   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .        

The increase was primarily the result of   increases in our corporate investment grade and   corporate high yield asset c  lasses, as well as our TBA and other forward agency MBS and mortgage trading business line, and increased net revenue earned from matched book repo transactions. 

Our net trading revenue includes unrealized gains on our trading investments, as of the applicable measurement date, that may never be realized due to changes in market or other conditions not in our control.  This may adversely affect the ultimate value  

56   

Table Of Contents  

realized from these investments. In addition, our net trading revenue also includes realized gains on certain proprietary trading positions. Our ability to derive trading gains from such trading positions is subject to overall market conditions. Due to volatility and uncertainty in the capital markets, the net trading revenue recognized during the   three   months ended   September   30, 2016   may not be indicative of future results. Furthermore,   from time to time   some of the assets included in the   i  nvestments-trading line of our consolidated balance sheets   may   represent level 3 valuations within the FASB fair value hierarchy. Level 3 assets are carried at fair value based on estimates derived using internal valuation models and other estimates. See notes 6 and 7 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The fair value estimates made by   us   may not be indicative of the final sale price at which these assets may be sold.  

Asset Management    

Asset   management fees   decreased   by   $551  , or   24%  , to   $1,781   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $2,332   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  , as discussed in more detail below. The following table provides a more detailed comparison of the two periods. 

CDOs  

A substantial portion   of our asset manageme  nt fees are   earned from the management of CDOs.  We have not completed a new securitization since 2008.  As a result, our asset management revenue has declined from its historical highs as the assets of the CDOs decline   due to   maturities, repayments, and defaults.  We do not expect to complete any securitizations in the future so we expect our asset management revenue to continue to decline   over time  . 

Asset management   fees   from   C  ompany sponsored CDOs   decreased   by   $621   to   $1,598   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $2,219   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The following table summarizes the periods presented by asset class.  

Asset management fees for TruPS and insurance company debt   U.S.   remained relatively flat.  

Asset management fees for high grade and mezzanine ABS declined   because in late 2015, the last CDO in this asset class was liquidated.  We do not expect to earn any management fees in the future from this asset class.        

Asset management fees for TruPS and insurance company debt   Europe declined because   average AUM has declined due to principal repayments on the assets in these securitizations. 

Asset management fees for broadly syndicated loans   Europe consist of a single CLO.  Fees declined   primarily because during 2016, the performance of the portfolio deteriorated and certain cash flow diversion features of the CLO were triggered.  As a result, cash flow that would otherwise pay subordinated management fees was diverted to pay principal on the senior securities.   In addition, fees declined because of a reduction in AUM due to principal payments received.  See    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  in  

57   

Table Of Contents  

Part II, Item 7 of   our   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year   ended December 31, 2015   for a discussion of our policy regarding recognition of deferred subordinated asset management fees.   

Other  

Other asset management revenue   increased   by   $70   to   $183   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $113   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .       The   increase was primarily due to   performance fees being earned on our managed accounts during 2016. 

New Issue and Advisory Revenue  

New issue and advisory revenue   decreased   by   $1,308  , or   62%  , to   $811   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $2,119   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   

Our revenue earned from new issue and advisory has been, and we expect will continue to be, volatile. We earn revenue from a limited number of engagements. Therefore, a small change in the number of engagements can result in large fluctuations in the revenue recognized. Further, even if the number of engagements stays consistent, the average revenue per engagement can fluctuate considerably. Finally, our revenue is generally earned when an underlying transaction closes (rather than on a monthly or quarterly basis). Therefore, the timing of underlying transactions increases the volatility of our revenue recognition.  

Principal Transactions and Other Income  

Principal transactions and other income   increased   for   the     three   months   by $869, or 608%, to $1,012 for the three months   ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $143   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The following table summarizes principal transactions and other income by category. 

P  rincipal Transactions 

EuroDekania is an investment company and we carry our investment at the NAV of the fund.  Income recognized in each period is a result of changes in the underlying NAV of the fund   and   distributions received.  Our investment in EuroDekania is denominated in Euros.    From time to time, we   hedge this exposure (as described in greater detail below).  Currently, EuroDekania is not making new investments, and has no plans to make new investments.  As cash is received from its current investments, it has been returned to EuroDekania s shareholders.   

Tiptree   is publicly traded and we carried   our investment at Tiptree s closing share price.  Changes in the fair value of our investment in Tiptree represent  ed   changes in its share price and any dividends declared.    During 2016, we liquidated all of our remaining investment in Tiptree.  

58   

Table Of Contents  

O  ur currency hedge consists of a Euro forward agreement designed to hedge the currency risk   primarily   associated with our investment in EuroDekania.   

The CLO investments represent investments in the most junior tranche of certain CLOs.  The income of $642   recognized during   the three   months ended   September 30, 2016 wa  s comprised of   $250 of investment income, and $748   of net unrealized   gain, partially offset by $179   of impairment   and $177 of realized loss  .  The   loss   of $  752   recognized during   the three months ended September 30, 2015 was comprised of $1,066 of impairment and $272 of net unrealized losses, partially offset by $586 of investment income. 

Other Income / (Loss)   

Other income   decreased   by   $302   to   $476   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $778   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .     Other income / (loss) is comprised of certain ongoing revenue share arrangements as well as other miscellaneous operating income items.   

The revenue share arrangements noted in the table above entitle us to either a percentage of revenue earned by certain entities or a percentage of revenue earned in excess of certain thresholds.  These arrangements expire, or have expired, as follows: 

The Alesco X-XVII revenue share arrangement expires in February 2017.       

The Star Asia revenue share arrangement does not have a fixed termination date but could terminate as early as January 2018.     

The IIFC revenue share arrangement expires at the earlier of (i) the dissolution of IIFC or (ii) when we have earned a cumulative $20,000 in revenue share payments.   To date, we have earned $1,050.  Also, in any particular year, the revenue share earned by us cannot exceed $2,000.       

The FGC revenue share expired in 2015 with the exception that we are entitled to receive 10% of the net proceeds if FGC is ever sold.      

The other revenue share arrangements are based on management fees earned on management contracts related to certain CDOs.  Two of these arrangements terminated in 2016, while one of these arrangements has no fixed termination date but terminates when the CDO liquidates according to its underlying terms.       

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses   decreased   by   $930  , or   8%  , to   $11,439   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $12,369   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . As discussed in more detail below, the change was comprised of (i)   an increase     of   $420   in compensation and benefits; (ii)   a decrease   of   $183   in business development, occupancy, and equipment; (iii)   a decrease   of   $108   in subscriptions  , clearing, and execution; (iv)   a decrease   of   $975   of professional fee and other operating;   and   (v)   a decrease   of   $84   of depreciation and amortization  .   

Compensation and Benefits  

Compensation and benefits   increased   by   $420  , or   6%  , to   $7,464   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $7,044   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   

Cash compensation a  nd benefits in the table above wa  s primarily comprised of salary, incentive compensation, and benefits.  Cash compensation and benefits   increased   by   $425   to   $7,243   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $6,818   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    This   increase   was a result of a  n increase   in incentive compensation that is tied to revenue and operating profitability   partially offset by a reduction in   headcount  .  Our total headcount   decreased   from   93   at   September 30, 2015   to   83   at   September 30, 2016  .    From time to time, the Company pays employees severance when they are terminated without cause. These severance payments are included within cash compensation in the table above.  

Equity-based compensation     decreased   by   $5   to   $221   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $226   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .   

59   

Table Of Contents  

Business Development, Occupancy, and Equipment  

Business development, occupancy, and equipment   decreased   by   $183  , or   20%  , to   $718   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $901   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The decrease was comprised of a decrease of $  19   in business development and a decrease in occupancy and equipment expenses of $  164.    The decrease in occupancy and equipment was due to our continued efforts to reduce our office space costs by not renewing leases and subleasing excess office space.  The decrease in business development was   primarily the result of continued cost cutting efforts.   

Subscriptions, Clearing, and Execution 

Subscriptions, clearing, and execution   decreased   by   $108  , or   6%  , to   $1,678   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $1,786   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decrease   was due to   a decrease in clearing and execution of $15 and a decrease in subscriptions of $93.  The decrease in subscriptions was primarily due to cost cutting measures as well as reduced headcount.  The decrease in clearing and execution was comprised of a decrease in solicitation costs incurred in connection with our European separate accounts business of $71, partially offset by an increase in clearing costs of $56 due to increased trading volume.   

Professional fee and Other   Operating Expenses  

Professional fee and other   operating expenses   decreased   by   $975  , or   39%  , to   $1,513   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $2,488   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . This decrease was   comprised of a decrease of $  811 in professional fees and a decrease $164   in other operating expenses.    The professional fee decrease was the result of decreased consulting and legal costs.  The decrease in other operating expenses was the result of continued cost cutting efforts.  

Depreciation and Amortization  

Depreciation and amortization   decreased   by   $84  , or   56%  , to   $66   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $150   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    The decrease was primarily the result of fixed assets becoming fully depreciated.  

Non-Operating Income and Expense  

Interest Expense 

Interest expense   increased   by   $7  , or   1%  , to   $991   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $984   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .    T  he increase was primarily related to increased interest expense incurred on our junior subordinated notes due to changes in the effective rate.  

Income Tax Expense / (Benefit) 

The income tax expense / (benefit)   decreased   by   $91   to income tax expense / (benefit) of   $130   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   from   $221   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  .      The decline in income tax expense was primarily due to an adjustment made in the three months ended September 30, 2015 that increased income tax expense related to the finalization and filing of our 2015 tax returns. See note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding an income tax assessment received by us from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.  

60   

Table Of Contents  

Net Income / (Loss) Attributable to the Non-controlling Interest  

Net income / (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest for the   three   months ended   September 30  , 2016   and   2015   was comprised of the non-controlling interest related to member interests in the Operating LLC other than interests held by us for the relevant periods. In addition, net income / (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interest also included non-controlling interest related to entities that were consolidated by the Operating LLC but not wholly owned. 

(1)    Non-controlling interest is recorded on a monthly basis. Because earnings are recognized unevenly throughout the year and the non-controlling interest percentage may change during the period, the average effective non-controlling interest percentage may not equal the percentage at the end of any period or the simple average of the beginning and ending percentages.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity is a measurement of our ability to meet potential cash requirements including ongoing commitments to repay debt borrowings, make interest payments on outstanding borrowings, fund investments, and support other general business purposes. In addition, our United States and United Kingdom broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to certain regulatory requirements to maintain minimum levels of net capital. Historically, our primary sources of funds have been our operating activities and general corporate borrowings. In addition, our trading operations have generally been financed by use of collateralized securities financing arrangements as well as margin loans.  

Certain subsidiaries of the Operating LLC have restrictions on the withdrawal of capital and otherwise in making distributions and loans. JVB is subject to net capital restrictions imposed by the   Securities and Exchange Commission (   SEC   )   and   Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (   FINRA   )   that require certain minimum levels of net capital to remain in this subsidiary. In addition, these restrictions could potentially impose notice requirements or limit our ability to withdraw capital above the required minimum amounts (excess capital) whether through a distribution or a loan. CCFL is regulated by the   Financial Conduct Authority (   FCA   )   and must maintain certain minimu  m levels of capital. See note 14   to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

See   Liquidity and Capital Resources   Debt Financing and Liquidity and Capital Resources   Contractual Obligations   below.  

61   

Table Of Contents  

During the third quarter of 2010, our   board of directors   initiated a dividend of $0.05 per quarter, which was paid regularly through December 31, 2011. Beginning in 2012, the Company declared a dividend of $0.02 per quarter, which was paid regularly through the   second quarter of 2016  . The Company s   board of directors     can   decide to increase, reduce, or eliminate dividend  s in the future. The Company s board of director  s      decision will depend on a variety of factors, including business, financial, and regulatory considerations as well as any limitations under Maryland law or imposed by any agreements governing indebtedness of the Company. There can be no assurances that such dividends will be maintained or increased and, if maintained or increased, will not subsequently be discontinued.  

Each time a cash dividend was declared by our   board of directors  , a pro rata distribution was made to the other members of the Operating LLC upon the payment of dividends to stockholders of the Company.  

On   November 1, 2016  , our   board of directors   declared a cash dividend of $0.02 per share, which will be paid on our   Common Stock   on   November 30, 2016   to stockholders of record   on November 16, 2016  .  A pro rata distribution will be made to the other members of the Operating LLC upon the payment of the dividends to stockholders of the Company.  

On March 17, 2016, we entered into a letter agreement (the  10b5-1 Plan ) with Sandler O Neill   Partners, L.P. ( Agent ).  Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, Agent agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to purchase, on our behalf, up to $1,000 of the shares of our Common Stock, on any day that the NYSE MKT is open for business.  Purchases made under the 10b5-1 Plan commenced on March 17, 2016 and will end no later than December 15, 2016.  Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, purchases of our Common Stock may be made in public and private transactions and must comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act.  The 10b5-1 Plan is designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. 

The 10b5-1 Plan was entered into in connection with our existing repurchase plan, as previously disclosed in our periodic reports, which permits us to repurchase shares of our Common Stock from time to time in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 214,480 shares of Common Stock in the open market (both pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan and prior to the 10b5-1 Plan being in effect) for a total purchase price of $201.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 80,400 shares of Common Stock in the open market pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan for a total purchase price of $79. 

On October 3, 2016, we received a $6,000 investment.  For additional information regarding the Investment, see  Item 2   Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Recent Events  above and note 21 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Cash Flows  

We have four primary uses of   capital:  

(1)   To fund the operations of our Capital Markets business segment  : Our Capital Markets business segment utilizes capital (i) to fund securities inventory to facilitate client trading activities; (ii) for risk trading on our own account; (iii) to fund our collateralized securities lending activities; (iv) for temporary capital needs associated with underwriting activities; (v) to fund business expansion into existing or new product lines   including additional capital dedicated to our TBA and other forward agency MBS and mortgage trading business line  ; and (vi) to fund any operating losses incurred.  

(2)   To fund principal investments for our principal investing segment  : We make principal investments to generate attractive returns. We may need to raise additional debt or equity financing in order to ensure we have the capital necessary to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities.  

(3)   To fund mergers or acquisitions  : We may opportunistically use capital to acquire other asset managers, individual asset management contracts, or financial services firms. We may need to raise additional debt or equity financing in order to ensure we have the capital necessary to take advantage of attractive   merger or acquisition   opportunities.  

(4)   To fund potential dividends,   distributions  , and share repurchases  : During the third quarter of 2010 and for each subsequent quarter through   September 30, 2016  , we have declared a dividend. A pro rata distribution has been paid to the other members of the Operating LLC upon the payment of any dividends to stockholders of IFMI.   See note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   

If we are unable to raise sufficient capital on economically favorable terms, we may need to reduce the amount of capital invested for the uses described above, which may adversely impact earnings and our ability to pay dividends.  

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we maintained cash and cash equivalents of   $10,085   and   $14,115  , respectively. We generated cash from or used cash for the following activities. 

62   

Table Of Contents  

See the statement of cash flows in our consolidated financial statements. We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, as well as our investment in our trading portfolio and related borrowing capacity, will provide sufficient liquidity to meet the cash needs of our ongoing operations in the near term.  

Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016    

As of   September 30, 2016  , our cash and cash equivalents were   $10,085  , representing   a decrease   of   $4,030   from   December 31, 2015  . The   decrease   was attributable to   cash   used   by operating activities of   $7,909,   cash   provided   by investing activities of   $7,477,   cash   used   by financing activities of   $3,384  , and the   decrease   in cash caused by the change in exchange rates of   $214  .   

The cash   used   by operating activities of   $7,909   was comprised of (a) net cash   inflows   of   $2,187   related to working capital fluctuations; (b) net cash   outflows   of    $14,350   from trading activities comprised of our investments-trading, trading securities sold, not yet purchased, securities sold under agreement to repurchase, and receivables and payables from brokers, dealers, and clearing agencies, as well as the changes in unrealized gains and losses on the investments-trading and trading securities sold, but not yet purchased; and (c)  net cash   inflows   from other earnings items of   $4,254   (which represents net income or loss adjusted for the following non-cash operating items: other income / (expense), realized and unrealized gains and losses and accretion of income on other investments, equity based compensation, depreciation and amortization,   and   amortization of discount on debt).  

The cash   provided   by investing activities of   $7,477   was comprised of (a) $  7,924   of cash   from sales and returns of principal of other investments  , at fair value;   partially offset by   (b)   $237 of purchases of other investments, at fair value and (c)   $  210   of cash used to purchase furniture, equipment, and leasehold improvement  s  .   

The cash   used   in financing activities of   $3,384   was comprised of   (a  )    $2,319 in cash used to repurchase our Common Stock; (b) $28 in cash used to net settle employee equity awards; (c)   $  320   of distributions to non-controlling interests related to the Operating LLC;   and (d  ) $  717   in dividends to   stockholders   of IFMI.   

Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015    

As of   September 30, 2015  , our cash and cash equivalents were   $13,379  , representing a net   increase   of   $1,126   from December 31, 201  4  . The   increase   was attributable to   cash   used   by operating activities of   $7,980  ,    cash   provided   by investing activities of   $10,504  ,   cash   used   by financing activities of   $1,250  , and the   decrease   in cash caused by the change in exchange rates of   $148  .   

The cash   used   by operating activities of   $7,980   was comprised of (a) net cash   inflows   of   $3,008   related to working capital fluctuations; (b)  net cash   outflows   of   $11,268   from trading activities comprised of our investments-trading, trading securities sold, not yet purchased, securities sold under agreement to repurchase, and receivables and payables from brokers, dealers, and clearing agencies, as well as the changes in unrealized gains and losses on the investments-trading and trading securities sold, b  ut not yet purchased; and (c)   net cash   inflows   from other earnings items of   $280   (which represents net income or loss adjusted for the following non-cash operating items: other income / (expense), realized and unrealized gains and losses and accretion of income on other investments, income or loss from equity method affiliates, equity based compensation, depreciation and amortization, amortization of discount on debt, and impairment of goodwill).  

The cash   provided   by investing activities of   $10,504     was comprised of (a) $10,625 of cash from sales and returns of principal of other investments, at fair value; partially offset by (b) $11 of purchases of other investments, at fair value and (c) $110 of cash used to purchase furniture, equipment, and leasehold improvements.   

The cash   used   in financing activities of   $1,250     was comprised of (a) $322 of distributions to non-controlling interests related to the Operating LLC; and (b) $928 in dividends to shareholders of IFMI.   

63   

Table Of Contents  

Regulatory Capital Requirements  

We have two subsidiaries that are licensed securities dealers: JVB in the United States and CCFL in the United Kingdom. As a U.S. broker-dealer, JVB is subject to the Uniform Net Capital Rule in Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act, and our London-based subsidiary, CCFL, is subject to the regulatory supervision and requirements of the FCA. The amount of net assets that these subsidiaries may distribute is subject to restrictions under these applicable net capital rules. These subsidiaries have historically operated in excess of minimum net capital requirements. Our minimum capital requirements at   September 30, 2016   were as follows.  

We operate with more than the minimum regulatory capital requirement in our licensed broker-dealers and at   September 30, 2016  , total net capital, or the equivalent as defined by the relevant statutory regulations, in our licensed broker-dealers totaled   $39,021. See note 14   to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

In addition, our licensed broker-dealers are generally subject to capital withdrawal notification and restrictions.  

Securities Financing  

We maintain repurchase agreements with various third party   institutional investors  . There is no maximum limit as to the amount of securities that may be transferred pursuant to these agreements, and transactions are approved on a case-by-case basis. The repurchase agreements do not include substantive provisions other than those covenants and other customary provisions contained in standard master repurchase agreements. The repurchase agreements generally require us to transfer additional securities to the counterparty in the event the value of the securities then held by the counterparty in the margin account falls below specified levels and contains events of default in cases where we breach our obligations under the agreement. We receive margin calls from our repurchase agreement counterparties from time to time in the ordinary course of business. To date, we have maintained sufficient liquidity to meet margin calls, and we have never been unable to satisfy a margin call, however, no assurance can be given that we will be able to satisfy requests from our counterparties to post additional collateral in the future. See note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

If there were an event of default under the repurchase agreements, we would give our counterparty the option to terminate all repurchase transactions existing with us and make any amount due from us to the counterparty payable immediately. Repurchase obligations are full recourse obligations to us. If we were to default under a repurchase obligation, the counterparty would have recourse to our other assets if the collateral was not sufficient to satisfy the obligation in full.   Most of our repurchase agreements are entered into as part of our matched book repo business.  

The Company s clearing   agencies   provide securities financing arrangements including margin arrangements and securities borrowing and lending arrangements. These arrangements generally require us to transfer additional securities or cash to the   clearing agency   in the event the value of the securities then held by the   clearing agency   in the margin account falls below specified levels and contain events of default in cases where we breach our obligations under such agreements.  

An event of default under the clearing agreement would give our counterparty the option to terminate our clearing arrangement. Any amounts owed to the   clearing agency   would be immediately due and payable. These obligations are recourse to us. Furthermore, a termination of our clearing arrangements would result in a significant disruption to our business and would have a significant negative impact on our dealings and relationship with our customers.  

The following table presents our period end balance, average monthly balance, and maximum balance at any month end during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the twelve months ended   December 31, 2015   for receivables under resale agreements and securities sold under agreements to repurchase.  

64   

Table Of Contents  

Fluctuations in the balance of our repurchase agreements from period to period and intraperiod are dependent on business activity in those periods. The fluctuations in the balances of our receivables under resale agreements over the periods presented were impacted by our clients  desires to execute collateralized financing arrangements through the repurchase market or other financing products.  

Average balances and period end balances will fluctuate based on market and liquidity conditions and we consider such intraperiod fluctuations as typical for the repurchase market. Month-end balances may be higher or lower than average period balances.  

Debt Financing  

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had the following sources of debt financing other than securities financing arrangements: (1)  convertible senior notes, compr  ised of 8.0% Convertible Notes   and (2) junior subordinated notes payable to the following two special purpose trusts: (a) Alesco Capital Trust I and (b) Sunset Financial Statutory Trust I.    

See note 12   to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of the Company s outstanding debt.  

The following table summarizes the Company s long-term indebtedness and other financing outstanding. 

(1) 

The holders of the 8.0% Convertible Notes may convert all or any part of the outstanding principal amount of the 8.0% Convertible Notes at any time prior to maturity into shares of   Common Stock   at a conversion price of $3.00 per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments.     

(2  )    The outstanding par represents the total par amount of the junior subordinated notes held by two separate VIE trusts. We do not consolidate these trusts. We hold $1,489 par value of these junior subordinated notes, comprised of $870 par value of junior subordinated notes related to Alesco Capital Trust I and $619 par value of junior subordinated notes related to Sunset Financial Statutory Trust I. These notes have a carrying value of $0. Therefore, the net par value held by third parties is $48,125.   

(3  )    Represents the interest rate   in effect   as of the last day of the reporting period. 

65   

Table Of Contents  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

Other than as described in note 8 (derivatives) and note 11 (variable interest entities) to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, t  here were no material off balance sheet arrangements as of   September 30, 2016  .   

Contractual Obligations  

The table below summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016   and the future periods in which such obligations are expected to be settled in cash. We assumed that the 8.0% Convertible Notes are not converted prior to maturity.  Our junior subordinated notes are assumed to be repaid on their respective maturity dates. Excluded from the table below are obligations that are short-term in nature, including trading liabilities   (including derivatives)   and repurchase agreements.  

(1) 

Assumes the 8.0% Convertible Notes are not converted prior to maturity.       

(2) 

The interest on the junior subordinated notes related to Alesco Capital Trust I is variable. The interest rate of 4.76% (based on a 90-day LIBOR rate in effect as of September 30, 2016 plus 4.00%) was used to compute the contractual interest payment in each period noted. The interest on the junior subordinated notes related to Sunset Financial Statutory Trust I is variable. The interest rate of 4.99% (based on a 90-day LIBOR rate in effect as of September 30, 2016 plus 4.15%) was used to compute the contractual interest payment in each period noted.      

We believe that we will be able to continue to fund our current operations and meet our contractual obligations through a combination of existing cash resources and other sources of credit. Due to the uncertainties that exist in the economy, we cannot be certain that we will be able to replace existing financing or find sources of additional financing in the future.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

The following is a list of recent accounting pronouncements that we believe will have a continuing impact on our financial statements going forward.  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ,   which replaces existing revenue recognition guidance in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition.  The core principle of this ASU is to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.   Subsequently, the FASB issued a series of modifying ASUs that do not change the core principle of the guidance stated in ASU 2014-09.    The modifying ASUs include:   ASU 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus     Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net),   ASU 2016-10  , Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing   and   ASU 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606):        Narrow Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.     The Company must adopt the amendments in ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10  ,   and ASU 2016-12 with the adoption of ASU 2014-09.  The effective date for all of the amendments in these ASUs  is for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period as amended by ASU 2015-14   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (Topic 606):    Deferral of the Effective Date  .    Early application is permitted.    We are   currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it may have on   our   consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01  ,     Financial Instruments-Overall (  S  ubtopic 825-10)  .  The   amendments in ASU 2016-01, among other things:  requires equity   inve  stments   (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income;   requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure  

66   

Table Of Contents  

purposes; requires separate presentation of financial assets and liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset; eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. The   amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.    We are   currently evaluating the impact of these ame  ndments on the presentation in our   consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  ,     Leases (Topic 842).     Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases with the exception of short-term leases:  (i) a lease liability, which i  s    a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lea  s  e, measured on a discounted basis and   (ii)   a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term.  Lessor accounting is largely unchanged.  Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 60  6, Revenue from Contracts with C  ustomers.  The ASU is effective for entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, inclu  ding interim periods within th  e fiscal year.  Early application is permitted.    We are   currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the i  mpact it may have on our   consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815):        Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments.    This ASU clarifies what steps are required when assessing whether the economic characteristics and risks of call (put) options are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of their debt hosts, which is one of the criteria for bifurcating an embedded derivative. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to interest rates or credit risks. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted and if adopted on an interim period, any adjustments must be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes the interim period.   We are   currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the impact it may have on   our   consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  .  This     ASU eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity   method accounting.    If an entity  has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting it should recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method  .   This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and should be applied prospectively upon the effective date to increases in the level of ownership interest or degree of   influence that result.  Early a  doption is permitted.    We are   currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the impact it may have on   our   consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  .  This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including:  (i) income tax consequences; (ii) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and (iii) classification on the statement of cash flows.  The effective date for this ASU is for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted.   We are   currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the impact it may have on   our   consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  .     The amendments   require  s   the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.   The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.    We are   currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the impact it may have on   our   consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230)  :   Classification of Certain Cash     Receipts and Cash Payments  .  The amendments in this ASU provide cash flow statement classification guidance on eight specific cash flow presentation issues with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice.  This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early application is permitted including adoption in an interim period.    We are   currently evaluating this new guidance to determine the impact it may have on   our   consolidated financial statements. 

67   

Table Of Contents  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our accounting policies are essential to understanding and interpreting the financial results reported in our condensed consolidated financial statements. The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements are summarized in note 3 to   our   consolidated financial statements and notes thereto found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Certain of those policies are considered to be particularly important to the presentation of our financial results because they require us to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates, and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates, and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no material changes to matters discussed under the heading  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  in Part II, Item 7 of   our   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

68   

Table Of Contents  

ITEM  3.        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

All amounts in this section are in thousands unless otherwise noted.  

Market Risk  

Market risk is the risk of economic loss arising from the adverse impact of market changes to the market value of our trading and investment positions. Market risk is inherent to both derivative and non-derivative financial instruments, and accordingly, the scope of our market risk management procedures extends beyond derivatives to include all market risk sensitive financial instruments. For purposes of analyzing the components of market risk, we have broken out our investment portfolio into three broad categories, plus debt, as described below.  

Fixed Income Securities  : We hold, from time to time, the following securities: U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. government agency MBS, U.S. government agency debt securities, CMOs, non-government MBS, corporate bonds, non-redeemable and redeemable preferred stock, municipal bonds, certificates of deposits, SBA loans, residential loans, whole loans, and unconsolidated investments in the middle and senior tiers of securitization entities and TruPS. We attempt to mitigate our exposure to market risk by entering into economic hedging transactions, which may include TBAs and other forward agency MBS contracts. The fixed income category can be broadly broken down   into two subcategories: fixed rate and floating rate.  

Floating rate securities are not in themselves particularly sensitive to interest rate risk. Because they generally accrue income at a variable rate, the movement in interest rates typically does not impact their fair value. Fluctuations in their current income due to variations in interest rates are generally not material to us. Floating rate fixed income securities are subject to other market risks such as default risk of the underlying issuer, changes in issuer s credit spreads, prepayment rates, investor demand and supply of securities within a particular asset class or industry class of the ultimate obligor. The sensitivity to any individual market risk can be difficult to quantify.  

The fair value of fixed rate securities is sensitive to changes in interest rates. However, fixed rate securities that have low credit ratings or represent junior interests in securitizations are not particularly interest rate sensitive. In general, when we acquire interest rate sensitive securities, we enter into an offsetting short position for a similar fixed rate security. Alternatively, we may enter into other interest rate hedging arrangements such as interest rate swaps or Eurodollar futures. We measure our net interest rate sensitivity by determining how the fair value of our net interest rate sensitive assets would change as a result of a 100 basis points ( bps ) adverse shift across the entire yield curve. Based on this analysis, as of   September 30, 2016  , we would incur a loss of   $5,584   if the yield curve rises 100 bps across all maturities and a gain of   $5,583   if the yield curve falls 100 bps across all maturities.  

Equity Securities  : We hold equity interests in the form of investments in investment funds, permanent capital vehicles, and equity instruments of publicly traded companies. These investments are subject to equity price risk. Equity price risk results from changes in the level or volatility of underlying equity prices, which affect the value of equity securities or instruments that in turn derive their value from a particular stock. We attempt to reduce the risk of loss inherent in our inventory of equity securities by closely monitoring those security positions. However, since we generally make investments in our investment funds and permanent capital vehicles in order to facilitate third party capital raising (and hence increase our AUM and asset management fees), we may be unwilling to sell these positions as compared to investments in unaffiliated third parties. We have one permanent capital vehicle investment that is denominated in Euros.  The fair value of this investment is subject to change as the spot foreign exchange rate between these currencies and the U.S. Dollar (our functional currency) fluctuates. We may, from time to time, enter into foreign exchange rate derivatives to hedge all or a portion of this risk. We measure our net equity price sensitivity and foreign currency sensitivity by determining how the net fair value of our equity price sensitive and foreign exchange sensitive assets would change as a result of a 10% adverse change in equity prices or foreign exchange rates. Based on this analysis, as of   September 30, 2016  , our equity price sensitivity was   $124   and our foreign exchange currency sensitivity was   $52  .   

Other Securities:   These investments are primarily made up of residual interests in securitization entities. The fair value of these investments will fluctuate over time based on a number of factors including, but not limited to  ,   liquidity of the investment type, the credit performance of the individual assets and issuers within the securitization entity, the asset class of the securitization entity and the relative supply of and demand for investments within that asset class, credit spreads in general, the transparency of valuation of the assets and liabilities of the securitization entity, and investors  view of the accuracy of ratings prepared by the independent rating agencies. The sensitivity to any individual market risk cannot be quantified.  

Debt  : In addition to the risks noted above, we incur interest rate risk related to our debt obligations. We have debt that accrues interest at either variable rates or fixed rates. As of   September 30, 2016  , a 100 bps change in the three month LIBOR would result in a change in our annual cash paid for interest in the amount of   $481  . A 100 bps adverse change in the market yield to maturity would result in an increase in the fair value of the debt in the amount of   $2,864   as of   September 30, 2016  .    

69   

Table Of Contents  

Counterparty Risk and Settlement Risk  

We are subject to counterparty risk primarily in two areas: (i) our collateralized securities transactions described in note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and (ii) our TBA and other forward agency MBS activities described in note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. With respect to the matched book repo financing activities, our risk is that the counterparty does not fulfill its obligation to repurchase the underlying security when it is due. In this case, we would typically liquidate the underlying security, which may result in a loss if the security has declined in value in relation to the balance due from the counterparty under the reverse repurchase agreement.  

With respect to our TBA hedging activities, our risk is that the counterparty does not settle the TBA trade on the scheduled settlement date. In this case, we would have to execute the trade, which may result in a loss based on market movement in the value of the underlying trade between its initial trade date and its settlement date (which in the case of TBAs can be as long as 90 days). If we were to incur a loss under either of these activities, we have recourse to the counterparty pursuant to the underlying agreements.  

Finally, we have general settlement risk in all of our regular way fixed income and equity trading activities. If a counterparty fails to settle a trade, we may incur a loss in closing out the position and would be forced to try to recover this loss from the counterparty. If the counterparty has become insolvent or does not have sufficient liquid assets to reimburse us for the loss, we may not get reimbursed.  

How we manage these risks  

Market Risk  

We seek to manage our market risk by utilizing our underwriting and credit analysis processes that are performed in advance of acquiring any investment. In addition, we continually monitor our investments-trading and our trading securities sold, not yet purchased on a daily basis and our other investments on a monthly basis. We perform an in-depth monthly analysis on all our investments and our risk committee meets on a monthly basis to review specific issues within our portfolio and to make recommendations for dealing with these issues. In addition, each of our broker-dealers has an assigned chief risk officer that reviews the firm s positions and trading activities on a daily basis.  

Counterparty Risk  

We seek to manage our counterparty risk through two major tools. First, we perform a credit assessment of each counterparty to ensure the counterparty has sufficient equity, liquidity, and profitability to support the level of trading or lending we plan to do with them. Second, we require counterparties to post cash or other liquid collateral ( margin ) in the case of changes in the market value of the underlying securities or trades on an ongoing basis.  

In the case of collateralized securities financing transactions, we will generally lend less than the market value of the underlying security initially. The difference between the amount lent and the value of the security is referred to as the haircut. We will seek to maintain this haircut while the loan is outstanding. If the value of the security declines, we will require the counterparty to post margin to offset this decline. If the counterparty fails to post margin, we will sell the underlying security. The haircut serves as a buffer against market movements to prevent or minimize a loss.  

In the case of TBA hedging, we also require counterparties to post margin with us in the case of the market value of the underlying TBA trade declining. If the counterparty fails to post margin, we will close out the underlying trade. In the case of TBA hedging, we will sometimes obtain initial margin or a cash deposit from the counterparty, which serves a purpose similar to the haircut as an additional buffer against losses. However, some of our TBA hedging activities are done without initial margin or cash deposits. 

70   

Table Of Contents  

ITEM  4.        CONTROLS   AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We have established and maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company (and its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who certify our financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Company s board of directors.  

Under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at September 30, 2016.  

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

71   

Table Of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings  

Incorporated by reference to the headings titled  Legal and Regulatory Proceedings  in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements include  d   in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Item  1A.    Risk Factors  

In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should also carefully review and consider the risk factors contained in our other reports and periodic filings with the SEC, including without limitation the risk factors contained under the caption  Item 1A Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The risk factors discussed in that Form 10-K do not identify all risks that we face because our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. There have been no material changes in the significant factors that may affect our business and operations as described in  Item 1A Risk Factors  of the Annual Report on 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

72   

Table Of Contents  

Item  2.    Unregistered     Sales   of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Effective January 1, 2010, the Company ceased to qualify as a REIT and, therefore, is not required to make any dividends or other distributions to its stockholders. However, the Company s board of directors has the power to decide to increase, reduce, or eliminate dividends in the future. The Company s board of directors  decision will depend on a variety of factors, including business, financial and regulatory considerations as well as any limitations under Maryland law or imposed by any agreements governing indebtedness of the Company. There can be no assurances that such dividends will be maintained or increased and, if maintained or increased, will not subsequently be discontinued.  

Certain subsidiaries of the Operating LLC have restrictions on the withdrawal of capital and otherwise in making distributions and loans. JVB is subject to net capital restrictions imposed by the SEC and FINRA that require certain minimum levels of net capital to remain in this subsidiary. In addition, these restrictions could potentially impose notice requirements or limit our ability to withdraw capital above the required minimum amounts (excess capital) whether through distribution or loan. CCFL is regulated by the FCA in the United Kingdom and must maintain certain minimum levels of capital. See note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(1) 

On August 3, 2007, our board of directors authorized us to repurchase up to $50,000 of our Common Stock from time to time in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions.  The repurchase plan was publicly announced on August 7, 2007.      

On March 17, 2016, we entered into a letter agreement (the  10b5-1 Plan ) with Sandler O Neill   Partners, L.P. ( Agent ).  Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, Agent agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to purchase, on our behalf, up to $1,000 of the shares of our Common Stock on any day that the NYSE MKT is open for business.  Purchases made under the 10b5-1 Plan commenced on March 17, 2016 and will end no later than December 15, 2016.  Pursuant to the 10b5-1 Plan, purchases of our Common Stock may be made in public and private transactions and must comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act.  The 10b5-1 Plan is designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act.  All purchases noted above were made in conjunction with the 10b5-1 Plan. 

73   

Table Of Contents  

Item  6.    Exhibits  

Exhibit  
					 
						 No.  

Description  

4.1 

Section 382 Rights Agreement, dated August 3, 2016, between Institutional Financial Markets, Inc. and Computershare Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 3, 2016).  

11.1 

Statement Regarding Computation of Per Share Earnings.*  

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.**  

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.**  

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.***  

32.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.***  

101  

Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Nine and Three Months Ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the N  in  e Months Ended September 30, 2016, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the N  in  e Months Ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.**  

*    Data required by FASB Accounting Standards Codification 260,  Earnings per Share,  is provided in note 15 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.   
					 
						 **    Filed herewith.   
					 
						 ***    Furnished herewith.  

74   

Table Of Contents  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Institutional Financial Markets, Inc.  

By:    

/s/ LESTER R. BRAFMAN  

Lester R. Brafman  

Date:       November 2,   2016  

Chief Executive Officer  

Institutional Financial Markets, Inc.  

By:    

/s/ JOSEPH W. POOLER, JR.  

Joseph W. Pooler, Jr.  

Date:       November 2  , 2016  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer  

75   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ifmi-20160930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Ex 311

Exhibit 31.1  

SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION  

I, Lester R. Brafman, certify that:  

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Institutional Financial Markets, Inc.;   

2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit  

DM3\3911201.1 

committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Gust   

Date:   November 2  , 2016  

Signed:  

/s/ LESTER R. BRAFMAN  

Name:  

Lester R. Brafman  

Title:  

Chief Executive Officer   

DM3\3911201.1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ifmi-20160930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Ex 312

Exhibit 31.2  

SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION  

I, Joseph W. Pooler, Jr., certify that:  

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Institutional Financial Markets, Inc.;   

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit  

DM3\3911268.1 

committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 2  , 2016  

Signed:  

/s/ JOSEPH W. POOLER, JR.  

Name:  

Joseph W. Pooler, Jr.  

Title:  

Executive Vice President, Chief  
					 
						 Financial Officer and Treasurer  

DM3\3911268.1 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ifmi-20160930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Ex 321

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Institutional Financial Markets, Inc. (the  Company ) for the three months ended   September   30  , 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lester R. Brafman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:   November 2  , 2016  

Signed:  

/s/ LESTER R. BRAFMAN  

Name:  

Lester R. Brafman  

Title:  

Chief Executive Officer   

DM3\3911316.1 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ifmi-20160930xex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

Ex 322

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Institutional Financial Markets, Inc. (the  Company ) for the three months ended   September   30  , 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Joseph W. Pooler, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:   November 2  , 2016  

Signed:  

/s/ JOSEPH W. POOLER, JR.  

Name:  

Joseph W. Pooler, Jr.  

Title:  

Executive Vice President, Chief  
					 
						 Financial Officer and Treasurer  

DM3\3911377.1 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ifmi-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ifmi-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ifmi-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ifmi-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ifmi-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ifmi-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

