<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_68589_0001193125-16-764490_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3893772</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82611</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>248565</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>918329</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1861015</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>627554</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764490.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109170236
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764490
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUESTAR GAS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000068589
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATURAL GAS DISTRIBUTION [4924]
		IRS NUMBER:				870407509
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-69210
		FILM NUMBER:		161985039

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 SOUTH STATE STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 45433
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84145-0433
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8013245900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		333 SOUTH STATE STREET
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 45433
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84145-0433

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764490.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d146829d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                              
       QUESTAR GAS
COMPANY      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

333 South State Street, P.O. Box 45433, Salt Lake City, Utah 84145-0433   
  (Address of principal executive offices)   
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code (801) 324-5000   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Do not check non-accelerated filer if a smaller reporting company (Check one).  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issued class of common stock, as of October 15, 2016. All the common stock is held by Dominion Questar Corporation.      
   Registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this
form with the reduced disclosure format.          

Table of Contents  

     QUESTAR GAS COMPANY   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE
QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016     TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page 

Glossary of Commonly Used Terms   

3  

PART I   
   
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

ITEM 1.   
   
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited)   

4  

Condensed Statements of Income   

4  

Condensed Balance Sheets   

5  

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows   

6  

Notes to the Financial Statements   

7  

ITEM 2.   
   
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS   

16  

ITEM 4.   
   
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

18  

PART II   
   
     OTHER INFORMATION    

19  

ITEM 1.   
   
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

19  

ITEM 6.   
   
    EXHIBITS   

19  

SIGNATURES   

20  

Table of Contents  

     Glossary of Commonly Used Terms   

Asset Retirement Obligation (ARO)  
    
 Asset retirement obligation  

Billion Cubic Feet (bcf)  
    
 Billion cubic feet.  

British Thermal Unit (Btu)  
    
 A measure of the amount of energy required to raise the temperature of a one-pound mass of water one degree Fahrenheit at sea level.  

Conservation Enabling Tariff (CET)  
    
 A rate mechanism in Utah and Wyoming that decouples customer usage of natural gas from the non-gas revenues received by Questar Gas by specifying an allowed monthly revenue per customer. Differences between the allowed CET revenue
and actual usage are deferred and recovered from or refunded to customers through future rate changes.  

Cubic Feet (cf)  
    
 One standard cubic foot equals the volume of gas in one cubic foot measured at standard conditions - a temperature of 60 degrees Fahrenheit and a pressure of 30 inches of mercury (approximately 14.7 pounds per square
inch).  

Dekatherm (dth)  
    
 Ten therms. One dth equals one million Btu or approximately one Mcf.  

Dominion  
    
 The legal entity, Dominion Resources, Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (other than Dominion Questar) or operating segments or the entirety of Dominion Resources, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries  

Dominion Questar  
    
 The legal entity, Dominion Questar Corporation (formerly known as Questar Corporation) is the parent of Questar Gas.  

Dominion Questar Combination  
    
 Agreement and plan of merger entered on January 31, 2016 between Dominion and Dominion Questar in which Dominion Questar became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion upon closing on September 16, 2016.  

Energy-Efficiency Program (EEP)  
    
 Costs incurred by Questar Gas to promote energy conservation in the form of rebates and promotions. EEP costs are recovered from customers through periodic rate adjustments.  

FERC  
    
 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.  

Gas  
    
 All references to  gas  in this report refer to natural gas.  

Heating Degree Days  
    
 A measure of the number of degrees the average daily outside temperature is below 65 degrees Fahrenheit.  

M  
    
 Thousand.  

MM  
    
 Million.  

Natural Gas Liquids (NGL)  
    
 Liquid hydrocarbons that are extracted and separated from the natural gas stream. NGL products include ethane, propane, butane, natural gasoline and heavier hydrocarbons.  

PSCU  
    
 Public Service Commission of Utah.  

PSCW  
    
 Wyoming Public Service Commission.  

Questar Gas  
    
 The legal entity, Questar Gas Company or the Company.  

Questar Pipeline  
    
 The legal entity, Questar Pipeline, LLC (successor by statutory conversion to and formerly known as Questar Pipeline Company), an affiliate company to Questar Gas, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of
Questar Pipeline, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries.  

SEC  
    
 United States Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Wexpro  
    
 The legal entity, Wexpro Company, is an affiliate company to Questar Gas that develops and produces natural gas from cost-of-service reserves for Questar Gas customers.  

Wexpro Agreement  
    
 A long-standing comprehensive agreement with the states of Utah and Wyoming. The agreement was effective August 1, 1981, and sets forth the rights of Questar Gas to receive certain benefits from Wexpro s operations. The
agreement was approved by the PSCU and PSCW in 1981 and affirmed by the Supreme Court of Utah in 1983.  

Wexpro II Agreement  
    
 An agreement with the states of Utah and Wyoming modeled after the Wexpro Agreement that allows for the addition of properties under the cost-of-service methodology for the benefit of Questar Gas customers. The agreement was
approved by the PSCU and PSCW in 2013.  

Table of Contents  

     PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.         QUESTAR GAS COMPANY  
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME    (Unaudited)  

(1)   
 See Note 9 for amounts attributable to affiliates      See notes accompanying the financial statements  

Table of Contents  

    QUESTAR GAS COMPANY  
 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS    (Unaudited)  

See notes
accompanying the financial statements  

Table of Contents  

    QUESTAR GAS COMPANY  
 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS    (Unaudited)  
   
   See notes accompanying the financial statements  

Table of Contents  

    QUESTAR GAS COMPANY  
 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Unaudited)  
  Note 1 - Nature of Business     Questar Gas is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Dominion Questar which, effective September 2016, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion. The Company provides retail natural gas distribution in Utah, southwestern Wyoming and a small portion of southeastern Idaho. Questar Gas is
regulated by the PSCU and the PSCW. The Public Utility Commission of Idaho has contracted with the PSCU for rate oversight of Questar Gas  Idaho operations.  
  Note 2 - Basis of Presentation of Interim Financial Statements   
 The interim financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and with the instructions for Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q and SEC Regulations S-X and S-K. The financial statements reflect all normal, recurring adjustments and accruals that are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and results of
operations for the interim periods presented. Interim financial statements do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for audited annual financial statements. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.    The
preparation of the condensed financial statements and notes in conformity with GAAP requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. Actual results could differ from estimates. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending
December 31, 2016.    Certain reclassifications were made to prior year information to conform to the current year presentation. The Company has
adopted Accounting Standards Update 2015-03, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30). The Company has retrospectively adjusted prior period debt issuance costs to be reflected in long-term debt. The reclassifications did not affect the
Company s net income, total assets, liabilities, equity or cash flows, except as noted above.    Questar Gas obtains the majority of its gas supply
from Wexpro s cost-of-service production and pays Wexpro an operator service fee based on the terms of the Wexpro Agreement and the Wexpro II Agreement (Wexpro Agreements). Questar Gas also obtains transportation and storage services from
Questar Pipeline. During the second and third quarters of the year, a significant portion of the natural gas from Wexpro production is injected into underground storage. This gas is withdrawn from storage as needed during the heating season in the
first and fourth quarters. The cost of natural gas sold is credited with the value of natural gas as it is injected into storage and debited as it is withdrawn from storage.  

Table of Contents  

  The details of Questar Gas  consolidated cost of sales are as follows:  

(1)    
   See Note 9 for amounts attributable to affiliates    
  Note 3 - Operating Revenue     Questar Gas  operating
revenue consists of the following:      
    Note 4 - Rate Regulation   
 Questar Gas records regulatory assets and liabilities in accordance with orders and guidance per the PSCU and PSCW. The Company recovers the costs of assets
but does not generally receive a return on these assets. The current portion of regulatory liabilities are included in other current liabilities on the Condensed Balance Sheets.  

Table of Contents  

  The following table details regulatory assets and liabilities:  

(1)  
   Purchased-gas costs that are different from those provided for in present rates are accumulated and recovered or credited through future rate changes.

(2)  
   The energy-efficiency program relates to funds expended for promoting the conservation of natural gas through advertising, rebates for efficient homes and appliances
and home energy audits. Costs are recovered from customers through periodic rate adjustments. Costs incurred in excess of recoveries result in an asset; recoveries in excess of costs incurred result in a liability.    

(3)   
 In 2016, Questar Gas recorded a regulatory asset of $1.7 million for a disputed amount withheld from a supplier of storage services. The amount withheld will be recovered from customers if it is determined that Questar
Gas is required to pay the supplier. The $20.3 million withheld from a supplier of gathering services as of year-end, per the dispute settlement agreement, was resolved and reversed in March 2016. For further details, see Note 11 in the
Company s first quarter 2016 Form 10-Q filing.    

(4)   
 Operating and maintenance, depreciation, depletion and amortization, production taxes and royalties on cost-of-service gas production and future expenses related to abandonment of Wexpro-operated gas and oil wells.
Noncurrent cost-of-service gas charges also include amounts for production imbalances that will be recovered from customers at the end of the related gas wells  useful lives. These costs were transferred to Wexpro in September 2016.

(5)   
 Gains and losses on the reacquisition of debt by rate-regulated companies are deferred and amortized as interest expense over the would-be remaining life of the reacquired debt. The reacquired debt costs had a
weighted-average life of approximately 6.3 years as of September 30, 2016.    

(6)   
 The costs of complying with pipeline-integrity regulations are recovered in rates subject to a PSCU order. Questar Gas is allowed to recover $7.0 million per year. Costs incurred in excess of this amount will be
recovered in future rate changes.    

(7)   
 The CET asset represents actual revenues received that are less than the allowed revenues. Any deficiency in amounts collected are recovered through periodic rate adjustments.    

(8)   
 Cost of plant removal and AROs represent amounts recovered from customers for costs of future activities to remove assets that are expected to be incurred at the time of retirement.    

(9)   
 Income taxes refundable to customers arise from adjustments to deferred taxes, refunded over the life of the related property, plant and equipment.    
   Rate Case Filings      On July 1, 2016, Questar Gas
filed a general rate case with the PSCU. However, as part of the Settlement Stipulation Agreement approved on August 22, 2016 relating to the Dominion Questar Combination, Questar Gas agreed to withdraw the general rate case and not file a new
general rate case to adjust its base distribution non-gas rates until July 1, 2019, unless otherwise ordered by the PSCU. A Settlement Stipulation Agreement was also approved by the PSCW on September 14, 2016, relating to the Dominion Questar
Combination, in which Questar Gas agreed to not file a general rate case application with a requested rate effective date earlier than January 1, 2020. Information regarding the Dominion Questar Combination was also provided to the Idaho Public
Utilities Commission, who acknowledged the Dominion Questar Combination in October 2016 and directed Dominion Questar to notify the Idaho Public Utilities Commission when it makes filings with the PSCU.  

Table of Contents  

  On October 1, 2016, Questar Gas filed for an $8.6 million gas cost increase. The PSCU approved the rate filing
effective November 1, 2016, reflecting a forecasted increase in commodity costs.     Note 5 - Asset Retirement Obligations   
 Questar Gas records an ARO along with an increase to the carrying value of the related property, plant and equipment when there is a legal obligation
associated with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset. The fair value of retirement costs is estimated by the Company based on abandonment costs of similar properties and depreciated over the life of the related assets. Revisions to
estimates result from material changes in the expected timing or amount of cash flows associated with AROs. As a result of a change in the estimated timing of cash flows for the interim retirement of natural gas pipeline components, Questar Gas
recorded an increase of $75.1 million to AROs in the third quarter of 2016. Income or expense resulting from the settlement of ARO liabilities sold is included in other operations and maintenance on the Condensed Statements of Income. The current
portion of the ARO balance is $1.5 million and is included in other current liabilities on the Condensed Balance Sheets. The ARO liability is adjusted to present value each period through an accretion calculation using a credit-adjusted risk-free
interest rate. Changes in Questar Gas  AROs from the Condensed Balance Sheets were as follows:      
    Note 6 - Operating Segments   
  The Corporate and Other Segment  primarily includes specific items attributable to Questar Gas  operating segment that are not included in profit
measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segment s performance or in allocating resources.    The net expense for specific items in
2016 primarily related to a $11.9 million ($7.7 million after-tax) charge for transaction costs associated with the Dominion Questar Combination. These costs primarily consist of employee related costs allocated to Questar Gas and are included in
other operations and maintenance on the Condensed Statements of Income.  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents segment information pertaining to Questar Gas  operations:  
   
    Note 7 - Fair Value Measurements   
 Questar Gas  fair value measurements are made in accordance with the policies discussed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. See Note 8 in this report for further information about Questar Gas  derivatives and hedge accounting activities.  
 Questar Gas  commodity derivative valuations are prepared by Dominion s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) department. The ERM department creates
mark-to-market valuations for Questar Gas  derivative transactions using computer-based statistical models. The inputs that go into the market valuations are transactional information stored in the systems of record and market pricing
information that resides in data warehouse databases. The majority of forward prices are automatically uploaded into the data warehouse databases from various third-party sources. Inputs obtained from third-party sources are evaluated for
reliability considering the reputation, independence, market presence, and methodology used by the third-party. If forward prices are not available from third-party sources, then the ERM department models the forward prices based on other available
market data. A team consisting of risk management and risk quantitative analysts meets and assesses the validity of market prices and mark-to-market valuations. Changes in mark-to-market valuations from period to period are examined and qualified
against historical expectations. If any discrepancies are identified during this process, the mark-to-market valuations or the market pricing information is evaluated further and adjusted, if necessary.  
 For options where observable pricing information is not available from external sources, Questar Gas generally uses a modified Black-Scholes Model or other
option model.    The inputs and assumptions used in measuring fair value for commodity derivative contracts include the following:  

Forward commodity prices        

Transaction prices        

Price correlation        

Volumes        

Commodity location        

Interest rates        

Credit quality of counterparties and Questar Gas        

Credit enhancements        

Time value      For derivative contracts, Questar Gas recognizes transfers among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3
based on fair values as of the first day of the month in which the transfer occurs. Transfers out of Level 3 represent assets and liabilities that were previously classified as Level 3 for which the inputs became observable for
classification in either Level 1 or Level 2. Because the activity and liquidity of commodity markets vary substantially between regions and time periods, the availability of observable inputs for substantially the full term and value of
Questar Gas  over-the-counter derivative contracts is subject to change.  

Table of Contents  

   Level 3 Valuations   
 Fair value measurements are categorized as Level 3 when price or other inputs that are considered to be unobservable are significant to their valuations.
Long-dated commodity derivatives are generally based on unobservable inputs due to the length of time to settlement and the absence of market activity and are therefore categorized as Level 3.  
 Questar Gas enters into certain physical forwards, which are considered Level 3 as they have one or more inputs that are not observable and are significant to
the valuation. The discounted cash flow method is used to value Level 3 physical forward contracts. The discounted cash flow model for forwards calculates mark-to-market valuations based on forward market prices, original transaction prices,
volumes, risk-free rate of return, and credit spreads. For Level 3 fair value measurements, forward market prices are considered unobservable. The unobservable inputs are developed and substantiated using historical information, available market
data, third-party data, and statistical analysis. Periodically, inputs to valuation models are reviewed and revised as needed, based on historical information, updated market data, market liquidity and relationships, and changes in third-party
pricing sources.    The following table presents Questar Gas  quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements at September 30,
2016. The range and weighted average are presented in dollars for market price inputs.      

Fair Value  (millions)   

Valuation Techniques   
    
    Unobservable Input   
    
  Range  

Weighted Average (1)   

Assets   

Physical and financial forwards and futures:  

Natural gas  
    
  $  
  1.6  

Discounted cash flow 
    
 Market price (per Dth) (2)  

2.6 - 3.6   

3.1  

Total assets  
    
  $  
  1.6  

(1)   
 Averages weighted by volume.    

(2)   
 Represents market prices beyond defined terms for Levels 1 and 2.      Sensitivity of the fair value measurements
to changes in the significant unobservable inputs is as follows:      

Significant Unobservable Inputs   
    
    Position   
    
    Change to Input   

Impact on Fair Value Measurement    

Market price  
    
 Buy 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
 Gain (loss)  
 
   Market price  
    
 Sell 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
 Loss (gain)  
    Recurring Fair Value Measurements   
 The following table presents Questar Gas  assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each hierarchy level, including
both current and noncurrent portions. Questar Gas did not have any such items at December 31, 2015.      

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the net change in Questar Gas  assets and liabilities measured at fair value on
a recurring basis and included in the Level 3 fair value category:      
   There were no unrealized gains or losses included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category relating to
assets/liabilities still held at the reporting date for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.     Fair Value of Financial
Instruments     Substantially all of Questar Gas  financial instruments are recorded at fair value, with the exception of the instruments described
below, which are reported at historical cost. Estimated fair values have been determined using available market information and valuation methodologies considered appropriate by management. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, accounts
receivables, unbilled gas receivables, receivables from affiliates, payables to affiliates, notes payable to Dominion Questar, and accounts payable are representative of fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. For Questar
Gas  financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value, the carrying amounts and estimated fair values are as follows:      

(1)   
 Fair value is estimated using market prices, where available, and interest rates currently available for issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. The fair value measurements are classified as Level
2.    

(2)   
 Fair value is estimated using the discounted present value of cash flows using Questar Gas  current credit risk-adjusted borrowing rates. The fair value measurements are classified as Level 2.    

(3)   
 Carrying amount includes amounts which represent the unamortized debt issuance costs, discount and/or premium.    
  Note 8 - Derivatives and Hedge Accounting Activities   
 Questar Gas procures natural gas on behalf of its customers by entering into physical forward natural gas supply contracts, which are considered to be
derivative instruments. All derivatives, except those for which an exception applies, are required to be reported in the Condensed Balance Sheets at fair value. Derivative contracts representing unrealized gain positions and purchased options are
reported as derivative assets. Derivative contracts representing unrealized losses and options sold are reported as derivative liabilities.    All income
statement activity related to derivative instruments, including amounts realized upon settlement, is presented in operating expenses based on the nature of the underlying risk. In Questar Gas  regulated operations, changes in the fair value of
derivative instruments result in the recognition of regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities for jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation. Realized gains or losses on the derivative instruments are generally recognized when the related
transactions impact earnings. See Note 7 for further information about fair value measurements and associated valuation methods for derivatives.  
 Derivative assets and liabilities are presented gross on Questar Gas  Condensed Balance Sheets. Questar Gas  derivative contracts include
over-the-counter transactions, which are bilateral contracts that are transacted directly with a counterparty. At September 30, 2016, substantially all of Questar Gas  derivative assets and liabilities were not subject to a master netting
or similar arrangement.  

Table of Contents  

    Volumes    
 The following table presents the volume of Questar Gas  derivative activity at September 30, 2016. These volumes are based on open derivative
positions and represent the combined absolute value of their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions.  

(1)  
   Includes options.        Fair Value and Gains and Losses
on Derivative Instruments      The following table presents the fair values of Questar Gas  derivatives and where they are presented in its
Condensed Balance Sheets. Questar Gas did not have any derivative balances at December 31, 2015.     

(1)   
 Current derivative assets are presented in prepaid expenses and other current assets in Questar Gas  Condensed Balance Sheets.    

(2)   
 Noncurrent derivative assets are presented in other noncurrent assets in Questar Gas  Condensed Balance Sheets.    

(3)   
 Current derivative liabilities are presented in other current liabilities in Questar Gas  Condensed Balance Sheets.    
 Questar Gas did not recognize any gains or losses on derivatives for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
  Note 9 - Related-Party Transactions     Questar Gas provided
technical services to its affiliates at its cost and charged $4.5 million for the first nine months of 2016, compared to $4.8 million for the same period of 2015, and charged $1.3 million for the third quarter of 2016 compared to $1.1 million for
the third quarter of 2015. The majority of these costs are allocated. The allocation methods are based on the specific nature of the charges. Management believes that the allocation methods are reasonable.  
 Questar Gas has reserved transportation capacity on Questar Pipeline s system for 956 Mdth per day during the heating season and 841 Mdth per day during
off-peak months. Questar Gas periodically releases excess capacity and receives a credit from Questar Pipeline for the released capacity revenues and a portion of Questar Pipeline s interruptible transportation revenues. Questar Gas 
payment for transportation, storage and processing services provided by Questar Pipeline were $17.3 million and $53.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $17.5 million and $54.3 million for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The costs of these services were included in the cost of natural gas sold.  

Table of Contents  

  The amounts that Questar Gas paid Wexpro for the operation of cost-of-service gas properties were $236.4 million
and $241.0 million for the nine months ended 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $77.7 million and $80.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Questar Gas reports these amounts in the cost of natural gas
sold.    Affiliated companies charged Questar Gas for certain administrative and communication functions amounting to $22.7 million and $41.0 million for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $13.8 million and $42.9 million for the same prior year periods. These costs are included in other operations and maintenance. The administrative charges are
generally allocated based on each affiliated company s proportional share of revenues less product costs; property, plant and equipment; and labor costs. Management believes that the allocation method is reasonable.  
 The Dominion Questar Combination resulted in merger and restructuring costs of $9.7 million charged from Dominion Questar for both the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016. There were no merger and restructuring costs for the same prior year periods. These costs primarily consist of employee related costs allocated to Questar Gas and are included in other operations and maintenance.  
 Questar Gas participates in certain Dominion Questar benefit plans. Amounts due from Dominion Questar associated with these benefit plans were $72.6 million
and $67.5 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. These amounts are included in noncurrent receivable from affiliates and current receivable from affiliates, respectively, on Questar Gas  Condensed Balance
Sheets.     Note 10 - Contingencies and Commitments   
 Questar Gas is involved in various commercial, environmental, and regulatory claims. Litigation and other legal proceedings arise in the ordinary course of
business. For current proceedings, management does not believe that liabilities, if any, from such litigation or other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect
on Questar Gas  financial position, results of operations or cash flows.    A liability is recorded for a loss contingency when its occurrence is
probable and its amount can be reasonably estimated. If some amount within a range of possible outcomes appears to be a better estimate than any other amount within the range, that amount is recorded. Otherwise, the minimum amount in the range is
recorded. Disclosures are provided for contingencies reasonably likely to occur, which would have a material adverse effect on Questar Gas  financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Some of the claims involve highly complex
issues relating to liability, damages and other matters subject to substantial uncertainties and, therefore, the probability of liability or an estimate of loss cannot be reasonably determined.  
  Commitments     In August 2016, Questar Gas committed to
borrow under a 30-year, $50 million private placement senior note at 3.62% and  a 35-year, $50  million private placement senior note at 3.67%. Both notes are expected to be funded in December 2016.

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.     The following information updates the discussion of Questar Gas  financial condition provided in the Company s 2015
Form 10-K and analyzes the changes in the results of operations between the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For definitions of commonly used terms found in this Quarterly Report, please refer to the  Glossary of
Commonly Used Terms  included as part of this Form 10-Q.     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 Questar Gas reported a net loss of $17.7 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to net loss of $8.8 million in the third quarter of 2015. Questar Gas
net income was $28.3 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to $32.2 million in the first nine months of 2015. Questar Gas, because of the seasonal nature of its business, typically reports income in the first and fourth quarters of the
year and losses in the second and third quarters of the year.    Following is a summary of Questar Gas financial and operating results:  

Table of Contents  

Margin Analysis    
 Questar Gas margin (revenues minus gas costs) increased $3.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 and increased $15.8
million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. Following is a summary of major changes in Questar Gas margin:      
     Cost of Natural Gas Sold    
 Cost of natural gas sold decreased 11% in the third quarter of 2016 and remained relatively flat in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same 2015
periods. The decrease in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to lower purchased gas prices. Questar Gas accounts for purchased-gas costs in accordance with procedures authorized by the PSCU and the PSCW. Purchased-gas
costs that are different from those provided for in present rates are accumulated and recovered or credited through future rate changes. As of September 30, 2016, Questar Gas had a $2.6 million over-collected balance in the purchased-gas
adjustment account representing amounts recovered from customers in excess of costs incurred.      Other Expenses    
 Merger and restructuring charges, included within other operations and maintenance, are related to transaction costs associated with the Dominion Questar
Combination and totaled $11.9 million for both the third quarter of 2016 and the first nine months of 2016. These costs primarily consist of employee related costs allocated to Questar Gas.  
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased 11% in the third quarter of 2016 and 10% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the 2015 periods. The
higher expense was caused by plant additions driven by customer growth and infrastructure replacements.  

Table of Contents  

  Other taxes were 11% higher in the third quarter of 2016 and 10% higher in the first nine months of 2016 compared
to year-earlier periods. The increases were primarily due to higher property taxes.      

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   
 Senior management of Questar Gas, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September 30, 2016. Based on such evaluation, such officers have concluded that, as of
September 30, 2016, Questar Gas  disclosure controls and procedures are effective.     Changes in Internal Controls.   
 There were no changes in Questar Gas  internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Questar Gas  internal control over financial reporting.  

Table of Contents  

     PART II OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.       Information regarding reportable legal proceedings is contained in Note 4 and Note
10 to the financial statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report.      

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS.       The exhibits filed as part of this report are listed below.  

Table of Contents  

    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the
undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

QUESTAR GAS COMPANY   (Registrant)   

November 9, 2016 

/s/ Michele L. Cardiff   

Michele L. Cardiff  

Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer  

Table of Contents  

   Exhibit Index       

<EX-3.2>
 2
 d146829dex32.htm
 EX-3.2

EX-3.2 

Exhibit 3.2   
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS    of
   QUESTAR GAS COMPANY    A Utah
Corporation    (Effective as of October 17, 2016)  
 OFFICES    SECTION 1. The
principal office shall be in the City of Salt Lake, County of Salt Lake, State of Utah.    The Corporation may also have an office at such
other places as the Board of Directors may from time to time appoint or the business of the Corporation may require.    SEAL  
 SECTION 2. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization, and the words
 Corporate Seal, Utah.  Said seal may be used by causing it, or a facsimile thereof, to be impressed or affixed or reproduced, or otherwise.  
 STOCKHOLDERS  MEETINGS  
 SECTION 3. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held on the third Tuesday of May at such time and in such location as set by the
Chairman of the Board, provided that advance notice of such time and location for such meeting shall be given to stockholders and directors. At the annual meeting, the stockholders shall elect directors by majority vote and transact such other
business as may properly be brought before the meeting.    SECTION 4. The Board of Directors may direct the calling of special meetings of
the stockholders at such time and place as the Board may deem necessary.  
      1  

SECTION 5. Holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding, and entitled to vote
thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall be requisite and shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by law, by the Articles of Incorporation, or by
these Amended and Restated Bylaws. If, however, such majority shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting,
from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until such requisite amount of voting stock shall be present. At such adjourned meeting at which the requisite amount of voting stock shall be represented any business may be
transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified.    SECTION 6. The Secretary shall, but in case of his
failure any other officer of the Corporation may, give written or printed notice to the stockholders stating the place, day and hour of each stockholders meeting and, in case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is
called. Such notice shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than fifty (50) days before the date of the meeting.    SECTION 7. Notice
may be given either personally or by mail, and if given by mail, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mails addressed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the
Corporation, with postage prepaid thereon.    SECTION 8. At any meeting of the stockholders, each outstanding share entitled to vote shall
be entitled to one vote upon each matter submitted to a vote. At each meeting of the stockholders, a stockholder may vote in person or vote by proxy that is executed in writing by the stockholder or his duly authorized attorney-in-fact. No proxy
shall be valid after 11 months from the date of its execution unless otherwise provided in the proxy. The vote for directors and, upon the demand of any stockholder, the vote upon any question before the meeting, shall be by ballot. All elections
shall be had and all questions decided by a plurality vote, except as otherwise provided in these Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Articles of Incorporation, or applicable law.  
      2  

SECTION 9. A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at the ensuing election shall be
prepared and be available for inspection by any stockholder beginning two business days after notice is given of the meeting for which the list was prepared and continuing throughout the meeting. The list shall indicate each stockholder s name,
address, and number of voting shares. A stockholder, directly or through an agent or attorney, has the right to inspect and copy, at his expense, the list of stockholders prepared for each meeting of stockholders. The stockholder must make a written
request to examine the list and must examine it during the Corporation s regular business hours.    SECTION 10. Business transacted at
all special meetings of the stockholders shall be confined to the objects stated in the call and notice.    SECTION 11. Unless otherwise
provided in the Articles of Incorporation, any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice upon the receipt of a unanimous written consent.  
 DIRECTORS    SECTION 12. The
property and business of this Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors comprised as set forth in these Amended and Restated Bylaws and shall consist of at least three and not more than nine members. The Board of
Directors of the Corporation shall consist of the directors elected to the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 3,  provided ,  however , that in the event the Board of Directors is considering or voting on the matters set forth in
Section 13, then for such purposes, the Board of Directors shall consist of the directors elected to the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 3 and the person appointed as the Special Bankruptcy Director pursuant to Section 13. For the avoidance
of doubt, any reference to the  Board of Directors  or  directors  in these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall include the appropriate directors, as the context requires, in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence.  
 SECTION 13. Until the dissolution or termination of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of this Section 13, the Corporation shall at
all times have a Special Bankruptcy Director. For purposes of  
      3  

these Amended and Restated Bylaws,  Special Bankruptcy Director  shall mean a natural person who (A) is nominated by and retained through an independent entity, which is not an
affiliate of the Corporation, such as CT Corporation Staffing, Inc., (B) is approved by the sole stockholder of the Corporation, (C) is not employed by the Corporation or any of its affiliates and (D) has accepted his appointment as the Special
Bankruptcy Director by written instrument. The Special Bankruptcy Director shall not participate in any ordinary and routine activities of the Board of Directors and shall have no voting rights except in the event a vote of the Board of Directors is
required to approve a voluntary bankruptcy petition to be filed under Title 11 of the U.S. Code on behalf of the Company (such petition a  Voluntary Bankruptcy Petition ), in which case the affirmative vote of the Board of Directors,
including the affirmative vote of the Special Bankruptcy Director, shall be required prior to any such filing. The Corporation shall provide the Special Bankruptcy Director with advance notice of any such vote and shall, concurrent with the notice
provided to the Special Bankruptcy Director, provide confidential notice of such vote to the Public Service Commission of Utah, the Utah Division of Public Utilities, the Utah Office of Consumer Services and the Public Service Commission of Wyoming.
   No removal of the Special Bankruptcy Director, and no appointment of a successor Special Bankruptcy Director, shall be effective until
such successor shall have accepted his or her appointment as the Special Bankruptcy Director by a written instrument. In the event of a vacancy in the position of the Special Bankruptcy Director, the Board of Directors shall, as soon as practicable
and in any event within 60 days, appoint a successor Special Bankruptcy Director. Any appointment of a successor Special Bankruptcy Director by the Board of Directors not in compliance with this Section 13 shall be void and of no effect.  
 In considering whether to give or withhold consent to a Voluntary Bankruptcy Petition of the Corporation, the Special Bankruptcy Director,
shall consider, subject to applicable law, the interests of all relevant economic stakeholders, including without limitation the Corporation s customers, and the Corporation s financial health and public service obligations.  
      4  

SECTION 14. The directors may hold their meetings and have one or more offices and keep the books
of the Corporation outside of Utah at such places as they may from time to time determine.    SECTION 15. In addition to the powers and
authority by these Amended and Restated Bylaws expressly conferred upon them, the Board may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute of the State of Utah, or by the Articles of
Incorporation, or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.    COMMITTEES  
 SECTION 16. The Board of Directors may, by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more
Committees, one of which said Committees to be known as the Executive Committee, each Committee to consist of two or more of the Directors of the Corporation, which to the extent provided in the Articles of Incorporation or in said resolution or in
these Amended and Restated Bylaws, shall have and may exercise the powers conferred upon them by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the Executive Committee when so appointed by resolution of the Board of Directors shall have and may
exercise the power of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation ( provided ,  however , that in order for the Executive Committee to consider or act on matters of the type described in Section
13, the Special Bankruptcy Director must be a member of the Executive Committee) , and may have power to authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. All Committees, except the Executive Committee, when so
appointed, shall have such name or names as may be stated in these Amended and Restated Bylaws or may be determined from time to time by resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors.  
 SECTION 17. The Committees shall keep regular minutes for their proceedings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required.  
 COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS  
 SECTION 18. Directors, as such, shall not receive any salary for their services, but the Board of Directors by resolution shall: fix the fees
to be allowed and paid to directors, as such, for their services;  
      5  

and provide for the payment of the expenses of the directors incurred by them in performing their duties. Nothing herein contained, however, shall be considered to preclude any director, other
than the Special Bankruptcy Director, from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor.    SECTION 19.
Fees to members of special or standing committees and expenses incurred by them in the performance of their duties, as such, shall also be fixed and allowed by resolution of the Board of Directors.  
 MEETINGS OF THE BOARD    SECTION
20. Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time and place as shall from time to time be determined by the Board.  
 SECTION 21. Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chairman of the Board or the President on one days  notice to each
Director, with such notice given either in person, by telephone, or by telegram to the address listed in the corporate records of the Corporation; special meetings may be called by the President or Secretary in like manner and on like notice on the
written request of two directors.    SECTION 22. At all meetings of the Board a majority of the directors shall be necessary and sufficient
to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum, shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by
statute or by the Articles of Incorporation or by these Amended and Restated Bylaws. Directors may participate in a Board meeting and be counted in the quorum by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by which all
directors participating in the meeting can hear each other.    SECTION 23. Unless the Articles of Incorporation provide otherwise, any acts
required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors at a meeting may be taken without a meeting if all the directors take the action, each director signs a written consent describing the actions taken, and the consents are filed with the
records of the Corporation. Action taken by consent is effective when the last director signs the consent, unless the consent specifies a different effective date. A signed consent has the effect of a meeting vote and may be described as such in any
document.  
      6  

SECTION 24. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Directors and shall be as
stated in the Articles of Incorporation, to-wit: a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a President, a Vice President, a Secretary and Treasurer. The Board may also choose a Vice Chairman, additional Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and
Assistant Treasurers. The Secretary and Treasurer may be the same person, and the Chairman of the Board or any Vice President may hold at the same time the office of Secretary or Treasurer.  
 SECTION 25. The Board of Directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting shall choose a President and Chairman of the Board of
Directors from their own number, and one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer, who need not be members of the Board nor stockholders of the Corporation.  
 SECTION 26. The Board may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem necessary in conformity with the provisions of the Articles of
Incorporation, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board.  
 SECTION 27. The salaries of all officers and agents of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.  
 SECTION 28. The officers of the Corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualified in their stead. Any officer
elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors. If the office of any officer or officers becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy shall be filled by
the affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors.  
      7  

CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD  
 SECTION 29. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors and shall
have supervision of such matters as may be designated to him by the Board of Directors.    PRESIDENT  
 SECTION 30. Unless another officer is so designated by the Board of Directors, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the
Corporation and shall perform the following duties:    (a) In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, he (for purposes of these Amended
and Restated Bylaws, references to any one gender shall refer to all genders) shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and directors; he shall have general and active management of the business of the Corporation and shall see that all
orders and resolutions of the Board are carried into effect.    (b) He shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring the
seal, under the seal of the Corporation.    (c) He shall be ex-officio a member of all standing Committees and shall have the general powers
and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the office of a President of a corporation.    If another officer is designated
by the Board of Directors as Chief Executive Officer, the President shall have supervision of such matters as shall be designated to him by the Board of Directors and/or the Chief Executive Officer.  
 VICE PRESIDENT    SECTION 31. The
Board of Directors may appoint one or more of the Vice Presidents as Senior Vice Presidents and one or more as Executive Vice Presidents. If only a Senior Vice President or if only an Executive Vice President has been appointed or if one person has
been appointed to both such offices, then during the disability of the President such person shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President. If one or more persons have been appointed Executive and/or Senior Vice Presidents, the
Board of Directors shall prescribe which of them during the disability of the President, shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President.  
      8  

SECRETARY AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES  
 SECTION 32. (a) The Secretary shall attend all sessions of the Board and all meetings of the stockholders and record all votes and the minutes
of all proceedings in a book to be kept for that purpose; and shall perform like duties for the standing Committees when required. He shall give or cause to be given notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board of Directors, and shall
perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or President, under whose supervision he shall be. He shall keep in safe custody the seal of the Corporation and, when authorized by the Board or the Executive Committee of the
Board of Directors, affix the same to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed it shall be attested by his signature, or by the signature of the Treasurer.  
 (b) The Assistant Secretaries, in the absence or disability of the Secretary, shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the
Secretary and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors shall prescribe.    TREASURER AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS  
 SECTION 33. (a) The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of
receipts and disbursements in moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositary as may be designated by the Board of Directors.  
 (b) He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall
render to the President and Directors at the regular meeting of the Board, or whenever they may require it, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer, and of the financial condition of the Corporation.  
 (c) He shall give the Corporation a bond, if required by the Board of Directors, in a sum, and with one or more sureties, satisfactory to the
Board for the faithful performance of the duties of his office, and  
      9  

for the restoration to the Corporation in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property, of whatever kind, in his
possession or under his control, belonging to the Corporation.    (d) The Assistant Treasurers, in the absence or disability of the
Treasurer, shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Treasurer, and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors shall prescribe.  
 VACANCIES    SECTION 34. If the
office of any director or directors becomes vacant by reason of the death, resignation, disqualification, removal from office, or otherwise, the remaining directors, though not less than a quorum, shall choose a successor or successors who shall
hold office for the remaining portion of the term or terms of the office left vacant until the successor or successors shall have been duly elected, unless sooner displaced.  
 DUTIES OF OFFICERS MAY BE DELEGATED  
 SECTION 35. In case of the absence of any officer of the Corporation, or for any other reason that the Board may deem sufficient, the Board
may delegate, for the time being, the power or duties, or any of them, of such officer to any other officer, or to any director, provided a majority of the entire Board concur therein.  
 CERTIFICATES OF STOCK    SECTION
36. The certificates of stock of the Corporation shall be numbered and shall be entered in the books of the Corporation as they are issued. Every holder of stock shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by
the President or a Vice President and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation certifying the number of shares owned by him; provided, however, that where such certificate is signed by a
transfer agent or an assistant transfer agent or by a transfer clerk, acting in behalf of the Corporation, and a registrar, the signature of any such President, Vice President, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Secretary or
 
      10  

Assistant Secretary, may be facsimile. In case any officer or officers, who shall have signed or whose facsimile signature or signatures shall have been used on any such certificate or
certificates, shall cease to be such officer or officers of such Corporation, whether because of death, resignation or otherwise, before such certificate or certificates shall have been delivered by the Corporation, such certificate or certificates
may nevertheless be adopted by the Corporation and be issued and delivered as though the person or persons, who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile signatures shall have been used thereon, had not ceased to be such officer or
officers of the Corporation.    TRANSFER OF STOCK  
 SECTION 37. Transfers of stock shall be made on the books of the Corporation only by the person named in the certificate, or by attorney,
lawfully constituted in writing, and upon surrender of the certificate therefor, and upon the payment of any transfer tax or transfer fees which may be imposed by law or by the Board of Directors.  
 CLOSING OF TRANSFER BOOKS  
 SECTION 38. The Board of Directors shall have power to close the stock transfer books of the Corporation for a period not exceeding fifty (50)
days preceding the date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for payment of any dividend, or the date for the allotment of rights, or the date when any change or conversion, or exchange of capital stock shall go into effect, or for a period
of not exceeding fifty (50) days in connection with obtaining the consent of stockholders for any purpose, provided, however, that in lieu of closing the stock transfer books, as aforesaid, the Board of Directors may fix in advance a date not
exceeding fifty (50) days preceding the date of any meeting of stockholders, or the date for the payment of any dividend, or the date for the allotment of rights or the date when any change or conversion, or exchange of capital stock shall go into
effect, or a date in connection with obtaining such consent, as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at any such meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any such dividend, or to any such
allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights in respect of any such change, conversion, or exchange of capital stock, and in such  
      11  

case only such stockholders as shall be entitled to such notice of and to vote at any such meeting or to receive payment of such dividend or to receive such allotment of rights or generally
exercise such rights as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of stock on the books of the Corporation after any such recorded date fixed as aforesaid.  
 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS    SECTION
39. The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact thereof and accordingly shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share on the part
of any person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, save as expressly provided by the laws of the State of Utah.  
 LOST CERTIFICATE    SECTION 40.
When authorized by the Secretary of the Corporation in writing, the duly appointed stock transfer agency may issue and the duly appointed registrar may register, new or duplicate stock certificates to replace lost, stolen, or destroyed certificates
of the same tenor and for the same number of shares as those alleged to be lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon delivery to the Company in each case of an affidavit of loss and indemnity bond acceptable to the Secretary; but the Board of Directors may
authorize the issuance of new or duplicate stock certificates without requiring an indemnity bond when in its judgment it is proper so to do.  
 INSPECTION OF BOOKS    SECTION 41.
The Corporation shall maintain permanent records of the minutes of all meetings of its stockholders and Board of Directors; all actions taken by the stockholders or Board of Directors without a meeting; and all actions taken by a Committee of the
Board of Directors in place of the Board of Directors on behalf of the Corporation. The Corporation shall also maintain appropriate accounting records.  
      12  

A stockholder of the Corporation, directly or through an agent or attorney, shall have limited
rights to inspect and copy the Corporation s records as provided under applicable state law and by complying with the procedures specified under such law.  
 BANK ACCOUNTS    SECTION 42. All
checks, demands for money, or other transactions involving the Corporation s bank accounts shall be signed by such officers or other responsible persons as the Board of Directors may designate. No third party is allowed access to the
Corporation s bank accounts without express written authorization by the Board of Directors.    FISCAL YEAR  
 SECTION 43. The fiscal year shall begin the first day of January in each year.  
 DIVIDENDS    SECTION 44. Dividends
upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation and the laws of the State of Utah, if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends
may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock.    Before payment of any dividend there may be set aside out of any
funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their sole discretion, think proper, as a reserve fund to meet contingencies or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining
property of the Corporation, or for such other purposes as the directors shall think conducive to the interests of the Corporation.    NOTICE
   SECTION 45. Whenever, under the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Utah, notice is required to be
given to any director, officer or stockholder, it shall not be construed to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail, by depositing the same in the post office or letter box in a postpaid, sealed wrapper, addressed to
such stockholder, officer or director, at  
      13  

such address as appears on the books of the Corporation, or in default of other address, to such director, officer or stockholder, at the general post office in the City of Salt Lake, Utah; and
such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be thus mailed. Or notice may be published as provided in the Articles of Incorporation in lieu of mailing notice in the manner aforesaid.  
 Any stockholder, director or officer may waive any notice required to be given under these Amended and Restated Bylaws or the Articles of
Incorporation.    AMENDMENTS  
 SECTION 46. These Amended and Restated Bylaws may be amended by a majority vote of the directors. These Amended and Restated Bylaws may be
also amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at any special or regular meeting of the stockholders if notice of the proposed amendment be contained in the notice of the meeting.
 Provided ,  however , that these Amended and Restated Bylaws may not be amended, modified, altered, supplemented or replaced to in anyway remove or limit the rights of the Special Bankruptcy Director set forth in Section 13 without the
prior written consent of the Public Service Commission of Utah, the Public Service Commission of Wyoming and the affirmative vote of eighty-five percent of the issued and outstanding stock of the Corporation that is entitled to vote for the election
of directors. Provided, however, that in addition to any vote required by any other provision of these Amended and Restated By-laws, the Articles of Incorporation, or any applicable law, if such amendment is to be adopted solely by the
stockholders, the affirmative vote of eighty-five percent of the issued and outstanding stock of the Corporation that is entitled to vote for the election of directors shall be required for any amendment that deletes or changes Section 15 or this
Section 47 of these Amended and Restated Bylaws; that restricts or limits the powers of the Board of Directors or any other officers or agents of the Corporation; that vests any powers of the Corporation in any officer or agent other than the Board
of Directors, or officers and agents appointed by the Board of Directors, or officers and agents appointed by officers or agents appointed by the Board of Directors; that requires the approval of any stockholders or any other person or entity in
order for the  
      14  

Board of Directors or any other corporate officer or agent to take any action; or that changes the quorum requirement for any meeting of the Board of Directors, the vote by which it must act in
connection with any matter, the manner of calling or conducting meetings of directors, or the place of such meeting.]    INDEMNIFICATION AND
INSURANCE    SECTION 47. (a) Voluntary Indemnification .  Unless otherwise provided in the Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation
shall indemnify any individual made a party to a proceeding because he is or was a director of the Corporation, against liability incurred in the proceeding, but only if the Corporation has authorized the payment in accordance with the applicable
statutory provisions Sections 16-10a-902 and 16-10a-904 of Utah s Revised Business Corporation Act and a determination has been made in accordance with the procedures set forth in such provision that the director conducted himself in good
faith; that he reasonably believed that his conduct, if in his official capacity with the Corporation, was in its best interests and that his conduct, in all other cases, was at least not opposed to the Corporation s best interests; and that he
had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful in the case of any criminal proceeding.    (b) The Corporation may not
voluntarily indemnify a director in connection with a proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation in which the director was adjudged liable to the Corporation or in connection with any other proceeding charging improper personal benefit to him,
whether or not involving action in his official capacity, in which he was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received by him.  
 (c) Indemnification permitted under Paragraph (a) in connection with a proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation is limited to
reasonable expenses incurred in connection with the proceeding.    (d) If a determination is made, using the procedures set forth in the
applicable statutory provision, that the director has satisfied the requirements listed herein and if an authorization of payment is made, using the procedures and standards set forth in the applicable statutory provision, then, unless otherwise
provided in the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation shall pay for or reimburse the  
      15  

reasonable expenses incurred by a director who is a party to a proceeding in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding if the director furnishes the Corporation a written affirmation of
his good faith belief that he has satisfied the standard of conduct described in this Section, furnishes the Corporation a written undertaking, executed personally or on his behalf, to repay the advance if it is ultimately determined that he did not
meet the standard of conduct (which undertaking must be an unlimited general obligation of the director, but need not be secured and may be accepted without reference to financial ability to make repayment); and if a determination is made that the
facts then known of those making the determination would not preclude indemnification under this Section.    (e) Mandatory Indemnification.
Unless otherwise provided in the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation shall indemnify a director or officer of the Corporation who was wholly successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which
he was a party because he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation against reasonable expenses incurred by him in connection with the proceeding.  
 (f) Court-Ordered Indemnification. Unless otherwise provided in the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation, a director or officer of the
Corporation who is or was a party to a proceeding may apply for indemnification to the court conducting the proceeding or to another court of competent jurisdiction. The court may order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer
is entitled to mandatory indemnification as provided in this Section and applicable law, in which case the court shall also order the Corporation to pay the reasonable expenses incurred by the director or officer to obtain court-ordered
indemnification. The court may also order indemnification if it determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification in view of all the relevant circumstances, whether or not the director or officer met the
applicable standard of conduct set forth in this Section and applicable law. Any indemnification with respect to any proceeding in which liability has been adjudged in the circumstances described in Paragraph (b) above is limited to reasonable
expenses.  
      16  

(g) Indemnification of Others. Unless otherwise provided in the Corporation s Articles of
Incorporation, an officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation shall have the same indemnification rights provided to a director by this Section. The Board of Directors may also indemnify and advance expenses to any officer, employee, or agent of
the Corporation, to any extent consistent with public policy as determined by the general or specific purpose of the Board of Directors.  
 (h) Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain liability insurance on behalf of a person who is or was a director, officer,
employee, fiduciary, or agent or the Corporation, or who, while serving as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary, or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee,
fiduciary or agent of another foreign or domestic corporation, other person, of an employee benefit plan, or incurred by him in that capacity or arising from his status as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary, or agent, whether or not the
Corporation has the power to indemnify him against the same liability under applicable law.    LIMITATION ON LIABILITY  
 SECTION 48. No director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any
action taken or any failure to take any action, as a director, except liability for (a) the amount of a financial benefit received by a director to which he is not entitled; (b) an intentional infliction of harm on the Corporation or the
shareholders; (c) for any action that would result in liability of the director under the applicable statutory provision concerning unlawful distributions or (d) an intentional violation of criminal law. This provision shall not limit the liability
of a director for any act or omission occurring prior to August 11, 1992. Any repeat or modification of this provision by the stockholders shall be prospective only and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a
director for the Corporation for acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective date of such repeal or modification.  
      17  

STOCKHOLDERS AGREEMENT  
 SECTION 49. The sole stockholder of the Company hereby agrees and acknowledges that the provisions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall
constitute a  shareholders agreement  as contemplated by Section 732 of the Utah Revised Business Corporation Act and hereby consents to each of the provisions of these Amended and Restated Bylaws even to the extent any such provision may
be inconsistent with the Utah Revised Business Corporation Act. The aforementioned shareholders agreement shall continue in full force and effect until the dissolution or termination of the Corporation.  
      18  

</EX-3.2>

<EX-31.A>
 3
 d146829dex31a.htm
 EX-31.A

EX-31.A 

Exhibit 31.a  
 CERTIFICATION    I, Thomas F. Farrell II, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Questar Gas Company;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      (a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
   (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

November 9, 2016  

/s/ Thomas F. Farrell II   

Thomas F. Farrell II  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 4
 d146829dex31b.htm
 EX-31.B

EX-31.B 

Exhibit 31.b  
 CERTIFICATION    I, Mark F. McGettrick, certify
that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Questar Gas Company;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      (a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    (b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
   (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.      

November 9, 2016  

/s/ Mark F. McGettrick   

Mark F. McGettrick  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 5
 d146829dex32a.htm
 EX-32.A

EX-32.A 

Exhibit No. 32.a  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO    18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,    AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Questar Gas
Company (the  Company ), certify that:      

2. 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of September 30, 2016, and for the period then ended.

November 9, 2016  

/s/ Thomas F. Farrell II   

Thomas F. Farrell II  

Chief Executive Officer  

November 9, 2016  

/s/ Mark F. McGettrick   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.A>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 d-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 d-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 d-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 d-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 d-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 d-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

