<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161006_10-Q_edgar_data_1084765_0001193125-16-732617_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2644172</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>110314</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>150445</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>554580</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1044415</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>679785</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-732617.hdr.sgml : 20161006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161006152721
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-732617
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160827
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RESOURCES CONNECTION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001084765
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				330832424
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32113
		FILM NUMBER:		161924820

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17101 ARMSTRONG AVENUE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7144306400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17101 ARMSTRONG AVENUE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RC TRANSACTION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-732617.txt : 20161006

10-Q
 1
 d233197d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, DC 20549        
       FORM 10-Q
            
   (Mark One)    
 
  For the quarterly period ended August 27, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number: 0-32113        
       RESOURCES
CONNECTION, INC.      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Delaware  
   
  33-0832424   
 
    (State or Other Jurisdiction of  
  Incorporation or Organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    17101 Armstrong Avenue, Irvine, California 92614   
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)   
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (714) 430-6400   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 As of September 26, 2016, there were approximately 36,168,592 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value per
share, outstanding.          

Table of Contents  

   RESOURCES CONNECTION, INC.   
    INDEX       

Table of Contents  

     PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            RESOURCES CONNECTION, INC.
       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Unaudited)      (Amounts in
thousands, except par value per share)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   RESOURCES CONNECTION, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   
  (Unaudited)      (Amounts in
thousands, except per share amounts)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   RESOURCES CONNECTION, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (Unaudited)      (Amounts in
thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   RESOURCES CONNECTION, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  (Unaudited)      (Amounts in
thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   RESOURCES CONNECTION, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Unaudited)      (Amounts in
thousands)       
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

   RESOURCES CONNECTION, INC.   
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Unaudited)      Three months
ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015      1. Description of the Company and its Business   
 Resources Connection, Inc. ( Resources Connection ), a Delaware corporation, was incorporated on November 16,
1998. Resources Connection is a multinational professional services firm; its operating entities primarily provide services under the name Resources Global Professionals ( RGP  or the  Company ). The Company is
organized around client service teams utilizing experienced professionals and provides consulting and business support services in the areas of accounting; finance; governance, risk and compliance management; corporate advisory, strategic
communications and restructuring; information management; human capital; supply chain management; and legal and regulatory. The Company has offices in the United States ( U.S. ), Asia, Australia, Canada, Europe and Mexico.  
 The Company s fiscal year consists of 52 or 53 weeks, ending on the last Saturday in May. The first quarters of fiscal 2017 and
2016 each consisted of 13 weeks.    2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
   Interim Financial Information    
 The financial information as of and for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015 is unaudited but includes all adjustments
(consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) that the Company considers necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position at such dates and the operating results and cash flows for those periods. The fiscal 2016 year-end balance
sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, and certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.
( GAAP ) have been condensed or omitted pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rules or regulations; however, the Company believes the disclosures made are adequate to make the information presented not
misleading.    The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be
expected for the fiscal year. These condensed interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements for the year ended May 28, 2016, which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year then ended (File No. 0-32113).      Cash, Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments    
 The Company considers cash on hand, deposits in banks, and short-term investments purchased with an original maturity date of three months or
less to be cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments approximate their fair values due to the short maturities of these instruments.  
   Client Reimbursements of  Out-of-Pocket  Expenses    
 The Company recognizes all reimbursements received from clients for  out-of-pocket  expenses as revenue and all such expenses as
direct cost of services. Reimbursements received from clients were $2.4 million and $2.9 million for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015, respectively.  
   Foreign Currency Translation    
 The financial statements of subsidiaries outside the U.S. are measured using the local currency as the functional currency. Assets
and liabilities of these subsidiaries are translated at the exchange rates effective at the end of the period, income and expense items are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the period and the related translation adjustments are
recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
   Net Income Per Share Information    
 The Company presents both basic and diluted earnings per common share ( EPS ). Basic EPS is calculated by dividing net income by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is based upon the weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding during the period, calculated using the treasury stock method
for stock options. Under the treasury stock method, assumed proceeds include the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options, the amount of compensation cost for future services that the Company has not yet recognized and the
amount of tax benefits that would be recorded in additional paid-in capital when the award becomes deductible. Common equivalent shares are excluded from the computation in periods in which they have an anti-dilutive effect. Stock options
for which the exercise price exceeds the average market price per common share over the period are anti-dilutive and are excluded from the calculation.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes the calculation of net income per common share for the periods
indicated (amounts in thousands, except per share amounts):      
     Stock-Based Compensation    
 The Company recognizes compensation expense for all share-based awards made to employees and directors, including employee stock options,
restricted stock grants and employee stock purchases made via the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  ESPP ), based on estimated fair value at the date of grant.  
 The Company estimates the fair value of share-based awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of the portion
of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods. Stock option awards vest over four years and restricted stock award vesting is determined on an individual grant basis under the
Company s 2014 Performance Incentive Plan ( 2014 Plan ). The Company determines the estimated value of stock option awards using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation expense on a
straight-line basis over the service period for options and restricted stock that are expected to vest and records adjustments to compensation expense at the end of the service period if actual forfeitures differ from original estimates.  
 See Note 7    Stock-Based Compensation Plans  for further information on the 2014 Plan and stock-based compensation.
     Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Although management believes these
estimates and assumptions are adequate, actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used.     3. Intangible Assets and Goodwill
    Amortization of the Company s intangible assets was completed during fiscal 2016 and there was no outstanding balance of
intangibles as of August 27, 2016 or May 28, 2016. Amortization expense related to trade name and trademark intangibles was $30,000 for the three months ended August 29, 2015.  
 The following table summarizes the activity in the Company s goodwill balance (amounts in thousands):  

9  

Table of Contents  

   4. Income Taxes   
 The Company s provision for income taxes was $4.6 million (effective tax rate of approximately 45%) and $5.5 million (effective tax rate
of approximately 44%) for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015, respectively. The Company records tax expense based upon an actual effective tax rate versus a forecasted tax rate because of the volatility in its
international operations which span numerous tax jurisdictions.    The provision for income taxes in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and
2016 results from taxes on income in the U.S. and certain other foreign jurisdictions, no benefit for losses in jurisdictions in which a full valuation allowance on operating loss carryforwards had previously been established and a lower benefit for
losses in certain foreign jurisdictions with tax rates lower than the U.S. statutory rates. The effective tax rate increased for the three months ended August 27, 2016 due to decreasing overall profitability in the Company s foreign
operations.    The Company recognized a benefit of approximately $457,000 and $787,000 related to stock-based compensation for nonqualified
stock options expensed and for disqualifying dispositions under the ESPP during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 See Note 11    Recent Accounting Pronouncements , for a discussion of the early adoption of Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) ,No. 2015-17, related to the balance sheet classification of deferred income taxes.     5. Stockholders  Equity
    In July 2015, the Company s board of directors approved a stock repurchase program (the  July 2015 program ),
authorizing the repurchase, at the discretion of the Company s senior executives, of the Company s common stock for an aggregate dollar limit not to exceed $150 million. Repurchases under the program may take place in the open market
or in privately negotiated transactions and may be made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. During the three months ended August 27, 2016, the Company purchased approximately 375,000 shares of its common stock on the open market at an average price
of $15.09 per share, for approximately $5.7 million. As of August 27, 2016, approximately $132.9 million remains available for future repurchases of the Company s common stock under the July 2015 program.  
  6. Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information   
 The following table presents non-cash investing and financing activities (amounts in thousands):  
   
    7. Stock-Based Compensation Plans   
   Stock Options and Restricted Stock    
 The maximum number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2014 Plan equals
the sum of: (1) 2,400,000 shares, plus (2) the number of shares subject to stock options granted under the Resources Connection, Inc. 2004 Performance Incentive Plan and the 1999 Long Term Incentive Plan (the  Prior Stock Plans ) and
outstanding as of September 3, 2014 (the date at which the Prior Stock Plans terminated), which expire, or for any reason are cancelled or terminated, after that date without being exercised, plus (3) the number of shares subject to restricted
stock, restricted stock unit and other full-value awards granted under the Prior Stock Plans that were outstanding and unvested as of September 3, 2014, which are forfeited, terminated, cancelled, or otherwise reacquired after that date without
having become vested. As of August 27, 2016, 3,310,000 shares were available for award grant purposes under the 2014 Plan, subject to future increases as described in (2) and (3) above and subject to increase as then-outstanding awards expire
or terminate without having become vested or exercised, as applicable.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

  Awards under the 2014 Plan may include, but are not limited to, stock options and restricted
stock grants. Stock option grants generally vest in equal annual installments over four years and terminate ten years from the date of grant. Restricted stock award vesting is determined on an individual grant basis. Awards of restricted
stock under the 2014 Plan will be counted against the available share limit as two and a half shares for every one share actually issued in connection with the award. The Company s policy is to issue shares from its authorized shares upon
the exercise of stock options.   The following table summarizes the stock option activity for the three months ended August 27, 2016 (number
of shares under option and aggregate intrinsic value in thousands):      
   The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value, which is the
difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and the exercise price multiplied by the number of shares that would have been received by the option holders if they had exercised
their  in the money  options on August 27, 2016. This amount will change based on changes in the fair market value of the Company s common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised for the three months
ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015 was $369,000 and $421,000, respectively.      Stock-Based Compensation Expense    
 As of August 27, 2016, there was $6.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested employee stock options
granted. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 29 months. Stock-based compensation expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and
August 29, 2015 was $1.3 million and $2.2 million, respectively; this consisted of stock-based compensation expense related to employee stock options, employee stock purchases made via the Company s ESPP and restricted stock
awards. Also included in the stock-based compensation expense for the three months ended August 29, 2015 was approximately $900,000 related to the accelerated vesting of options previously granted to Donald Murray in connection with his
transition from Executive Chairman to Chairman. There were no capitalized share-based compensation costs during the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015.  
 The Company granted no shares of restricted stock during either the three months ended August 27, 2016 or August 29, 2015. Stock-based
compensation expense for existing restricted stock awards for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015 was $155,000 and $124,000, respectively. There were 105,639 unvested restricted shares, with approximately $1.2 million of
remaining unrecognized compensation cost, as of August 27, 2016.    The Company recognizes compensation expense for only the portion of
stock options and restricted stock that is expected to vest, rather than recording forfeitures when they occur. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from that estimated by management, additional adjustments to compensation expense may be
required in future periods.    The Company reflects, in its Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the tax impact resulting from tax
deductions in excess of expense recognized in its Consolidated Statements of Operations as a financing cash flow, which will impact the Company s future reported cash flows from operating activities. Gross excess tax benefits totaled
$5,000 and $29,000 for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015, respectively.      Employee Stock Purchase Plan
     The Company s ESPP allows qualified employees (as defined in the ESPP) to purchase designated shares of the Company s
common stock at a price equal to 85% of the lesser of the fair market value of common stock at the beginning or end of each semi-annual stock purchase period. The ESPP s term expires October 16, 2024. A total of 5,900,000 shares
of common stock may be issued under the ESPP. There were 1,103,000 shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP as of August 27, 2016. 
      11  

Table of Contents  

The Company issued 174,000 and 325,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the ESPP for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and the year ended May 28, 2016, respectively. 
  8. Segment Information and Enterprise Reporting   
 The Company discloses information regarding operations outside of the U.S. The Company operates as one segment. The accounting
policies for the domestic and international operations are the same as those described in Note 2    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s 2016
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 28, 2016. Summarized information regarding the Company s domestic and international operations is shown in the following table (amounts in thousands):  

(1) 
 Long-lived assets are comprised of goodwill and property and equipment.       9. Legal Proceedings   
 The Company is involved in certain legal matters arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, all such
matters, if disposed of unfavorably, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, cash flows or results of operations.  
  10. Subsequent Event     On October 5, 2016,
the Company announced president and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) Anthony Cherbak s resignation effective Friday, October 7, 2016 due to health considerations. Kate W. Duchene, the Company s Chief Legal Officer, Executive
Vice President, Human Resources and Secretary, will serve as interim CEO while the Company s Board of Directors oversees a search for a permanent CEO.  
  11. Recent Accounting Pronouncements      Accounting
Pronouncements Adopted During Current Fiscal Year      Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred
Taxes.    In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2015-17. The standard requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet rather
than being separated into current and noncurrent portions. ASU 2015-17 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016. As permitted, the Company early adopted ASU 2015-17 during the
first quarter of fiscal year 2017 on a retrospective basis. Accordingly, current deferred taxes have been reclassified as noncurrent on the May 28, 2016 Consolidated Balance Sheet. This reclassification decreased current deferred tax
assets by $8.4 million and increased noncurrent deferred tax assets by $8.4 million. The Company also netted noncurrent deferred tax liabilities of $5.0 million against noncurrent deferred tax assets.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

   Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
Adjustments.    In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16. This ASU eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for changes to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination. ASU 2015-16
requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustments are determined, including the effect of the change in provisional amount as if
the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The Company adopted this guidance as of the beginning of fiscal 2017 and will consider it during future business combinations.  
  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern.    In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15. This ASU provides new guidance regarding management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s ability
to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The Company adopted this guidance as of the beginning of fiscal 2017.  
  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance
Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12. This ASU provides new guidance requiring that a performance target that affects vesting and could be achieved after the requisite
service period be treated as a performance condition. The Company adopted this guidance as of the beginning of fiscal 2017. The Company does not currently have any performance based awards and thus the adoption of this guidance has not had
a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.     Accounting Pronouncements Pending Adoption   
  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-09. The new standard modifies several aspects of the accounting and reporting for employee share-based payments and related tax accounting impacts, including the presentation in the statements of operations and cash flows of certain tax
benefits or deficiencies and employee tax withholdings, as well as the accounting for award forfeitures over the vesting period. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 (for the Company, fiscal 2019),
and interim periods within annual periods beginning December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  
  Leases (Topic 842): Leases.  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, which amends the existing guidance to require lessees to
recognize operating lease obligations on their balance sheets by recording the rights and obligations created by those leases. The requirements are effective for financial statements for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 (for the Company, fiscal 2020), and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and believe that it will have
a significant impact on its reported balance sheet assets and liabilities. Under current accounting guidelines, the Company s office leases are operating lease arrangements, in which rental payments are treated as operating expenses and there
is no recognition of the arrangement on the balance sheet as an asset with related obligation to the lessor.     Revenue from Contracts
with Customers (Topic 606) : In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede most existing revenue recognition guidance and is intended to improve and converge revenue recognition and
related financial reporting requirements. The core principle of this guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a number of steps to apply to achieve that core principle and requires additional disclosures. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, which delays the
required implementation date for the Company until fiscal 2019, although the Company has the option to adopt this guidance beginning in fiscal 2018. The standard allows for either  full retrospective  adoption, meaning the standard is
applied to all periods presented, or  cumulative effect  adoption, meaning the standard is applied only to the most current period presented in the financial statements. In addition, in March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,
Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients (Topic 606), which provides clarifying guidance in certain areas and adds some practical expedients. The effective date for this ASU is the same as the effective date for ASU No. 2014-09. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact, if any, that these ASUs will have on its consolidated financial statements.    Other recent
accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force), the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the SEC did not, or are not expected to, have a material effect on the Company s results of
operations, financial position or cash flows.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.         The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. This discussion and analysis contains  forward-looking statements,  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to expectations concerning matters that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements may be identified
by words such as  anticipates,   believes,   can,   continue,   could,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   potential, 
 predicts,   remain,   should,  or  will  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements, and all phases of our operations, are subject to known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements and those of our industry to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You are
urged to carefully review the disclosures we make concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our business or operating results, including those identified in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors below and in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended May 28, 2016 (File No. 0-32113). Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business or operating results. Readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included herein, which speak only as the date of this filing. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update the forward-looking statements in this filing to
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this filing or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, unless required by law to do so. References in this filing to  Resources Connection,   RGP,   Resources
Global Professionals,   Resources Global,  the  Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Resources Connection, Inc. and its subsidiaries.  
  Overview     Resources Global Professionals
( RGP ) is a multinational consulting firm that provides consulting and business initiative support services to its global client base in the areas of accounting; finance; governance, risk and compliance management; corporate advisory,
strategic communications and restructuring; information management; human capital; supply chain management; and legal and regulatory. We assist our clients with projects requiring specialized expertise in: 

Finance and accounting services including process transformation and improvement; financial reporting and analysis; technical and operational accounting; merger and acquisition due diligence; audit response;
implementation of new accounting standards such as the revenue recognition and lease pronouncements; and remediation support        

Information management services including strategy development; program and project management; business and technology integration; data strategy, including data security and privacy; and business performance
management (such as core planning and consolidation systems)        

Corporate advisory, strategic communications and restructuring services        

Governance, risk and compliance management services including contract and regulatory compliance efforts under, for example, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the Sarbanes Oxley Act of
2002 ( Sarbanes  Enterprise Risk Management; internal controls management; and operation and information technology audits        

Supply chain management services including supply chain strategy development; procurement and supplier management; logistics and materials management; supply chain planning and forecasting; and Unique
Device Identification compliance        

Human capital services including change management; organization development and effectiveness; and optimization of human resources technology and operations    

Legal and regulatory services with project, secondments or tactical needs including commercial transactions; compliance initiatives; law department operations and business strategy; and litigation support
     We were founded in June 1996 by a team at Deloitte, led by our chairman, Donald B. Murray, who was then a senior partner
with Deloitte. Our founders created Resources Connection to capitalize on the increasing demand for high quality outsourced professional services. We operated as a part of Deloitte until April 1999. In April 1999, we completed a
management-led buyout in partnership with several investors. In December 2000, we completed our initial public offering of common stock and began trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market. We currently trade on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
under the ticker symbol  RECN . We operate under the acronym RGP, branding for our operating entity name of Resources Global Professionals.  
 We operated solely in the United States until fiscal year 2000, when we opened our first three international offices and began to expand
geographically to meet the demand for project consulting services across the world. As of August 27, 2016, we served clients from offices in 20 countries, including 23 international offices and 45 offices in the United States. Our global
footprint allows the Company to support the global initiatives of our multinational client base.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   Critical Accounting Policies   
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial
Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  
 The following represents a summary of our critical accounting policies, defined as those policies that we believe: (a) are the most
important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and (b) involve inherently uncertain issues that require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. There have been no material changes
in our critical accounting policies, or in the estimates and assumptions underlying those policies, from those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 28, 2016.  
  Valuation of long-lived assets    We assess the potential impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets periodically or
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Our goodwill is not subject to periodic amortization. This asset is considered to have an indefinite life and its carrying value is required to
be assessed by us for impairment at least annually. Depending on future market values of our stock, our operating performance and other factors, these assessments could potentially result in impairment reductions of this intangible asset in the
future and this adjustment may materially affect the Company s future financial results and financial condition.     Allowance for
doubtful accounts    We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from our clients failing to make required payments for services rendered. We estimate this allowance based upon our knowledge of the
financial condition of our clients (which may not include knowledge of all significant events), review of historical receivable and reserve trends and other pertinent information. While such losses have historically been within our expectations
and the provisions established, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to experience the same credit loss rates that we have in the past. A significant change in the liquidity or financial position of our clients could cause unfavorable
trends in receivable collections and additional allowances may be required. These additional allowances could materially affect the Company s future financial results.  
  Income taxes    In order to prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to make estimates of income taxes, if
applicable, in each jurisdiction in which we operate. The process incorporates an assessment of any current tax exposure together with temporary differences resulting from different treatment of transactions for tax and financial statement
purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities that are included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The recovery of deferred tax assets from future taxable income must be assessed and, to the extent recovery is
not likely, we will establish a valuation allowance. An increase in the valuation allowance results in recording additional tax expense and any such adjustment may materially affect the Company s future financial results. If the
ultimate tax liability differs from the amount of tax expense we have reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, an adjustment of tax expense may need to be recorded and this adjustment may materially affect the Company s future
financial results and financial condition.     Revenue recognition    We primarily charge our clients on an hourly basis for the
professional services of our consultants. We recognize revenue once services have been rendered and invoice the majority of our clients in the United States on a weekly basis. Some of our clients served by our international offices are
billed on a monthly basis. Our clients are contractually obligated to pay us for all hours billed. To a much lesser extent, we also earn revenue if a client hires one of our consultants. This type of contractually non-refundable
revenue is recognized at the time our client completes the hiring process.     Stock-based compensation    Under our 2014
Performance Incentive Plan, officers, employees, and outside directors have received or may receive grants of restricted stock, stock units, options to purchase common stock or other stock or stock-based awards. Under our Employee Stock
Purchase Plan ( ESPP ), eligible officers and employees may purchase our common stock in accordance with the terms of the plan. 
 The Company estimates a value for employee stock options on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. We have elected to use the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model which takes into account assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and actual and
projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. Additional variables to be considered are the expected term, expected dividends and the risk-free interest rate over the expected term of our employee stock options. In addition, because
stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, it is reduced for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures must be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if
necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience. If facts and circumstances change and we employ different assumptions in future periods, the
compensation expense recorded may differ materially from the amount recorded in the current period.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

  The Company uses its historical volatility over the expected life of the stock option award to
estimate the expected volatility of the price of its common stock. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the term of our employee stock options. The impact of expected dividends ($0.10 per
share in each quarter of fiscal 2016) is also incorporated in determining the estimated value per share of employee stock option grants. Such dividends are subject to quarterly board of director approval. The Company s expected life of
stock option grants is 5.6 years for non-officers and 7.7 years for officers. The Company uses its historical volatility over the expected life of the stock option award to estimate the expected volatility of the price of its common
stock. The Company reviews the underlying assumptions related to stock-based compensation at least annually.    We base our estimates
on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.     Results of Operations   
 The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, our Consolidated Statements of Operations data. These historical results are
not necessarily indicative of future results.      
   We also assess the results of our operations using EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin. EBITDA
is defined as our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA plus stock-based compensation expense. Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated by dividing Adjusted EBITDA by
revenue. These measures assist management in assessing our core operating performance. The following table presents EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the periods indicated and includes a reconciliation of such measures
to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure:      
 
      16  

Table of Contents  

  The financial measures and key performance indicators we use to assess our financial and
operating performance above are not defined by, or calculated in accordance with, GAAP. A non-GAAP financial measure is defined as a numerical measure of a company s financial performance that (i) excludes amounts, or is subject to
adjustments that have the effect of excluding amounts, that are included in the comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in the Consolidated Statements of Operations; or (ii) includes amounts, or is subject to
adjustments that have the effect of including amounts, that are excluded from the comparable measure so calculated and presented.    EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin provide useful information to our investors because they are financial measures used by management to
assess the core performance of the Company. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are not measurements of financial performance or liquidity under GAAP and should not be considered in isolation or construed as substitutes for net
income or other cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP for purposes of analyzing our profitability or liquidity. These measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, net income, earnings per share, cash
flows or other measures of financial performance prepared in conformity with GAAP.    Further, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA
Margin have the following limitations:      

Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements
for such replacements;        

Stock based compensation is an element of our long-term incentive compensation program, although we exclude it as an expense from Adjusted EBITDA when evaluating our ongoing operating performance for a particular
period; and        

Other companies in our industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin differently than we do, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.    
 Due to these limitations, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin should not be considered a substitute for performance measures
calculated in accordance with GAAP.     Three Months Ended August 27, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended August 29, 2015   
 Percentage change computations are based upon amounts in thousands.  
   Revenue   .  Revenue decreased $4.9 million, or 3.3%, to $143.4 million for the three months ended August 27, 2016 from
$148.3 million for the three months ended August 29, 2015. We deliver our services to clients, whether multi-national or locally based, in a similar fashion across the globe. Bill rates remained the same while hours worked decreased 2.7%
between the two periods. The decrease in revenue is partially attributable to the Memorial Day holiday which occurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 while the same holiday in the prior calendar year fell in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2015. The estimated reduction in revenue attributable to the holiday was $1.4 million. The revenue decrease is also attributable to fewer business opportunities in the financial services and energy sectors. As presented in the table
below, revenue increased in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 in Asia Pacific and Europe but declined in North America as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Client reimbursement revenue also declined $520,000 between the quarters.
   Our financial results are subject to fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currencies in relation to the United States dollar
( U.S. dollar ). Revenues denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the monthly average exchange rates in effect during each period. Thus, as the value of the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to the
currencies of our non-United States based operations, our translated revenue (and expenses) will be lower; conversely, if the value of the U.S. dollar weakens relative to the currencies of our non-United States based operations, our translated
revenue (and expenses) will be higher. Using the comparable fiscal 2016 first quarter conversion rates, international revenues would have been higher than reported under GAAP by $0.3 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Using these
constant currency rates, which we believe provides a more comprehensive view of trends in our business, our revenue increased in Europe by 9.8%, while decreasing in North America and Asia Pacific by 4.7% and 1.1%, respectively.  
 The number of consultants on assignment as of August 27, 2016 was 2,570 compared to 2,501 consultants engaged as of August 29, 2015.  
 We operated 68 (23 abroad) offices as of both August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015. Our clients do not sign long-term contracts with
us. As such, there can be no assurance as to future demand levels for the services that we provide or that future results can be reliably predicted by considering past trends.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

  Revenue for the Company s practice areas across the globe consisted of the following
(dollars in thousands):      
     Direct Cost of Services   .  Direct cost of services decreased $2.0 million, or 2.2%, to
$88.9 million for the three months ended August 27, 2016 from $90.9 million for the three months ended August 29, 2015. The decrease in the amount of direct cost of services was attributable to a decrease of 2.7% in the number of hours worked
in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the same period of fiscal 2016 and by a 1.7% increase in the average pay rate per hour of our consultants.  
 Direct cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 62.0% and 61.3% for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015,
respectively. The direct cost of services percentage of revenue was higher in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 primarily because of an unfavorable change in the bill rate/pay rate ratio and the Memorial Day holiday timing discussed above; these
changes were partially offset by lower medical coverage expenses in the fiscal 2017 quarter as compared to the prior year quarter.    Our
target direct cost of services percentage is 60% for all of our offices.      Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses   .  Selling, general and administrative expense ( S, G   A ) as a percentage of revenue was 30.4% and 29.7% for the quarters ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015, respectively. The unfavorable change in
the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was the result of reduced leverage from the decrease in revenue during the quarter. S, G   A decreased to $43.6 million for the first quarter of fiscal 2017 from $44.0 million for the same period in the
prior year. S, G   A for the prior year first quarter includes additional non-cash stock-based compensation expense of approximately $900,000 related to the accelerated vesting of options previously granted to Donald Murray in connection
with his transition from Executive Chairman to Chairman. Absent the cost of the acceleration, S, G   A increased by $500,000 in the first quarter of fiscal 2017; the primary cause of this increase was related to compensation and related
benefit costs attributable to headcount additions in U.S. offices with high growth potential.   Management and administrative headcount
increased from 744 at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2016 to 770 at the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2017.     Sequential
Operations   .  On a sequential quarter basis, fiscal 2017 first quarter revenues decreased approximately 6.0%, from $152.5 million to $143.4 million. Billable hours worked and average bill rates decreased 3.1% and 2.5%,
respectively. The decrease in revenue is partially attributable to the Memorial Day and July Fourth holidays which occurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. There were no compensated holidays in the fourth quarter of fiscal
2016. The estimated lost revenue attributable to the holidays was $2.8 million. The Company s sequential revenue decreased in North America (7.1%) and Europe (8.1%) but increased in Asia Pacific (11.7%). On a constant currency
basis, using the comparable fourth quarter fiscal 2016 conversion rates, sequential revenue decreased in North America (7.1%) and Europe (6.2%) and increased in Asia Pacific (9.8%). 
 Direct cost of services as a percentage of revenue was 62.0% and 60.1% in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and fourth quarter of fiscal 2016,
respectively; the higher direct cost of services percentage in the first quarter is primarily the result of two compensated holidays in the U.S., while the fourth quarter had no compensated holidays; and an unfavorable change in the bill rate/pay
rate ratio in the first quarter of fiscal 2017.    The ratio of S, G   A to revenue increased from 29.1% for the quarter ended May
28, 2016 to 30.4% for the quarter ended August 27, 2016. The change in the ratio is primarily the result of lower revenue in the August 27, 2016 quarter reducing leverage on the S, G   A spend. Total spend in the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2017 decreased over the preceding quarter primarily due to a reduction in marketing spend.     Amortization and Depreciation
Expense.   The Company completed amortization of all remaining amortizable intangible assets as of the end of fiscal 2016 and thus there is no amortization expense during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Amortization of intangible assets
was $30,000 for the three months ended August 29, 2015.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  Depreciation expense was $794,000 for the three months ended August 27, 2016 compared to $858,000
for the three months ended August 29, 2015.     Interest Income   .  Interest income was $70,000 in the first quarter of
fiscal 2017 compared to $32,000 in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. The improvement is from slightly higher returns on cash balances available for investment.  
 The Company has invested available cash in certificates of deposit, money market investments and commercial paper that have been classified as
cash equivalents due to the short maturities of these investments. As of August 27, 2016, the Company also has $10.0 million of investments in commercial paper with maturity dates between three months and one year from the balance sheet date
which are classified as short-term investments and considered  held-to-maturity  securities.      Income Taxes.   The
Company s provision for income taxes was $4.6 million (effective tax rate of approximately 45%) and $5.5 million (effective tax rate of approximately 44%) for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015, respectively. The
Company records tax expense based upon an actual effective tax rate versus a forecasted tax rate because of the volatility in its international operations which span numerous tax jurisdictions.  
 The provision for income taxes in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016 results from taxes on income in the United States and certain
other foreign jurisdictions, no benefit for losses in jurisdictions in which a full valuation allowance on operating loss carryforwards had previously been established and a lower benefit for losses in certain foreign jurisdictions with tax rates
lower than the United States statutory rates. The effective tax rate increased for the three months ended August 27, 2016 due to decreased overall profitability in our foreign operations. Periodically, the Company reviews the components of
both book and taxable income to analyze the adequacy of the tax provision. There can be no assurance that the Company s effective tax rate will remain constant in the future because of the lower benefit from the United States statutory
rate for losses in certain foreign jurisdictions and the limitation on the benefit for losses in jurisdictions in which a valuation allowance for operating loss carryforwards has previously been established.  
 The Company cannot recognize a tax benefit for the stock compensation expense related to certain incentive stock option ( ISO )
grants, unless and until the holder exercises his or her option and then sells the shares within a certain period of time. In addition, the Company can only recognize a potential tax benefit for employees  acquisition and subsequent
sale of shares purchased through the ESPP if the sale occurs within a certain defined period. As a result, the Company s provision for income taxes is likely to fluctuate from these factors for the foreseeable future. The Company
recognized a benefit of approximately $457,000 and $787,000 related to stock-based compensation for nonqualified stock options expensed and for disqualifying dispositions under the ESPP during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and 2016,
respectively. The proportion of expense related to non-qualified stock option grants (for which the Company may recognize a tax benefit in the same quarter as the related compensation expense in most instances) is significant as compared to
expense related to ISOs (including ESPPs). However, the timing and amount of eligible disqualifying ISO exercises cannot be predicted. The Company predominantly grants nonqualified stock options to employees in the United States.  
   Comparability of Quarterly Results   .  Our quarterly results have fluctuated in the past and we believe they will continue
to do so in the future. Certain factors that could affect our quarterly operating results are described in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Due to these and other factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results
of operations may not be meaningful indicators of future performance.     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by our operations and, historically, to a lesser extent, stock option exercises and ESPP
purchases. On an annual basis, we have generated positive cash flows from operations since inception. Our ability to continue to increase cash flow from operations in the future will be, at least in part, dependent on continued improvement
in global economic conditions.    As of August 27, 2016, the Company had $102.9 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments. The Company has a $3.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility with Bank of America (the  Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement allows the Company to choose the interest rate applicable to advances. The
interest rate options are Bank of America s prime rate and a London Inter-Bank Offered Rate plus 2.25%. Interest, if any, is payable monthly. The Credit Agreement expires November 30, 2016, unless extended by the
parties. The Company currently expects that the term of the Credit Agreement will be extended. As of August 27, 2016, the Company had approximately $1.8 million available for borrowing under the terms of the Credit Agreement as we have
directed Bank of America to issue approximately $1.2 million of outstanding letters of credit for the benefit of third parties related to operating leases and guarantees. As of August 27, 2016, the Company was in compliance with the financial
covenants in the Credit Agreement.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Operating activities used $7.1 million in cash for the three months ended August 27, 2016
compared to $4.6 million for the three months ended August 29, 2015. Cash used in operations in the first three months of fiscal 2017 resulted from net income of $5.6 million and non-cash items of $2.1 million, offset by net unfavorable changes
in operating assets and liabilities of $14.7 million. In the first three months of fiscal 2016, cash used in operations resulted from net income of $7.1 million and non-cash items of $2.9 million, offset by net unfavorable changes in operating
assets and liabilities of $14.6 million. The primary driver of the increase in cash used in operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 was the decrease in net income in such quarter. Non-cash items in both the first quarter of fiscal
2017 and fiscal 2016 include depreciation and amortization (which decreased between the two periods because our intangible assets were fully amortized during fiscal 2016) and stock-based compensation expense (which decreased between the two periods
primarily due to a one-time acceleration of vesting related to options previously granted to Donald Murray in connection with his transition from Executive Chairman to Chairman). These charges do not reflect an actual cash outflow from the
Company.   Net cash provided by investing activities was $13.9 million for the first three months of fiscal 2017, compared to a use of cash
of $0.6 million in the comparable prior year period. In the first three months of fiscal 2017, redemptions of short-term investments were $15.0 million; in the prior year period, redemptions and purchases were approximately the
same. Purchases of property and equipment increased approximately $0.5 million between the two periods.    Net cash used in financing
activities totaled $5.6 million and $5.7 million for the three months ended August 27, 2016 and August 29, 2015, respectively. Proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and issuance of shares via the Company s ESPP were approximately
$0.2 million higher in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the comparable period of fiscal 2016. The Company s stock purchases were approximately $0.5 million less in the first three months of fiscal 2017 than in fiscal
2016. The Company used $5.7 million in the first three months of fiscal 2017 to purchase approximately 375,000 shares of its common stock on the open market versus $6.2 million in the first three months of the prior fiscal year to purchase
approximately 395,000 shares of its common stock. The Company also paid dividends on its common stock of $3.6 million in the first three months of fiscal 2017, approximately $0.6 million higher than in the comparable period of the prior year;
the Company s dividend rate for dividends declared each quarter of fiscal 2016 was $0.10 per common share as compared to $0.08 per common share in fiscal 2015. The Company s board of directors increased the dividend rate for fiscal
2017 and declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.11 per common share on July 28, 2016. The dividend of approximately $4.0 million, paid on September 21, 2016, is accrued in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of August 27, 2016.
   Our ongoing operations and anticipated growth in the geographic markets we currently serve will require us to continue to make
investments in office premises and capital equipment, primarily technology hardware and software. In addition, we may consider making strategic acquisitions. We anticipate that our current cash and the ongoing cash flows from our operations
will be adequate to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. If we require additional capital resources to grow our business, either internally or through acquisition, we may seek to sell
additional equity securities or to secure debt financing. The sale of additional equity securities or certain forms of debt financing could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We may not be able to obtain financing
arrangements in amounts or on terms acceptable to us in the future. In the event we are unable to obtain additional financing when needed, we may be compelled to delay or curtail our plans to develop our business or to pay dividends on our
capital stock, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, market position and competitiveness.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements
    Information regarding recent accounting pronouncements is contained in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK.          Interest Rate Risk.  As of August 27, 2016, we had $102.9 million of cash and cash equivalents and
short-term investments. Securities that the Company has the ability and positive intent to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost. These securities consist of commercial paper. Cost approximates market for these
securities. The earnings on these investments are subject to changes in interest rates; however, assuming a constant balance available for investment, a 10% decline in interest rates would reduce our interest income but would not have a
material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.     Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk.  For the
three months ended August 27, 2016, approximately 19% of the Company s revenues were generated outside of the United States. As a result, our operating results are subject to fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currencies in
relation to the United States dollar. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into United States dollars at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Thus, as the value of the United States
dollar fluctuates relative to the currencies in our non-United States based operations, our reported results may vary.    Assets and
liabilities of our non-United States based operations are translated into United States dollars at the exchange rate effective at the end of each reporting period. Approximately 78% of our balances of cash, cash equivalents and short-term
investments as of August 27, 2016 were denominated in United States dollars. The remaining 22% was comprised primarily of cash balances translated from Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollars, Euros and Hong Kong Dollars. The difference resulting
from the translation each period of assets and liabilities of our non-United States based operations is recorded as a component of stockholders  equity in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss.  
 Although we intend to monitor our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, we do not currently use financial hedging techniques to mitigate
risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations, and we cannot assure you that exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our financial results in the future.  
    ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.       
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the Company carried out
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of August 27, 2016. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of August 27, 2016. There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
promulgated under the Exchange Act, during the Company s quarter ended August 27, 2016 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

     PART II OTHER INFORMATION   
        ITEM 1   . LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.    
 We are not a party to any material legal proceedings, although we are from time to time party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of our business.      

ITEM 1A.  
     RISK FACTORS   .        There have been no material changes in our risk
factors from those disclosed in Part 1, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 28, 2016, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2016. For convenience, our
updated risk factors are included below in this Item 1A. The order in which the risks appear is not intended as an indication of their relative weight or importance.   
   A future economic downturn or change in the use of outsourced professional services consultants could adversely affect our business.
     While we believe general economic conditions continue to improve in most parts of the world, there continues to be some
uncertainty regarding general economic conditions within some regions and countries in which we operate, leading to reluctance on the part of some multinational companies to spend on discretionary projects. Deterioration of or increased uncertainty
related to the global economy or tightening credit markets could result in a reduction in the demand for our services and adversely affect our business in the future. In addition, the use of professional services consultants on a project-by-project
basis could decline for non-economic reasons. In the event of a reduction in the demand for our consultants, our financial results would suffer.  
 Economic deterioration at one or more of our clients may also affect our allowance for doubtful accounts. Our estimate of losses resulting
from our clients  failure to make required payments for services rendered has historically been within our expectations and the provisions established. However, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to experience the same credit loss rates
that we have in the past. A significant change in the liquidity or financial position of our clients could cause unfavorable trends in receivable collections and cash flows and additional allowances may be required. These additional allowances could
materially affect the Company s future financial results.    In addition, we are required to periodically, but at least annually,
assess the recoverability of certain assets, including deferred tax assets and goodwill. Softening of the United States economy and international economies could adversely affect our evaluation of the recoverability of deferred tax assets, requiring
us to record additional tax valuation allowances. Our assessment of impairment of goodwill is currently based upon comparing our market capitalization to our net book value. Therefore, a significant downturn in the future market value of our stock
could potentially result in impairment reductions of goodwill and such an adjustment could materially affect the Company s future financial results and financial condition.  
   The market for professional services is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively against our competitors, our
business and operating results could be adversely affected.      We operate in a competitive, fragmented market, and we compete for
clients and consultants with a variety of organizations that offer similar services. The competition is likely to increase in the future due to the expected growth of the market and the relatively few barriers to entry. Our principal competitors
include:      

consulting firms;        

local, regional, national and international accounting and other traditional professional services firms;        

independent contractors;        

traditional and Internet-based staffing firms; and        

the in-house or former in-house resources of our clients.      We cannot assure you that we will
be able to compete effectively against existing or future competitors. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources, greater revenues and greater name recognition, which may afford them an advantage in attracting and
retaining clients and consultants and in offering pricing concessions. Some of our competitors in certain markets do not provide medical and other benefits to their consultants, thereby allowing them to potentially charge lower rates to clients. In
addition, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to changes in companies  needs and developments in the professional services industry.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

    Our business depends upon our ability to secure new projects from clients and, therefore,
we could be adversely affected if we fail to do so.      We do not have long-term agreements with our clients for the provision of
services and our clients may terminate engagements with us at any time. The success of our business is dependent on our ability to secure new projects from clients. For example, if we are unable to secure new client projects because of improvements
in our competitors  service offerings, or because of a change in government regulatory requirements, or because of an economic downturn decreasing the demand for outsourced professional services, our business is likely to be materially
adversely affected. New impediments to our ability to secure projects from clients may develop over time, such as the increasing use by large clients of in-house procurement groups that manage their relationship with service providers.  
   We may be legally liable for damages resulting from the performance of projects by our consultants or for our clients  mistreatment
of our personnel.      Many of our engagements with our clients involve projects or services that are critical to our clients 
businesses. If we fail to meet our contractual obligations, we could be subject to legal liability or damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. While we are not currently subject
to any client-related legal claims which we believe are material, it remains possible, because of the nature of our business, that we may be involved in litigation in the future that could materially affect our future financial results. Claims
brought against us could have a serious negative effect on our reputation and on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Because we are in the business of placing our personnel in the workplaces of other companies, we are subject to possible claims by our
personnel alleging discrimination, sexual harassment, negligence and other similar activities by our clients. We may also be subject to similar claims from our clients based on activities by our personnel. The cost of defending such claims, even if
groundless, could be substantial and the associated negative publicity could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain personnel and clients.  
   We may not be able to grow our business, manage our growth or sustain our current business.    
 Historically, we have grown by opening new offices and by increasing the volume of services provided through existing offices. Since the first
quarter of fiscal 2010, we have had difficulty sustaining consistent revenue growth either quarter-over-quarter or in sequential quarters. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or expand our market presence in our current
locations or to successfully enter other markets or locations. Our ability to continue to grow our business will depend upon an improving global economy and a number of factors, including our ability to:  

grow our client base;        

expand profitably into new geographies;        

provide additional professional services offerings;        

hire qualified and experienced consultants;        

maintain margins in the face of pricing pressures;        

manage costs; and        

maintain or grow revenues and increase other service offerings from existing clients.      Even if
we are able to resume more rapid growth in our revenue, the growth will result in new and increased responsibilities for our management as well as increased demands on our internal systems, procedures and controls, and our administrative, financial,
marketing and other resources. For instance, a limited number of clients are requesting that certain engagements be of a fixed fee nature rather than our traditional hourly time and materials approach, thus shifting a portion of the burden of
financial risk and monitoring to us. Failure to adequately respond to these new responsibilities and demands may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
   Our ability to serve clients internationally is integral to our strategy and our international activities expose us to additional
operational challenges that we might not otherwise face.      Our international activities require us to confront and manage a number
of risks and expenses that we would not face if we conducted our operations solely in the United States. Any of these risks or expenses could cause a material negative effect on our operating results. These risks and expenses include:  

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign offices as a result of, among other things, distance, language and cultural differences;    
      23  

Table of Contents  

less flexible or future changes in labor laws and regulations in the U.S. and in foreign countries;        

expenses associated with customizing our professional services for clients in foreign countries;        

foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations when we sell our professional services in denominations other than United States  dollars;    

protectionist laws and business practices that favor local companies;        

political and economic instability in some international markets;        

multiple, conflicting and changing government laws and regulations;        

trade barriers;        

reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; and        

potentially adverse tax consequences.        We have acquired, and may continue to acquire,
companies, and these acquisitions could disrupt our business.      We have acquired several companies and we may continue to acquire
companies in the future. Entering into an acquisition entails many risks, any of which could harm our business, including:      

diversion of management s attention from other business concerns;        

failure to integrate the acquired company with our existing business;        

failure to motivate, or loss of, key employees from either our existing business or the acquired business;        

potential impairment of relationships with our employees and clients;        

additional operating expenses not offset by additional revenue;        

incurrence of significant non-recurring charges;        

incurrence of additional debt with restrictive covenants or other limitations;        

addition of significant amounts of intangible assets, including goodwill, that are subject to periodic assessment of impairment, primarily through comparison of market value of our stock to our net book value, with such
impairment potentially resulting in a material impact on our future financial results and financial condition;        

dilution of our stock as a result of issuing equity securities; and        

assumption of liabilities of the acquired company.        We must provide our clients with
highly qualified and experienced consultants, and the loss of a significant number of our consultants, or an inability to attract and retain new consultants, could adversely affect our business and operating results.    
 Our business involves the delivery of professional services, and our success depends on our ability to provide our clients with highly
qualified and experienced consultants who possess the skills and experience necessary to satisfy their needs. At various times, such professionals can be in great demand, particularly in certain geographic areas or if they have specific skill sets.
Our ability to attract and retain consultants with the requisite experience and skills depends on several factors including, but not limited to, our ability to:      

provide our consultants with either full-time or flexible-time employment;        

obtain the type of challenging and high-quality projects that our consultants seek;        

pay competitive compensation and provide competitive benefits; and        

provide our consultants with flexibility as to hours worked and assignment of client engagements.    
 There can be no assurance that we will be successful in accomplishing any of these factors and, even if we are, we cannot assure that we will
be successful in attracting and retaining the number of highly qualified and experienced consultants necessary to maintain and grow our business.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

    Decreased effectiveness of equity compensation could adversely affect our ability to
attract and retain employees.      We have historically used stock options as a component of our employee compensation program in order
to align employees  interests with the interests of our stockholders, encourage employee retention and provide competitive compensation packages. A significant portion of our options outstanding awarded prior to fiscal 2012 are priced at more
than the current per share market value of our stock, limiting the grants from those years as a significant incentive to retain employees.  
   Our computer hardware and software and telecommunications systems are susceptible to damage, breach or interruption.    
 The management of our business is aided by the uninterrupted operation of our computer and telecommunication systems. These systems are
vulnerable to security breaches, natural disasters or other catastrophic events, computer viruses, or other interruptions or damage stemming from power outages, equipment failure or unintended usage by employees. In particular, our employees may
have access or exposure to personally identifiable or otherwise confidential information and customer data and systems, the misuse of which could result in legal liability. In addition, we rely on information technology systems to process, transmit
and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients, partners and consultants. The breadth and complexity of this infrastructure increases the potential risk of security breaches. Security
breaches, including cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions by computer hackers, foreign governments, cyber terrorists or others with grievances against the industry in which we operate or us in particular, may disable or damage the proper functioning of
our networks and systems. It is possible that our security controls over personal and other data may not prevent unauthorized access to, or destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of personally identifiable or other proprietary,
confidential, sensitive or valuable information of ours or others; this access could lead to potential unauthorized disclosure of confidential Company or client information that others could use to compete against us or for other disruptive,
destructive or harmful purposes and outcomes. Any such disclosure or damage to our networks and systems could subject us to third party claims against us and reputational harm. If these events occur, our ability to attract new clients may be
impaired or we may be subjected to damages or penalties. In addition, system-wide or local failures of these information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows.      Our cash and short-term investments are subject to economic risk.    
 The Company invests its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in foreign and domestic bank deposits, money market funds, commercial
paper and certificates of deposit. Certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. In the event these risks caused a decline in value of any of the Company s investments, it could adversely
affect the Company s financial condition.      Our business could suffer if we lose the services of one or more key members of our
senior management or other key employees.      Our future success depends upon the continued employment of our senior management team
and other key employees. The departure of one or more key members of our senior management team, such as the recent departure of our president and chief executive officer, could disrupt our operations if we are unable to successfully manage the
transition. The replacement of members of senior management can involve significant time and expense and create uncertainties that could delay, prevent the achievement of, or make it more difficult for us to pursue and execute on our business
opportunities, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, during the pendency of our search for a permanent chief executive officer, our existing management team is expected to take on
substantially more responsibility, which will likely result in greater workload demands and could divert their attention away from certain key areas of our business.  
 Further, we generally do not have non-compete agreements with our employees and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at
any time. Our ability to retain the services of members of our senior management and other key employees could be impacted by a number of factors, including uncertainties in our management during our senior leadership transition,
competitors  hiring practices or the effectiveness of our compensation programs. If members of our senior management or other key employees leave our employ for any reason, they could pursue other employment opportunities with our
competitors or otherwise compete with us. If we are unable to retain the services of these key personnel or attract and retain other qualified and experienced personnel on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition and operating
results could be adversely affected.      Our quarterly financial results may be subject to significant fluctuations that may increase
the volatility of our stock price.      Our results of operations could vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Factors that could
affect our quarterly operating results include:      

our ability to attract new clients and retain current clients;        

the mix of client projects;        

the announcement or introduction of new services by us or any of our competitors;    
      25  

Table of Contents  

the expansion of the professional services offered by us or any of our competitors into new locations both nationally and internationally;    

changes in the demand for our services by our clients;        

the entry of new competitors into any of our markets;        

the number of consultants eligible for our offered benefits as the average length of employment with the Company increases;        

the amount of vacation hours used by consultants or number of holidays in a quarter, particularly the day of the week on which they occur;    

availability of consultants with the requisite skills in demand by clients;        

changes in the pricing of our professional services or those of our competitors;        

variation in foreign exchange rates from one quarter to the next used to translate the financial results of our international operations;    

the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures relating to management and expansion of our business;        

the timing of acquisitions and related costs, such as compensation charges that fluctuate based on the market price of our common stock; and    

the periodic fourth quarter consisting of 14 weeks, next occurs during the fiscal year ending May 30, 2020.    
 Due to these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations are not meaningful indicators of future
performance. It is possible that in some future periods, our results of operations may be below the expectations of investors. If this occurs, the price of our common stock could decline.  
   If our internal control over financial reporting does not comply with the requirements of Sarbanes, our business and stock price could
be adversely affected.      Section 404 of Sarbanes requires us to evaluate periodically the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls as of the end of each fiscal year. Our management report on internal controls is contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Section 404 also requires our independent registered public accountant to report on our internal control over financial reporting.  
 Our management does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors or acts of fraud. A control system,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
involving us have been, or will be, detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by
individual acts of a person, or by collusion among two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and we cannot assure
you that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies and
procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to errors or fraudulent acts may occur and not be detected.  
 Although our management has determined, and our independent registered public accountant has attested, that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of May 28, 2016, we cannot assure you that we or our independent registered public accountant will not identify a material weakness in our internal controls in the future. A material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting may require management and our independent registered public accountant to evaluate our internal controls as ineffective. If our internal control over financial reporting is not considered adequate, we may experience
a loss of public confidence, which could have an adverse effect on our business and our stock price. Additionally, if our internal control over financial reporting otherwise fails to comply with the requirements of Sarbanes, our business and stock
price could be adversely affected.      We may be subject to laws and regulations that impose difficult and costly compliance
requirements and subject us to potential liability and the loss of clients.      In connection with providing services to clients in
certain regulated industries, such as the gaming and energy industries, we are subject to industry-specific regulations, including licensing and reporting requirements. Complying with these requirements is costly and, if we fail to comply, we could
be prevented from rendering services to clients in those industries in the future. Additionally, changes in these requirements, or in other laws applicable to us, in the future could increase our costs of compliance.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

  In addition, we may face challenges from certain state regulatory bodies governing the provision
of certain professional services, like legal services or audit services. The imposition of such regulations could require additional financial and operational burdens on our business.  
   It may be difficult for a third party to acquire the Company, and this could depress our stock price.    
 Delaware corporate law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could
delay, defer or prevent a change of control of the Company or our management. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. As a
result, these provisions could limit the price that future investors are willing to pay for your shares. These provisions:      

authorize our board of directors to establish one or more series of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which can be determined by the board of directors at the time of issuance;    

divide our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term. Because the classification of the board of directors generally increases the difficulty of replacing a
majority of the directors, it may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us and may make it difficult to change the composition of the board of directors;    

prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors which, if not prohibited, could allow a minority stockholder holding a sufficient percentage of a class of shares to ensure the election of one or more directors;

require that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by any consent in writing;

state that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, by our chief executive officer, by the board of directors after a resolution is adopted by a majority of the
total number of authorized directors, or by the holders of not less than 10% of our outstanding voting stock;        

establish advance notice requirements for submitting nominations for election to the board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at a meeting;    

provide that certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws can be amended only by supermajority vote (a 66    2 / 3  % majority) of the outstanding shares. In addition, our board of directors can amend our bylaws by majority vote of the members of our
board of directors;        

allow our directors, not our stockholders, to fill vacancies on our board of directors; and        

provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors.    
   We are required to recognize compensation expense related to employee stock options and our employee stock purchase plan. There is no
assurance that the expense that we are required to recognize measures accurately the value of our share-based payment awards and the recognition of this expense could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.    
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based compensation based on estimated values. Thus, our operating results contain a
non-cash charge for stock-based compensation expense related to employee stock options and our employee stock purchase plan. In general, accounting guidance requires the use of an option-pricing model to determine the value of share-based payment
awards. This determination of value is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, our expected stock price volatility over the
term of the awards, and actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. Option-pricing models were developed for use in estimating the value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. Because our
employee stock options have certain characteristics that are significantly different from traded options, and because changes in the subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimated value, in management s opinion the existing
valuation models may not provide an accurate measure of the value of our employee stock options. Although the value of employee stock options is determined using an option-pricing model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value observed in
a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction.      We may be unable to or elect not to pay our quarterly dividend payment.
     The Company pays a regular quarterly dividend, subject to quarterly board of director approval. The payment of, or continuation
of, the quarterly dividend is at the discretion of our board of directors and is dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, general business conditions, tax treatment of dividends in the United States,
potential future contractual restrictions contained in credit agreements and other agreements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. We can give no assurance that dividends will be declared and paid in the future. The failure
to pay the quarterly dividend or the discontinuance of the quarterly dividend could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

    We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, including our
brand name. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, the value of such rights may diminish and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.    
 We believe that establishing, maintaining and enhancing the RGP and Resources Global Professionals brand name is essential to our business. We
have applied for United States and foreign registrations on these service marks. We have previously obtained United States registrations on our Resources Connection service mark and puzzle piece logo, Registration No. 2,516,522 registered
December 11, 2001; No. 2,524,226 registered January 1, 2002; and No. 2,613,873, registered September 3, 2002, as well as certain foreign registrations. On March 29, 2013, we filed a United States trademark application
for our RGP service mark and puzzle piece logo, Serial No. 85/890,836 as well as United States trademark applications on our RGP service mark, puzzle piece and tag line, Serial No. 85/890,838; our RGP Healthcare service mark and puzzle
piece logo, Serial No. 85/890,839; our RGP Legal service mark and puzzle piece logo, Serial No. 85/890,843; and our RGP Search service mark and puzzle piece logo, Serial No. 85/890,845. We received approval of these applications and
registration was granted as of December 2, 2014.    We had been aware from time to time of other companies using the name
 Resources Connection  or some variation thereof and this contributed to our decision to adopt the operating company name of Resources Global Professionals. We obtained United States registration on our Resources Global Professionals
service mark, Registration No. 3,298,841 registered September 25, 2007. However, our rights to this service mark are not currently protected in some of our foreign registrations, and there is no guarantee that any of our pending
applications for such registration (or any appeals thereof or future applications) will be successful. Although we are not aware of other companies using the name  Resources Global Professionals  at this time, there could be potential
trade name or service mark infringement claims brought against us by the users of these similar names and marks and those users may have service mark rights that are senior to ours. If these claims were successful, we could be forced to cease using
the service mark  Resources Global Professionals  even if an infringement claim is not brought against us. It is also possible that our competitors or others will adopt service names similar to ours or that our clients will be confused by
another company using a name, service mark or trademark similar to ours, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity. We cannot assure you that our business would not be adversely affected if confusion did occur or if we were required to
change our name.    In 2014, we developed a software product for the healthcare industry to address enterprise-wide incident management and
patient safety issues. We have applied for registration in the United States and in the appropriate jurisdictions on the service mark for this product. On February 13, 2014, we filed a Nonprovisional Application, App. No. H180290, with the
United States Patent Office for patent protection for this invention. There is no guarantee that this pending patent application will be approved. In addition, if our patent application is approved, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly
infringe our proprietary rights and third parties may challenge the proprietary rights held by us. In any or each of these cases, we may be required to expend significant time and expense in order to prevent infringement or to enforce our rights.
 
      28  

Table of Contents  

         ITEM 2   . UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS.      In July 2015, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program, authorizing the purchase, at the discretion
of the Company s senior executives, of our common stock for an aggregate dollar limit not to exceed $150 million. Subject to the aggregate dollar limit, the currently authorized stock repurchase program does not have an expiration
date. Repurchases under either program may take place in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions and may be made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan.  
 The table below provides information regarding our stock repurchases made during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 under our stock repurchase
program.      
          ITEM 6   . EXHIBITS.    
 The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index (following the Signatures page of this Report) are filed with, or incorporated by reference in, this
Report.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

RESOURCES CONNECTION, INC.  

Date: October 6, 2016 

/s/ Anthony Cherbak   

Anthony Cherbak  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: October 6, 2016 

/s/ Herbert M. Mueller   

Herbert M. Mueller  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)   

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX   

* 
 Filed herewith.    

** 
 Furnished herewith.    

+ 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.       

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d233197dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer   
  Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
 I, Anthony Cherbak, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Resources Connection, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
   d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: October 6, 2016      

/s/ Anthony Cherbak   
 
  Anthony Cherbak   
 
  President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d233197dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   
 I, Herbert M. Mueller, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Resources Connection, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
   d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and      

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.    Date: October 6, 2016      

/s/ Herbert M. Mueller   
 
  Herbert M. Mueller   
 
  Executive Vice President   
 
  and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d233197dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
 WRITTEN STATEMENT    PURSUANT TO
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350    The
undersigned, Anthony Cherbak, the Chief Executive Officer of Resources Connection, Inc., and Herbert M. Mueller, Chief Financial Officer of Resources Connection, Inc. (the  Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, hereby certify that,
to the best of their knowledge:      

(i) 
 the Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter ended August 27, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended; and        

(ii) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Dated: October 6, 2016 

/s/ ANTHONY CHERBAK   

Anthony Cherbak   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ HERBERT M. MUELLER   

Herbert M. Mueller   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   
   The foregoing certification accompanies the Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is
not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general
incorporation language in such filing.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 recn-20160827.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 recn-20160827.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 recn-20160827_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 recn-20160827_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 recn-20160827_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 recn-20160827_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

